
 10-K
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-K
 

 

 
 


 UNITED STATES 



 

 

 


 

   

 



 
   

 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

 

 
  
   
   ANNUAL
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934 
   
  
 
   
   For the fiscal year ended
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Commission
  file number 1-8787 
   
  
 

 


   

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group, Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant as
  specified in its charter) 
   
  
 
   
   Delaware 
   (State
  or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   13-2592361 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
   
  
 
   
   175 Water Street, New York,  New York 
   (Address of principal executive
  offices) 
   
  
   10038 
   (Zip Code) 
   
  
 

 


 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code   (212) 770-7000  

 ______________________________ 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: See Exhibit 99.02 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

 ______________________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  R  No  £  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   £  No  R  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.    Yes  R          No  £  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes  R    No  o  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.       £  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  

 

 
  
   
   Large accelerated filer  R  
   
  
   Accelerated filer  £  
   
  
   Non-accelerated filer  £  
   
  
   Smaller reporting company  £  
   
  
 
   
                                                     
    
   
  
     
   
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
  
 

 


 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  £     No  R  

 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant (based on the
closing price of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter) was approximately $77,972,000,000. 

 As of February 12, 2015, there were outstanding 1,372,435,893
shares of Common Stock, $2.50 par
value per share, of the registrant. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

 
  
   
   Document of the Registrant 
   
  
   Form 10-K Reference Locations 
   
  
 
   
   Portions of the
  registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of
  Shareholders 
   
  
   Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13
  and 14  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


    

   
 


   


 
 

 


 

   

 



 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 

 TABLE OF  CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K 

 
  
   
   Item Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   PART I 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1. 
   
  
   Business              
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   AIG’s Global Insurance
  Operations 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Our Employees 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   A Review of Liability
  for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Reinsurance Activities 
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Regulation 
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Available Information about AIG 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Item 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Item 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Item 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Item 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Item 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   PART II 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s
  Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       of Equity Securities 
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Item 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Item 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Cautionary Statement Regarding
  Forward-Looking Information 
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Executive Overview 
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Results of Operations 
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Investments 
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Glossary 
   
  
   204 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Acronyms 
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
   Item 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative
  Disclosures about Market Risk 
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
   Item 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary
  Data 
   
  
   209 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Index to Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
  
   209 
   
  
 
   
   Item 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and
  Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
   329 
   
  
 
   
   Item 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
   329 
   
  
 
   
   Item 9B. 
   
  
   Other Information 
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   PART III 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and
  Corporate Governance 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Item 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Item 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
  Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       Matters 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Item 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and
  Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Item 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and
  Services 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   PART IV 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 


    








   
 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 Part I 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Item 1  / Business 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   American International
  Group, Inc. (AIG)  is a
  leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a
  wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement
  products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in
  more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. Our diverse offerings include
  products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their
  assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is
  listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
   
  
 
   
   AIG’s key strengths include: 
   
  
 
   
   World class insurance franchises   that are leaders in their categories and are continuing to improve
  their operating performance; 
   
  
 
   
   A diverse mix of businesses   with a presence in most international markets; 
   
  
 
   
   Effective capital management   of the largest shareholders’ equity of any insurance
  company in the world * , supported by enhanced risk management; 
   
  
 
   
   Execution of strategic objectives,   such as our focus on growth of higher value lines of business
  to increase profitability and grow assets under management;  
   
  
 
   
   Breadth of customers,   serving over 89 percent of companies included in the Fortune
  Global 500; and 
   
  
 
   
   Improved profitability,   as demonstrated by growth in 2014 over 2013 of pre-tax
  operating income in our core insurance operations. 
   
  
 


    

 *   At June 30, 2014, the latest date for which information was
available for certain foreign insurance companies. 









 


 
  
   
   3 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless
otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates otherwise, we use the terms
“AIG,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” to refer to American International Group,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use the
term “AIG Parent” to refer solely to American International Group, Inc., and
not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries.  

 
  
   
   AIG’s Global Insurance Operations 
   
  
 
   
   business
  management 
   
  
 
   
       
     
  
 
   
   On September 1, 2014, in accordance with AIG’s previously
  disclosed succession plan, Peter D. Hancock assumed the role of President and
  Chief Executive Officer of AIG and joined AIG’s Board of Directors.  He
  succeeded Robert H. Benmosche, who retired and currently serves as an advisor
  to AIG. 
   With this transition, Mr. Hancock has announced a new
  leadership team and structure aimed at integrating the Company and
  positioning us to deliver the full capabilities of AIG to our approximately
  90 million clients around the world as One AIG. We believe that by striving
  to provide the greatest value to our customers, we can deliver improved
  operating and financial performance and sustainable, profitable growth.  Our
  strategy is focused on enhancing the value and competitive position of our
  insurance businesses and investing our capital where we can achieve
  attractive risk-adjusted returns, while maintaining strong levels of
  liquidity and capital.   
   In the fourth quarter of 2014, we
  modified the presentation of our results to reflect our new operating
  structure. The new operating structure includes two reportable segments,
  Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance, and a Corporate and Other
  category. Commercial Insurance has three operating segments: Property
  Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets. Consumer Insurance
  also has three operating segments: Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance.
  The Corporate and Other category consists of businesses and items not
  allocated to our reportable segments. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2014,
  AIG reported its results through two reportable segments – AIG Property
  Casualty and AIG Life and Retirement.   
   Certain of our management activities, such as investment
  management, enterprise risk management, liquidity management and capital
  management, and our balance sheet reporting, are conducted on a legal entity
  basis. We group our insurance-related legal entities into two categories:
  Non-Life Insurance Companies and Life Insurance Companies. 
   Non-Life Insurance Companies include the following major
  property casualty and mortgage guaranty companies: National Union Fire
  Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.(National Union); American Home Assurance
  Company (American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire
  and Marine Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance
  Company, Ltd. (American Home Japan);  AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; 
  AIG Europe Limited and United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (UGRIC).
   
   Life Insurance Companies include the following major
  operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American
  General Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC); The
  United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life) and
  AIG Fuji Life Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Life).  
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   4 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
    

 (a) Consists of Commercial Insurance and
Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income. Pre-tax operating income and book
value per share excluding AOCI are non-GAAP measures. See “Use of Non-GAAP
Measures” for additional information. 

 (b) Total
consideration of approximately $7.6 billion, includes net cash proceeds of $2.4
billion and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares. Based in part on
AerCap's closing price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014, the date the sale
of ILFC to AerCap was completed. 


 


 
  
   
   5 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 How we
Generate Revenues and Profitability 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We earn
revenues  primarily from insurance
premiums, policy fees from universal life insurance and investment products, and
income from investments and advisory fees.  

 Our
operating expenses  consist of
policyholder benefits and losses incurred, interest credited to policyholders,
commissions and other costs of selling and servicing our products, and general
business expenses. 

 Our
profitability  is de pendent on
our ability to properly price and manage risk on insurance and annuity
products, to manage our portfolio of investments effectively, and to control
costs through expense discipline.  

 INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES OF Our Insurance OPERATIONS 

 
  
   
   Our Non Life Insurance Companies and Life Insurance
  Companies generally receive premiums and deposits well in advance of paying
  covered claims or benefits. In the intervening periods, we invest these
  premiums and deposits to generate net investment income that, along with the
  invested funds, is available to pay claims or benefits. As a result, we
  generate significant revenues from insurance investment activities. 
   
  
   We generate
  significant revenues in our insurance operations from investment activities. 
   
  
 
   
   Our worldwide
  insurance investment policy places primary emphasis on investments in
  corporate bonds, municipal bonds and government bonds in all of our
  portfolios, and, to a lesser extent, investments in high yield bonds, common
  stock, real estate, hedge funds and other alternative investments. 
   
  
 


 The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities
consist of intermediate and long duration fixed maturity securities. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies  —  F ixed maturity securities held by the insurance
companies included in the Non-Life Insurance Companies’ domestic operations
have historically consisted primarily of corporate bonds, municipal bonds and
government bonds. These investments provided attractive returns and limited
credit risk. To meet our domestic operations’ current risk return and business
objectives, our domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies have been shifting
investment allocations to a broader array of investments, including structured
securities, mortgage loans, equity related opportunities and other investments
that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our fixed maturity securities must
meet our liquidity, duration and quality objectives as well as current capital,
risk return and business objectives. Fixed maturity securities held by the
Non-Life Insurance Companies’ international operations consist primarily of
intermediate duration high-grade securities, primarily in the markets being
served. In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies have redeployed cash in
excess of operating needs into investments consistent with the asset classes
described above. 

 Life Insurance Companies  —  The investment strategy for the portfolios of the
Life Insurance Companies is largely to match the duration of our liabilities
with assets of comparable duration, to the extent practicable. The Life
Insurance Companies primarily invest in a diversified portfolio of fixed
maturity securities, which include corporate bonds and structured securities.
To further diversify the portfolio, investments are made in alternative
investments, including private equity funds, hedge funds and affordable housing
partnerships. Although these alternative investments are subject to periodic
earnings fluctuations, they have achieved total returns in excess of the Life
Insurance Companies’ fixed maturity security returns for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2014.  


 


 
  
   
   6 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
   Consumer Insurance    
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance  is a leading
  provider of insurance products and services for commercial and institutional
  customers. It includes one of the world’s most far-reaching property casualty
  networks, a leading mortgage guaranty insurer and an institutional retirement
  and savings business. Commercial Insurance offers a broad range of products
  to customers through a diversified, multichannel distribution network.
  Customers value Commercial Insurance’s strong capital position, extensive
  risk management and claims experience, and its ability to be a market leader
  in critical lines of insurance business.   
   
  
   Consumer Insurance  is a unique franchise that brings together a broad portfolio of
  retirement, life insurance and property casualty products offered through
  multiple distribution networks.  It holds long-standing, leading market
  positions in many of its U.S. product lines, and its global footprint
  provides the opportunity to pursue international growth opportunities
  selectively in countries with attractive markets.  With its strong capital
  position, customer-focused service, innovative product development
  capabilities and strong distribution relationships across multiple channels,
  Consumer Insurance is well positioned to provide clients with the products
  they need delivered through the channels they prefer. 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other includes Direct Investment book,
  Global Capital Markets, and AIG Parent and Other as well as   certain  
   run-off insurance businesses. 
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   7 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Global Footprint 
   Our Non-Life Insurance Companies net premiums written
  (NPW) of $34.5 billion in 2014 reflected our expansive global footprint.
  Based on NPW in 2013, we are the largest commercial insurer in the U.S., the
  largest U.S. based property casualty insurer in Europe, and the largest
  foreign property casualty insurer in China.  In addition, AIG was first to
  market in many emerging markets and is well positioned to enhance its
  businesses in countries such as Brazil, China through strategic relationships
  with People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (PICC Group), and
  India with the Tata Group.  
   Our Life Insurance Companies premiums and deposits
  (P&D) of $32.6 billion in 2014 demonstrate a substantial presence in the
  U.S. and a meaningful share of the Japan market. P&D is a non-GAAP
  financial measure that includes direct and assumed amounts received on
  traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and deposits on
  life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on
  universal life, investment‑type annuity contracts and mutual funds. See
  Item 7. MD&A — Results of Operations  for
  Institutional Markets, Retirement and  Life for a reconciliation of P&D to
  premiums. 
   
  
 


 

 We have a significant international presence in both
developed markets and growth economy nations, specifically in Asia Pacific,
Central Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. We distribute our
products through three major geographic regions: 

 •      Americas:   
Includes the United States, Canada, Latin America, the Caribbean and Bermuda.  

 •      Asia Pacific:  
Includes Japan, China, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand,  Australia,
Indonesia and other Asia Pacific nations. 

 •      EMEA (Europe,
Middle East and Africa):   Includes the United Kingdom, Continental Europe,
the Russian Federation, India, the Middle East and Africa. 

 In 2014, 6.3 percent of our property casualty direct premiums
were written in the state of California and 15.7 percent and 7.5 percent were
written in Japan and the United Kingdom, respectively. No other state or foreign
jurisdiction accounted for more than five percent of such premiums. 


 


 
  
   
   8 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Diversified Mix of Businesses* 

 (dollars
in millions)  

 

   

 *    Represents
revenues from insurance operations.  Revenues
for Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty, and Personal Insurance include net
premiums earned and net investment income.  Revenues for Institutional Markets,
Retirement and Life include premiums, policy fees, net investment income and
advisory fees. 



 
  




 


 
  
   
   9 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
 


 Business Strategy 

 
  
   
   Customer:   Strive to be our customers’ most valued insurer by
  offering innovative products, superior service and access to an extensive
  global network. 
   
  
 
   
   Strategic Growth:  Grow our higher-value businesses while
  investing in transformative opportunities. 
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting Excellence:   Improve our business portfolio through better pricing
  and risk selection by using enhanced data, analytics and the application of
  science to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns. 
   
  
 
   
   Claims Excellence:   Improve claims processes, analytics and tools to
  deliver superior customer service and decrease our loss ratio. 
   
  
 
   
   Operational Effectiveness:   Continue initiatives to modernize our technology and
  infrastructure; implement best practices to improve speed and quality of
  service. 
   
  
 
   
   Capital Efficiency:   Increase capital fungibility and diversification,
  streamline our legal entity structure, optimize reinsurance and improve tax
  efficiency. 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategy:   Increase asset diversification and take advantage of yield‑enhancement
  opportunities to meet our capital, liquidity, risk and return objectives. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   10 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Commercial Insurance
Operating Segments  

 Commercial Insurance’s
operating segments consist of  Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and
Institutional Markets. 

 
  
   
   Property Casualty Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Casualty:  Products include general liability, commercial
  automobile liability, workers’ compensation, excess casualty and crisis
  management insurance products. Casualty also includes risk management and
  other customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational
  customers. 
   Property:  Products include commercial, industrial and
  energy-related property insurance products and services that cover exposures
  to man-made and natural disasters, including business interruption. 
   Specialty:   Products include aerospace, environmental, political
  risk, trade credit, surety and marine insurance products, and various small
  and medium sized enterprises insurance lines. 
   Financial:  Products include professional liability insurance for a
  range of businesses and risks, including directors and officers liability
  (D&O), fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cybersecurity
  risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance (E&O). 
   
    
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage
  Guaranty:  Mortgage insurance (MI)
  protects mortgage investors against the increased risk of borrower default
  related to high loan-to-value (LTV) mortgages. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets:  Products
  primarily include stable value wrap products, structured settlement and
  terminal funding annuities, high net worth products, corporate- and
  bank-owned life insurance and GICs. 
   
    
  
 


   

 A Look at  Commercial
Insurance 

 Property Casualty conducts its business primarily through
our Non-Life Insurance Companies, which include National Union; American Home;
Lexington; Fuji Fire; American Home Japan; AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte,
Ltd. and AIG Europe Limited. 

 Mortgage Guaranty conducts its business primarily through
UGRIC. 

 Institutional Markets conducts its business primarily
through our Life Insurance Companies, which include American General Life,
VALIC and U.S. Life. 


 


 
  
   
   11 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Commercial Insurance Distribution Network 

   

 Property
Casualty 

 
  
   
   Property
  Casualty products are primarily distributed through a network of independent
  retail and wholesale brokers, and through an independent agency network. 
   
  
 


 Mortgage
Guaranty 

 
  
   
   Mortgage
  Guaranty products and services are distributed to a comprehensive range of
  mortgage originators including national mortgage, community and money center
  banks, as well as through builder-owned, regional mortgage and
  internet-sourced lender and credit unions. 
   
  
 


 Institutional
Markets 

 
  
   
   Institutional
  Markets products are primarily distributed through specialized marketing and
  consulting firms and structured settlement brokers.   
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance Competition 

 Operating in a highly competitive industry, Property
Casualty competes against several hundred stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual companies and other underwriting organizations in the
U.S. In international markets, Property Casualty competes for business with the
foreign insurance operations of large global insurance groups and local
companies in specific market areas and product types. Mortgage Guaranty
competes with several private providers of mortgage insurance, both
well-established and new entrants to the industry, and the Federal Housing
Administration, which is the largest provider of mortgage insurance in the
United States. Institutional Markets competes with large domestic (both stock
and mutual) life companies, as well as international life companies. 

 Insurance companies compete through a combination of risk
acceptance criteria, product pricing, service and terms and conditions.
Commercial Insurance distinguishes itself in the insurance industry primarily
based on its well-established brand, global franchise, financial and capital
strength, innovative products, expertise in providing specialized coverages and
customer service.  

 We serve our business and
individual customers on a global basis — from the largest multinational
corporations to local businesses and individuals. Our clients benefit from our
substantial underwriting expertise and long-term commitment to the markets we
serve.  


 


 
  
   
   12 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Commercial
  Insurance Competitive Strengths and Challenges 
   
  
 
   
   Our competitive strengths
  include: 
   Financial strength   and
  market leadership  – a well capitalized, strong balance sheet highly valued
  by customers that allows us to be a market leader in certain lines of
  business 
   Underwriting and claims
  expertise  – a recognized, talented and deeply experienced team  
   Global franchise  – one
  of the largest operating footprints in the industry and deep history in
  developed and emerging markets 
   Scale  – size and scope
  of business facilitates risk diversification to optimize returns on capital 
   Diversification  –
  breadth of customers served, products underwritten and distribution channels 
   Innovation  –  a culture
  of innovation driven by risk management expertise and a focus on customer
  needs 
   Service  – a culture of
  striving to be our customers’ most valued insurer 
   Information and science capabilities 
  – knowledge and information to improve a customer’s experience 
   Our challenges include: 
   Over capacity  in
  certain lines of business can lead to downward pressure on market pricing 
   Tort environment 
  volatility in certain jurisdictions and lines of business 
   Regulatory requirements  increasing
  in volume and complexity due to heightened regulatory scrutiny and
  supervision of the insurance and financial services industries in recent
  years 
   Volatility  in the U.S.
  housing and mortgage markets   and from natural and man-made
  catastrophes 
   
  
 


    









 


 
  
   
   13 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
 


 Business Strategy 

 
  
   
   Customer:   Strive to be our customers’ most valued insurer.
  Through our unique franchise, which brings together a broad portfolio of
  retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products offered through
  multiple distribution networks, Consumer Insurance aims to provide customers
  with the products they need, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
   
  
 
   
   Information-Driven Strategy:   Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application of
  science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product mix,
  channel performance and risk management capabilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Focused Growth:   I nvest
  in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow profitably and sustainably. Target
  growth in select markets according to market size, growth potential, market
  maturity and customer demographics. 
   
  
 
   
   Operational Effectiveness:   Simplify processes, enhance operating environments, and
  leverage the best platforms and tools for multiple operating segments to
  increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
  facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategy:   Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
  maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of
  related insurance liabilities with assets of comparable duration, and pursue
  yield-enhancement opportunities that meet liquidity, risk and return
  objectives. 
   
  
 
   
   Profitability and Capital Management:   Deliver solid earnings through disciplined pricing, sustainable underwriting improvements
  and diversification of risk, and increase capital efficiency within insurance
  entities to enhance return on equity. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   14 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Consumer Insurance Operating Segments  

 Consumer Insurance’s operating segments consist of  Retirement,
Life,  and  Personal Insurance .  

   

 
  
   
   Retirement Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities :
  Products include single and
  flexible premium fixed annuities and single premium immediate and deferred
  income annuities. The Fixed Annuities product line maintains its
  industry-leading position in the U.S. bank distribution channel by designing
  products collaboratively with banks and offering an efficient and flexible
  administration platform. 
   Retirement Income
  Solutions:   Primary products include variable and fixed index
  annuities that provide both asset accumulation and lifetime income benefits,
  as well as investment-focused variable annuities.  Variable annuities are
  distributed through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent broker‑dealers.
  Fixed index annuities are distributed through banks, broker dealers,
  independent marketing organizations and career and independent insurance agents. 
   Group Retirement:  Products
  are marketed under the VALIC brand and include fixed and variable annuities,
  mutual funds, and plan administrative and compliance services. VALIC career
  financial advisors and independent financial advisors provide retirement plan
  participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services. 
   Retail Mutual Funds  and   Advisor Group: 
  Includes our mutual fund and related administration and servicing operations
  as well as one of the largest networks of independent financial advisors in
  the U.S.  Brands include Royal Alliance, SagePoint Financial, FSC Securities
  and Woodbury Financial. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Life Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Primary products in the U.S. include term life and
  universal life insurance. International products include term and whole life
  insurance, supplemental health, cancer and critical illness insurance. Life
  products are primarily distributed through independent marketing
  organizations, independent insurance agents, career agents and financial
  advisors and direct marketing. The Life operating segment also offers group
  products distributed through employers (both employer-paid and voluntary) and
  sponsored organizations, with the key products being basic and supplemental
  term life, universal life and disability insurance. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  and Health : Products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and
  supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and
  other organizations.  It also includes a broad range of travel insurance
  products and services for leisure and business travelers. Accident and Health
  products are distributed through various channels, including agents, brokers,
  affinity partners, airlines and travel agents. 
   Personal
  Lines : Products include automobile and
  homeowners insurance, extended warranty, and consumer specialty products,
  such as identity theft and credit card protection. Products are distributed
  through various channels, including agents, brokers and direct marketing.
  Personal Insurance also provides insurance for high-net-worth individuals
  offered through AIG Private Client Group, including auto, homeowners,
  umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections insurance.   
   
    
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   15 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 A Look at  Consumer Insurance 

 The Retirement and Life operating segments conduct their
business primarily through our Life Insurance Companies, which include American
General Life, VALIC, U.S. Life, and Fuji Life.   

 The Personal Insurance operating segment conducts its
business primarily through our Non-Life Insurance Companies, which include Fuji
Fire, AIU Insurance Company, Ltd., American Home, National Union, Lexington, American
Home Japan, AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd. and AIG Europe Limited. 

 Consumer Insurance Distribution
Network 

   

 Retirement 

 
  
   
   Retirement products are
  distributed through affiliated channels that include over 1,200 VALIC career
  financial advisors and over 5,700 licensed financial advisors in the AIG
  Advisor Group and through non-affiliated channels, which include banks,
  wirehouses, regional and independent broker-dealers, independent marketing
  organizations and independent insurance agents. 
   
  
 


 Life 

 
  
   
   Life products are
  distributed in the U.S. through affiliated channels that include over 1,700
  career agents and financial advisors in the AIG Financial Network and direct
  marketing.  Non-affiliated channels in the U.S. include independent marketing
  organizations, independent agents and benefit brokers.  International life
  products are sold through non-affiliated independent agents and direct
  marketing.   
   
  
 


 Personal Insurance 

 
  
   
   Personal Insurance
  products and services are distributed through various channels, including
  independent agents, career agents, brokers, affinity partners, airlines and
  travel agents, as well as direct marketing. 
   
  
 


   

 Consumer
Insurance Competition 

 Consumer Insurance operates in the highly competitive
insurance and financial services industry in the U.S. and select international
markets and competes against various financial services companies, including
mutual funds, banks and other life and property casualty insurance companies. 
Competition is primarily based on product pricing and design, distribution,
financial strength, customer service and ease of doing business. 

 Consumer Insurance competes based on its long‑standing
market leading positions, innovative products, strong distribution
relationships across multiple channels, customer-focused service and strong
financial ratings.  


 


 
  
   
   16 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Consumer
  Insurance Competitive Strengths and Challenges  
   
  
 
   
   Our competitive strengths include: 
   Unique franchise 
  – broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal insurance
  products offered through multiple distribution networks 
   Market leader  –
  long-standing, leading positions in many of our product lines and key
  distribution channels 
   Global footprint 
  – ability to selectively pursue international growth opportunities in
  countries with attractive markets 
   Strong
  distribution relationships across multiple channels  – opportunity to
  expand on distribution relationships to effectively market diverse product
  offerings 
   Information and
  science capabilities  – used to  build decision
  tools, transform  processes and optimize performance 
   Customer-focused
  service  – investments in technology and operating platforms provide the foundation
  to deliver our target customer experience 
   Risk
  diversification and scale  – breadth of product offerings and scale
  advantage in key   product lines 
   Capital strength  –
  capacity to drive growth in attractive markets and product lines 
   Our challenges include: 
   Highly competitive environment  where
  products are differentiated by pricing, terms, customer service and ease of
  doing business and barriers to entry are significant in certain markets 
   Regulatory requirements  in recent
  years have created an increasingly complex environment that is affecting
  industry growth and profitability 
   Low interest rate  environment makes
  it more difficult to competitively price guaranteed return products and puts
  margin pressure on existing products due to the challenge of investing in a
  low rate environment 
   
  
 


    








 Corporate and Other  includes: 

 Direct Investment book   (DIB)     consists of a portfolio of assets and
liabilities held directly by AIG Parent in the Matched Investment Program (MIP)
and certain  non-derivative assets
and liabilities of  AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively  AIGFP) .  The DIB portfolio
is being wound down and is managed with the objective of ensuring that at all
times it maintains the liquidity we believe is necessary to meet all of its
liabilities as they come due, even under stress scenarios, and to maximize
returns consistent with our risk management 
objectives.   

 Global Capital Markets (GCM)    consists of the operations of    AIG Markets, Inc.  ( AIG Markets) and the remaining derivatives
portfolio of AIGFP. AIG Markets acts as the derivatives intermediary between
our subsidiaries and third parties to provide hedging services. The AIGFP
portfolio continues to be wound down and is managed consistently with our risk
management objectives.  Although the portfolio
may experience periodic fair value volatility, it consists predominantly of
transactions that we believe are of low complexity, low risk or currently not
economically appropriate to unwind based on a cost versus benefit analysis.    

 AIG Parent and Other  consists primarily of interest expense, consolidation and
eliminations, expenses of corporate staff not attributable to specific
reportable segments, certain expenses related to internal controls and the
financial and operating  
 


 
  
   
   17 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 platforms, corporate initiatives,
certain compensation plan expenses, corporate level net realized capital gains
and losses, certain litigation‑related charges and credits, net gain
(loss) on sale of divested businesses that did not meet the criteria for
discontinued operations accounting treatment, and equity in the earnings of
AerCap. 

 Run-off Insurance Business    consists primarily of run-off lines of
business, including excess workers’ compensation, asbestos and legacy
environmental (1986 and prior); certain environmental liability businesses
written prior to 2004  and certain
long-duration business, primarily in Japan and the U.S. 

 Other Businesses   include investments in life settlements, real estate
investment operations, institutional asset management operations, equipment
financing operations and our remaining consumer finance business. 

 Aircraft Leasing  consists of ILFC.  On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent
of the common stock of ILFC to AerCap Ireland Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary of AerCap, in exchange for total consideration of approximately
$7.6 billion, including cash and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common
shares (the AerCap Transaction).  As a result of the
AerCap Transaction, we own approximately 46 percent of the outstanding common
stock of AerCap. We account for our interest in AerCap using the equity method
of accounting.  See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the AerCap Transaction. 

 Retained Interests    includes fair value gains and losses on (i) AIA
ordinary shares retained following the AIA initial public offering  prior to
their sale in 2012 and (ii) Maiden Lane III LLC (ML III) assets prior to
their liquidation in 2012. 

 OUR EMPLOYEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At
December 31, 2014, we had approximately 65,000 employees. We believe that
our relations with our employees are satisfactory. 

 
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 


    








 
 


 
  
   
   18 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 A Review of Liability for
Unpaid LOSSES and loss Adjustment Expenses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
(also referred to as loss reserves) represents the accumulation of estimates
for unpaid reported losses (case reserves) and losses that have been incurred
but not reported (IBNR) for the Non-Life Insurance Companies.  

 We recognize as assets the portion of this liability that is
expected to be recovered from reinsurers. Loss reserves are discounted, where
permitted, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 The Loss Reserve Development
Process 

 The process of establishing the liability for unpaid losses
and loss adjustment expenses is complex and imprecise because it must take into
consideration many variables that are subject to the outcome of future events.
As a result, informed subjective estimates and judgments about our ultimate
exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserving process.  

 
  
   
   We use a number of techniques to analyze the adequacy of the
  established net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (net
  loss reserves). Using these analytical techniques, we monitor the adequacy of
  our established reserves and determine appropriate assumptions for inflation
  and other factors influencing loss costs. Our analyses also take into account
  emerging specific development patterns, such as case reserve redundancies or
  deficiencies and IBNR emergence. We also consider specific factors that may
  impact losses, such as changing trends in medical costs, unemployment levels
  and other economic indicators, as well as changes in legislation and social
  attitudes that may affect decisions to file claims or the magnitude of court
  awards. See Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates for a
  description of our loss reserving process. 
   
  
   
   Because reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of
  future events, changes in prior year estimates are unavoidable in the
  insurance industry. These changes in estimates are sometimes referred to as “prior
  year loss development” or “reserve development.” 
   

   
  
 

 A significant portion of the Non-Life Insurance Companies’
reserves are for the U.S. commercial casualty class, including excess casualty,
asbestos and environmental, which tends to involve longer periods of time for
the reporting and settlement of claims than other types of insurance and
therefore may increase the inherent risk and uncertainty with respect to our loss
reserve development. 

 Analysis of Consolidated Loss
Reserve Development 

 The “Analysis of Consolidated Loss Reserve Development” table
presents the development of prior year net loss reserves for calendar years
2004 through 2014 for each balance sheet in that period. The information in the
table is presented in accordance with reporting requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). This table should be interpreted with care by
those not familiar with its format or those who are familiar with other loss
development analyses arranged in an accident year or underwriting year basis
rather than the balance sheet, as shown below. See Note 13 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 The top row of the table shows  Net Reserves Held  (the
net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses) at each balance
sheet date, net of discount.  This liability represents the estimated amount
of losses and loss adjustment expenses for claims arising in all years prior to
the balance sheet date that were unpaid as of that balance sheet date,
including estimates for IBNR claims. The amount of loss reserve discount
included in the net reserves at each date is shown immediately below the net
reserves held. The undiscounted reserve at each date is equal to the sum of the
discount and the net reserves held. For example,  Net Reserves Held
(Undiscounted)  was $48.8 billion at December 31, 2004. 

 The next section of the table shows the original  Net
Undiscounted Reserves re-estimated  over 10 years. This re-estimation takes
into consideration a number of factors, including changes in the estimated
frequency of reported claims, effects of  
 


 
  
   
   19 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 significant
judgments, the emergence of latent exposures, and changes in medical cost
trends.  For example, the original undiscounted reserve of
$48.8 billion at December 31, 2004, was re-estimated to $66.2 billion
at December 31, 2014. The amount of the development related to losses
settled or re-estimated in 2014, but incurred in 2011, is included in the
cumulative development amount for years 2011, 2012 and 2013. Any increase or
decrease in the estimate is reflected in operating results in the period in
which the estimate is changed. 

 The middle of the table shows  Net Deficiency.  This
is the aggregate change in estimates over the period of years covered by the
table.  For example, the net loss reserve deficiency of $17.4 billion
for 2004 is the difference between the original undiscounted reserve of
$48.8 billion at December 31, 2004 and the $66.2 billion of
re-estimated reserves at December 31, 2014. The net deficiency amounts are
cumulative; in other words, the amount shown in the 2013 column includes the
amount shown in the 2012 column, and so on. Conditions and trends that have affected
development of the liability in the past may not necessarily occur in the
future. Accordingly, it generally is not appropriate to extrapolate future
development based on this table. 

 The bottom portion of the table shows the  Paid
(Cumulative)  amounts during successive years related to the undiscounted
loss reserves.  For example, as of December 31, 2014, AIG had paid a total
of $55.4 billion of the $66.2 billion in re-estimated reserves for
2004, resulting in Remaining Reserves (Undiscounted) of $10.8 billion for
2004. Also included in this section are the  Remaining Reserves
(Undiscounted)  and the  Remaining Discount  for each year. 

 As discussed
in footnotes (a) and (b) below, the calendar year distribution of these Paid
(Cumulative) amounts are estimates that are affected by certain transactions.
These payment amounts may differ from the actual losses paid for a given
accident year.  

 The following table presents loss reserves and the
related loss development for 2004 through 2014 and consolidated gross liability
(before discount), reinsurance recoverable and net liability recorded for each
calendar year, and the re‑estimation of these amounts as of
December 31, 2014. (a) 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 
   
  
     
   
  
   2005 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Net Reserves Held (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       47,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       57,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       62,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       69,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       72,455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       67,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       71,507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       70,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       68,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       64,316 
   
  
       $ 
   
  
       61,612 
   
  
 
   
   Discount (in Reserves Held) 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,553 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,110 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,429 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,217 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,246 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,555 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,077 
   
  
 
   
   Net Reserves Held (Undiscounted) 
   
  
     
   
  
       48,806 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,586 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,894 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,717 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,029 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,554 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,724 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,008 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,028 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,871 
   
  
       $ 
   
  
       64,689 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net undiscounted Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      re-estimated as of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      One year later 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,486 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,533 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,238 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,836 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,800 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,919 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,429 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,585 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Two years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       55,009 
   
  
     
   
  
       60,126 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,764 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,318 
   
  
     
   
  
       82,043 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,529 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,502 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,167 
   
  
     
   
  
       73,571 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Three years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,047 
   
  
     
   
  
       61,242 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,303 
   
  
     
   
  
       78,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       81,719 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,187 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,023 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,212 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Four years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       57,618 
   
  
     
   
  
       63,872 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,733 
   
  
     
   
  
       78,245 
   
  
     
   
  
       82,422 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,058 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,031 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Five years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       60,231 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,102 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,876 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,098 
   
  
     
   
  
       83,135 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,054 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Six years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       63,348 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,518 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,572 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,813 
   
  
     
   
  
       84,100 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Seven years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       63,928 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,233 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       80,770 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Eight years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,532 
   
  
     
   
  
       69,023 
   
  
     
   
  
       73,356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Nine years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       65,261 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,029 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Ten years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       66,162 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency on net reserves held 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,356) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,443) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,462) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,071) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,307) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (703) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency related to asbestos 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      and environmental (A&E) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,019) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,951) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,799) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (297) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency excluding A&E 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,215) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,443) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,701) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,010) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,936) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (579) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Paid (Cumulative) as of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      One year later 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,910 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,326 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,862 
   
  
     
   
  
       16,531 
   
  
     
   
  
       24,267 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,919 
   
  
     
   
  
       17,661 
   
  
     
   
  
       19,235 
   
  
     
   
  
       18,758 
   
  
     
   
  
       17,745 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Two years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       24,377 
   
  
     
   
  
       25,152 
   
  
     
   
  
       24,388 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,791 
   
  
     
   
  
       36,164 
   
  
     
   
  
       28,428 
   
  
     
   
  
       30,620 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,766 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,265 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Three years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,296 
   
  
     
   
  
       32,295 
   
  
     
   
  
       34,647 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,401 
   
  
     
   
  
       46,856 
   
  
     
   
  
       38,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       41,464 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Four years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       36,804 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,380 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,447 
   
  
     
   
  
       48,520 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,616 
   
  
     
   
  
       45,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       47,379 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Five years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       43,162 
   
  
     
   
  
       44,473 
   
  
     
   
  
       46,474 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,593 
   
  
     
   
  
       58,513 
   
  
     
   
  
       51,104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Six years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       46,330 
   
  
     
   
  
       49,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       50,391 
   
  
     
   
  
       57,686 
   
  
     
   
  
       62,734 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Seven years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       50,462 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,243 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,545 
   
  
     
   
  
       61,221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Eight years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,214 
   
  
     
   
  
       54,332 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,424 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Nine years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,693 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,516 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Ten years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       55,375 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   20 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Reserves (Undiscounted) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,787 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,366 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,829 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Discount 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,342 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,474 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,797 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,978 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,143 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,309 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,516 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,701 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,445 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,039 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,941 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Liability, End of Year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,894 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,717 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,030 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,689 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance Recoverable, End of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,648 
   
  
 
   
   Gross Liability, End of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,337 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Net Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   84,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,031 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Reinsurance Recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,765 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Gross Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   95,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   93,740 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,795 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Redundancy (Deficiency) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24,497) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15,298) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,912) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,158) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,060) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,647) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   628 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,399) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (693) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) During
2009, we deconsolidated Transatlantic Holdings, Inc. and sold 21st Century
Insurance Group and HSB Group, Inc. The sales and deconsolidation are reflected
in the table above as a reduction in December 31, 2009 net reserves of $9.7
billion and as an $8.6 billion increase in paid losses for the years 2000
through 2008 to remove the reserves for these divested entities from the ending
balance. 

 (b) The
increase in Net Reserves Held from 2009 to 2010 is partially due to the $1.7
billion in Net Reserves Held by Fuji Fire, which was acquired in 2010.  The
decrease in 2011 is due to the cession of asbestos reserves described in Item
7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies— Asbestos
and Environmental Reserves. 

 The Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
as reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2014 differs from
the total reserves reported in the annual statements filed with state insurance
departments and, when applicable, with foreign regulatory authorities primarily
for the following reasons:  

 •       
 Reserves for certain foreign operations are not required or permitted to
be reported in the United States for statutory reporting purposes, including
contingency reserves for catastrophic events;  

 •       
 Statutory practices in the United States require reserves to be shown
net of applicable reinsurance recoverable; and  

 •       
 Unlike statutory financial statements, our consolidated liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses excludes the effect of intercompany
transactions. 

 Gross loss reserves are calculated without reduction for
reinsurance recoverable and represent the accumulation of estimates for
reported losses and IBNR, net of estimated salvage and subrogation. We review
the adequacy of established gross loss reserves in the manner previously
described for net loss reserves. A reconciliation of activity in the Liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is included in Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 For further discussion of asbestos and environmental
reserves, see Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance
Companies— Asbestos and Environmental Reserves. 

 Reinsurance
Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital
adequacy and mitigate the insurance loss exposure related to certain events
such as natural and man-made catastrophes. 

 Our subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting
and accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a
portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to
the extent those risks exceed the desired retention level.   In
addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting transactions, we are
required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to
specified reinsurance entities, such as captives, other insurers, local
reinsurers and compulsory pools. 

 Over the last several years, the Non-Life Insurance Companies
revised the ceded reinsurance framework and strategy to improve capital
management and support our global product line risk and profitability
objectives.  As a result of adopting the revised framework and strategy,
many individual reinsurance contracts were consolidated into more efficient
global programs and reinsurance ceded to third parties in support of risk and
capital management objectives has decreased for the full year  
 


 
  
   
   21 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 2014 compared to 2013. We continually evaluate the
relative attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and
different markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability
objectives.  

 Reinsurance markets include: 

 •    
 Traditional local and global reinsurance markets including those in the
United States, Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through
reinsurance intermediaries; 

 •    
 Capital markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized
reinsurance transactions, such as catastrophe bonds, sidecars and similar
vehicles; and  

 •    
 Other insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 

 The form of reinsurance that we may choose from time to time
will generally depend on whether we are seeking:  

 •      proportional
reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified percentage of premium and losses to
reinsurers;  

 •      non-proportional
or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or  

 •    
 facultative contracts that reinsure individual policies.  

 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from
their direct obligations to insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program
substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses. 

 In certain markets, we are required to participate on a
proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct
writings in those markets.  Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers
higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake,
as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers’ compensation. 

 In 2014, we continued our strategy to take advantage of the
pricing differential between traditional reinsurance markets and capital
markets. In December 2014, we entered into capital markets reinsurance
transactions, effective as of January 1, 2015, with Tradewynd Re Ltd., which
will provide $500 million of indemnity reinsurance protection against U.S.,
Caribbean, Canadian, Mexican and Gulf of Mexico named storms and U.S.,
Caribbean, Mexican and Canadian earthquakes.  To fund its potential
obligations to AIG, Tradewynd Re Ltd. issued three tranches of notes, one with
a one-year term and two with three-year terms.  The transaction provides
fully collateralized coverage against losses from the events described above on
a per-occurrence basis through December 2015 (on the one-year tranche) and
December 2017 (on the three-year tranches). As of January 2015, our outstanding
catastrophe bond issuances result in us having $925 million of indemnity
reinsurance protection outstanding in the capital markets.  

 See Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk
Management – Insurance Operations Risks – Non-Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks – Reinsurance Recoverable for a summary of
significant reinsurers. 

 REGULATion   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our
operations around the world are subject to regulation by many different types
of regulatory authorities, including insurance, securities, derivatives,
investment advisory and thrift regulators in the United States and abroad. 

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and jurisdictions in which they do business.  The
insurance and financial services industries generally have been subject to
heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision in recent years. 


 


 
  
   
   22 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table provides a general
overview of our primary regulators and related bodies and a brief description
of their oversight with respect to us and our subsidiaries, including key
regulations or initiatives that we are currently, or may in the future be,
subject to. Such regulations and initiatives, both in the United States and
abroad, are discussed in more detail following the table. 

 
  
   
   U.S. Federal
  Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB):  Oversees
  and regulates financial institutions, including nonbank systemically
  important financial institutions (nonbank SIFIs). We are currently subject to
  the FRB’s examination, supervision and enforcement authority, and certain
  reporting requirements, as a nonbank SIFI. 
   Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC): 
  Charters, regulates and supervises all national banks and federal savings
  associations. The OCC supervises and regulates AIG Federal Savings Bank, our trust-only
  federal thrift subsidiary. 
   Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC):  Oversees
  and regulates the U.S. securities and security-based swap markets, U.S.
  mutual funds, U.S. broker-dealers and U.S. investment advisors. Principal
  regulator of the mutual funds offered by our broker-dealer subsidiaries. The
  SEC is in the process of implementing rules and regulations governing
  reporting, execution and margin requirements for security-based swaps entered
  into within the U.S or by U.S. persons. Our security-based   swap activities conducted by GCM are likely to be subject
  to certain of these rules and regulations .   
   Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC): 
  Oversees and regulates the U.S. swap, commodities and futures markets. The
  CFTC has begun implementing and is continuing to implement rules and
  regulations governing reporting, execution, margin and other requirements for
  swaps entered into within the U.S. or involving U.S. persons. Our swap
  activities conducted by GCM are subject to certain of these rules and
  regulations. 
   Dodd-Frank Wall Street
  Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank):  Dodd-Frank has effected
  comprehensive changes to financial services regulation and subjects us, or may
  subject us, as applicable, to additional federal regulation, including: 
   •    
   enhanced prudential standards for nonbank SIFIs (including minimum
  leverage and risk-based capital requirements, capital planning, stress tests,
  liquidity requirements, corporate governance requirements, contingent capital
  requirements, counterparty credit limits, an early remediation regime process
  and recovery and resolution planning); 
   •    
   limitations on proprietary trading or covered fund activities, if the
  FRB decides to impose certain elements of Section 619 of Dodd-Frank (referred
  to as the “Volcker Rule”) on nonbank SIFIs;  
   •    
   financial sector concentration limits; and 
   •    
   increased regulation and restrictions on derivatives markets and
  transactions. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. State
  Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   State Insurance
  Regulators:  Our insurance
  subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the states and
  other jurisdictions in which they do business. Regulation is generally
  derived from statutes that delegate supervisory and regulatory powers to a
  state insurance regulator, and  primarily relates to the insurer’s
  financial condition, corporate conduct and market conduct activities. 
   NAIC Standards:  The National Association of
  Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) is a standard-setting and regulatory support
  organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulators from the
  50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories. The NAIC
  itself is not a regulator, but through the NAIC, state insurance regulators
  establish standards and best practices, conduct peer review and coordinate
  regulatory oversight. 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   Financial Stability Board (FSB):  Consists of
  representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 nations. The FSB
  itself is not a regulator, but it coordinates the
  work of national financial authorities and international standard-setting
  bodies and develops and promotes implementation of regulatory, supervisory
  and other financial policies. 
   International Association of Insurance Supervisors
  (IAIS):  Represents insurance regulators and supervisors of more than 200
  jurisdictions in nearly 140 countries and seeks to promote globally
  consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS itself is not a
  regulator, but the FSB has directed the IAIS to create standards on issues
  such as financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, systemic
  economic risk and corporate governance and incorporate them into IAIS’
  Insurance Core Principles (ICPs). The FSB also charged IAIS with developing a
  template for measuring systemic risks posed by insurer groups. Based on IAIS’
  assessment template, the FSB identified AIG as a global systemically
  important insurer (G-SII), which may subject us to a policy framework that
  includes recovery and resolution planning requirements, enhanced group-wide supervision,
  enhanced liquidity and strategic risk management planning, basic capital
  requirements and higher loss absorbency capital requirements. The IAIS is
  also developing ComFrame, a Common Framework for the Supervision of
  Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs), which includes additional
  supervisory oversight based on its ICPs but also adds requirements and
  supervisory processes pertaining to the international business activities of
  IAIGs.  In connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the process of
  developing a risk-based global insurance capital standard applicable to
  IAIGs.  AIG currently meets the parameters set forth to define an IAIG.  
   European Union (EU):  Certain financial services
  firms with regulated entities in the EU, such as us, are subject to
  supplementary supervision, which seeks to enable supervisors to perform
  consolidated insurance group supervision at the level of the ultimate parent
  entity. The objective of supplementary supervision is to detect, monitor,
  manage and control group risks. The UK Prudential Regulatory Authority, the
  United Kingdom’s prudential regulator, is our EU supervisory coordinator. In
  addition, the Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG’s European
  operations for consumer protection and competition matters. The EU has also
  established a set of regulatory requirements for EU derivatives activities
  under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) that include,
  among other things, risk mitigation, risk management and regulatory
  reporting, which are effective, and clearing requirements expected to become
  effective in 2015. 
   The EU’s Solvency II Directive (2009/138/EEC) (Solvency
  II), which is expected to become effective in 2016, includes minimum capital
  and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and
  public reporting standards. The impact on us will depend on whether the U.S.
  insurance regulatory regime is deemed “equivalent” to Solvency II; if the
  U.S. insurance regulatory regime is not equivalent, then we could be subjected
  to Solvency II standards. 
   Regulation of Foreign Insurance Company Subsidiaries:  Generally,
  our subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local
  regulatory requirements. Our foreign operations are also regulated in various
  jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy language and terms,
  advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount and type of
  reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of local
  investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
  participating policies. Some foreign countries also regulate rates on various
  types of policies. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   23 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 Federal Reserve
Supervision 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Due to the determination of the Financial Stability
Oversight Council (Council) that we should be regulated by the FRB as a nonbank
SIFI pursuant to Section 113 of Dodd-Frank, we have been since July 2013
subject to the FRB’s examination, supervision and enforcement authority, and
certain reporting requirements as a nonbank SIFI. Dodd-Frank requires that the
Council reevaluate its determination annually; however, the Council’s 2014
annual reevaluation did not result in a change to our nonbank SIFI status, and
we remain regulated by the FRB. 

 Dodd-Frank has effected comprehensive changes to the
regulation of financial services in the United States and subjects us to
substantial additional federal regulation. Dodd-Frank directs existing and
newly-created government agencies and oversight bodies to promulgate
regulations implementing the law, an ongoing process that is under way and is
anticipated to continue over the next few years.  

 As required by Dodd-Frank, the FRB has adopted enhanced
prudential standards (including minimum leverage and risk-based capital
requirements, requirements to submit annual capital plans to the FRB
demonstrating the ability to satisfy the required capital ratios under baseline
and stressed conditions, and stress-testing requirements )  for
bank holding companies with $50 billion (and in some cases, $10 billion) or
more in total consolidated assets and certain foreign banking organizations .  The FRB  
 


 
  
   
   24 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 has also adopted liquidity
coverage ratio and supplemental leverage ratio requirements for a subset of
large banking organizations. These requirements do not apply to nonbank
SIFIs.  Dodd-Frank authorizes the FRB to tailor its application of
enhanced prudential standards to different companies on an individual basis or
by category, and the FRB has indicated that it intends to assess the business
model, capital structure and risk profile of nonbank SIFIs to determine how
enhanced prudential standards should apply to them, and, if appropriate, to
tailor the application of these standards for nonbank SIFIs by order or regulation.
We cannot predict what enhanced prudential standards the FRB will promulgate
for nonbank SIFIs, either generally or as applicable to insurance businesses. The
FRB has exercised general examination, supervision and enforcement authority
over us since we were determined to be a nonbank SIFI in July 2013.  The FRB
has focused its general supervisory authority over us in several areas,
including financial and control related reporting, oversight of a capital
planning and capital analysis and review process, model governance and
validation, operational risk management, recovery planning and resolution
planning.  We cannot predict how the FRB’s continuing exercise of its general
supervisory authority over us as a nonbank SIFI will develop, although the FRB
could, as a prudential matter, for example, limit our ability to pay dividends,
repurchase shares of AIG Common Stock or acquire or enter into other
businesses. We cannot predict with certainty the requirements of the
regulations ultimately adopted or how or whether Dodd-Frank and such
regulations will affect the financial markets generally, impact our businesses,
results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, or require us to
raise additional capital or result in a downgrade of our credit ratings. In
2014, the FRB conducted a quantitative impact study to evaluate the potential
effects of a revised regulatory capital framework on nonbank SIFIs that are
substantially engaged in insurance underwriting activity.  The FRB has not
released any results or conclusions related to this study.  We also note
that in December 2014, Congress adopted changes to Section 171 of Dodd-Frank in
order to clarify that the FRB has the flexibility to tailor capital rules
specifically for certain insurance activities and is not bound to impose
capital standards and quantitative requirements generally applicable to insured
depository institutions and bank holding companies.  We cannot predict
with any certainty, however, what capital rules, if any, the FRB may impose on
insurers. 

 As a nonbank SIFI, we anticipate we will be subject to: 

 •    
 stress tests to determine whether, on a consolidated basis, we have the
capital necessary to absorb losses due to adverse economic conditions; 

 •    
 stricter prudential standards, including stricter requirements and
limitations relating to risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity and credit
exposure, as well as overall risk management requirements;  

 •    
 management interlock prohibitions and a requirement to maintain a plan
for rapid and orderly resolution in the event of severe financial distress
(requirements that we are already subject to); and  

 •    
 an early remediation regime process to be administered by the FRB. 

 Furthermore, if the Council were to make an additional
separate determination that AIG poses a “grave threat” to U.S. financial
stability, we would be required to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of no more
than 15:1 and the FRB may: 

 •    
 limit our ability to merge with, acquire, consolidate with, or become
affiliated with another company; 

 •    
 restrict our ability to offer specified financial products; 

 •    
 require us to terminate specified activities; 

 •    
 impose conditions on how we conduct our activities; and 

 •    
 with approval of the Council, and a determination that the foregoing
actions are inadequate to mitigate a threat to U.S. financial stability,
require us to sell or otherwise transfer assets or off-balance-sheet items to
unaffiliated entities. 

 As part of its general prudential supervisory powers, the FRB
has the authority to limit our ability to conduct activities that would
otherwise be permissible for us to engage in if we do not satisfy certain
requirements. In addition, if we were to seek to acquire a stake in certain
financial companies, Dodd-Frank would require us to obtain the prior
authorization of the FRB. 

 Other Effects
of Dodd-Frank 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In addition, Dodd-Frank may also have the following effects
on us: 


 


 
  
   
   25 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 •    
 As a nonbank SIFI, we are currently required to provide on an annual
basis (or more frequently, if required) to the FRB and FDIC a plan for our rapid
and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure,
which must, among other things, provide a detailed resolution strategy and
analyses of our material entities, organizational structure, interconnections
and interdependencies, and management information systems.  We continue to
update and refine our resolution plan, which was originally submitted to
regulators on July 1, 2014. Our next resolution plan is required to be
submitted to the FRB and FDIC on July 1, 2015. If the FRB and FDIC jointly
determine, based on their review of the plan, that it is not credible or would
not facilitate our orderly resolution under the bankruptcy code, they may
require us to re-submit an amended plan.  If the re-submitted plan also fails
to meet regulatory expectations, the FRB and FDIC may exercise their authority
under Dodd-Frank to impose more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity
requirements, restrict our growth, activities, or operations, require us to
divest assets and operations, or otherwise increase their level of supervision
of us. 

 •    
 The Council may recommend that state insurance regulators or other
regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or
practices that we and other insurers or other financial services companies
engage in.  

 •    
 Title II of Dodd-Frank provides that a financial company whose largest
United States subsidiary is an insurer (such as us) may be subject to a special
resolution process outside the federal bankruptcy code. That process is to be administered
by the FDIC upon a coordinated determination by the director of the Federal
Insurance Office and the FRB, either at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury or on their own initiative, and in consultation with the FDIC, that
such a financial company is in default or in danger of default and presents a
systemic risk to U.S. financial stability.  

 •    
 Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation of and
restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions that could affect various
activities of AIG and its insurance and financial services subsidiaries,
including (i) regulatory reporting for swaps (which are regulated by the CFTC)
and security-based swaps (which are regulated by the SEC), (ii) mandated
clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated
exchanges or electronic facilities for certain swaps and security-based swaps
and (iii) margin and collateral requirements.  Although the CFTC has not yet
finalized certain requirements, many other requirements have taken effect, such
as swap reporting, the mandatory clearing of certain interest rate swaps and
credit default swaps, and the mandatory trading of certain swaps on swap
execution facilities or exchanges. The SEC has proposed, but not yet finalized,
rules with respect to certain of the regulations and restrictions noted above governing
security-based swaps. These regulations have affected and may further affect
various activities of AIG and its insurance and financial services subsidiaries
as rules are finalized to implement additional elements of the regulatory
regime. 

 Similar regulations have been
proposed or adopted outside the United States.  For instance, the EU has also
established a set of new regulatory requirements for EU derivatives activities
under EMIR. These requirements include, among other things, various risk
mitigation, risk management and regulatory reporting requirements that have
already become effective and clearing requirements that are expected to become
effective in 2015. These requirements could result in increased administrative
costs with respect to our EU derivatives activities and overlapping or
inconsistent regulation depending on the ultimate application of cross-border
regulatory requirements between and among U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

 •    
 Dodd-Frank mandated a study to determine whether stable value contracts
should be included in the definition of "swap." If that study
concludes that stable value contracts are swaps, Dodd-Frank authorizes certain
federal regulators to determine whether an exemption from the definition of a
swap for stable value contracts is appropriate and in the public interest.
Certain of our affiliates participate in the stable value contract business. We
cannot predict what regulations might emanate from the aforementioned study or
be promulgated applicable to this business in the future.  

 •    
 Dodd-Frank established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the
United States Department of the Treasury (Department of the Treasury) headed by
a director appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. While not having a
general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, the
director of this office performs various functions with respect to insurance
(other than health insurance), including serving as a non-voting member of the
Council. On December 12, 2013, the FIO released a Dodd-Frank mandated study on
how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the United
States. The report concluded that the uniformity and efficiency of the current
state based regulatory system could be improved and highlighted areas in which
Federal involvement is recommended. In the near-term, the FIO recommended that
the states undertake reforms regarding capital adequacy, reform of insurer
resolution practices, and marketplace regulation. 

 •    
 Dodd-Frank established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)
as an independent bureau within the FRB to regulate consumer financial products
and services offered primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Insurance products and services are not within the CFPB's general jurisdiction,
although the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban  
 


 
  
   
   26 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 Development
has since transferred authority to the CFPB to investigate mortgage insurance
practices. Broker-dealers and investment advisers are not subject to the CFPB's
jurisdiction when acting in their registered capacity.  

 •    
 Title XIV of Dodd-Frank also restricts certain terms for mortgage loans,
such as loan fees, prepayment fees and other charges, and imposes certain duties
on a lender to ensure that a borrower can afford to repay the loan.  

 Dodd-Frank imposes various assessments on financial
companies, including, as applicable to us, fees for our supervision by the FRB
and assessments to cover the costs of any special resolution of a financial
company conducted under Title II (although the regulatory authority would have
to take account of the amounts paid by us into state guaranty funds).  

 We cannot predict whether these actions will become effective
or the effect they may have on the financial markets or on our business,
results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and credit ratings.
However, it is possible that such effect could be materially adverse. See Item
1A. Risk Factors — Regulation for additional information. 

 Other
Regulatory Developments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As described
below, AIG has been designated as a Global Systemically Important Insurer
(G-SII).   

 In addition to the adoption of
Dodd-Frank in the United States, regulators and lawmakers around the world are continuing
to review the causes of the financial crisis and taking steps to avoid similar
problems in the future. The FSB, consisting of representatives of national
financial authorities of the G20 nations, has issued a series of frameworks and
recommendations intended to produce significant changes in how financial
companies, particularly global systemically important financial institutions,
should be regulated. These frameworks and recommendations address such issues
as financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, systemic
economic risk, corporate governance including compensation, and a number of
related issues associated with responses to the financial crisis. The FSB has
directed the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (the IAIS,
headquartered in Basel, Switzerland) to create standards relative to these
areas and incorporate them within that body’s Insurance Core Principles (ICPs).
IAIS’s ICPs form the baseline threshold against which countries’ financial
services regulatory efforts in the insurance sector are measured. That
measurement is made by periodic Financial Sector Assessment Program (FSAP)
reviews conducted by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund and the
reports thereon spur the development of country-specific additional or amended
regulatory changes. Lawmakers and regulatory authorities in a number of
jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries conduct business have already begun
implementing legislative and regulatory changes consistent with these recommendations,
including proposals governing consolidated regulation of insurance holding
companies by the Financial Services Agency in Japan, financial and banking
regulation adopted in France and compensation regulations proposed or adopted
by the financial regulators in Germany and the United Kingdom Prudential
Regulation Authority.  

 The FSB has also charged the IAIS with developing a
template for measuring systemic risks posed by insurer groups. The IAIS has
requested data from selected insurers around the world to determine which
elements of the insurance sector, if any, could materially and adversely impact
other parts of the global financial services sector (e.g., commercial and
investment banking, securities trading, etc.).  The IAIS has provided its assessment
template to the FSB.  Based on this assessment template, on July 18, 2013, the
FSB, in consultation with the IAIS and national authorities, identified an
initial list of G-SIIs, which includes AIG.  G-SIIs will be designated on an
annual basis, and AIG was redesignated as a G-SII by the FSB on November 6,
2014.  The IAIS intends G-SIIs to be subject to a policy framework that
includes recovery and resolution planning requirements, enhanced group-wide
supervision, enhanced liquidity and strategic risk management planning; basic
capital requirements and higher loss absorbency (HLA) capital requirements. The
IAIS finalized its basic capital requirement (BCR) in October 2014.  The BCR
covers all group activities and is required to be reported to national authorities
on a confidential basis beginning in 2015.  The BCR will serve as the initial
foundation for the application of HLA capital requirements, which the IAIS
intends to be calculated in part based on engagement in non-traditional and
non-insurance activities. It is expected that the IAIS will develop HLA capital
requirements by the end of 2015 and the G-SII policy framework will be fully
implemented by 2019. 

 The IAIS is also developing ComFrame, a Common Framework
for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs), which
includes additional supervisory oversight based on its ICPs but also adds
requirements and supervisory processes pertaining to the international business
activities of IAIGs.  In connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the
process of developing a risk-based global insurance capital standard (ICS)
applicable to IAIGs.  As currently delineated under ComFrame, AIG meets the
parameters set forth to define an IAIG.  ComFrame requirements are
expected to be finalized in  
 


 
  
   
   27 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 2018, and the IAIS is
conducting a field testing of ComFrame, including the ICS, ahead of that
deadline.  It is expected that implementation of ComFrame and the ICS
would begin in 2019. 

 Legislation in the European
Union could also affect our international insurance operations. The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) (Solvency II), which was adopted on November 25, 2009
and is expected to become effective on January 1, 2016, reforms the insurance
industry’s solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency
requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting
standards. Solvency II is expected to be accompanied by Omnibus II, an EU
proposal for a directive that also contains provisions for the capital
treatment of products with long-term guarantees. Additionally, the European
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority recently introduced interim
guidelines effective January 1, 2014 that provide regulators in EU Member
States with a framework to ensure that insurers make demonstrable progress
towards meeting Solvency II requirements in 2016. The impact on us will depend
on whether the U.S. insurance regulatory regime is deemed “equivalent” to
Solvency II; if the U.S. insurance regulatory regime is not equivalent, then
we, along with other U.S.-based insurance companies, could be required to be
supervised under Solvency II standards. Whether the U.S. insurance regulatory
regime will be deemed “equivalent” is still under consideration by European
authorities and remains uncertain, so we are not currently able to predict the
impact of Solvency II. 

 We expect that the regulations
applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the
foreseeable future.  

 Regulation of
Insurance Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain states and other jurisdictions require registration
and periodic reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in such
jurisdictions and are controlled by other entities. Applicable legislation
typically requires periodic disclosure concerning the entity that controls the
registered insurer and the other companies in the holding company system and
prior approval of intercompany services and transfers of assets, including in
some instances payment of dividends by the insurance subsidiary, within the
holding company system. Our subsidiaries are registered under such legislation
in those jurisdictions that have such requirements.  

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and by other jurisdictions in which they do business.
Within the United States, the method of such regulation varies but generally
has its source in statutes that delegate regulatory and supervisory powers to
an insurance official. The regulation and supervision relate primarily to the
financial condition of the insurers and their corporate conduct and market
conduct activities. This includes approval of policy forms and rates, the
standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, including with respect
to risk-based capital, the licensing of insurers and their agents, the nature
of and limitations on investments, restrictions on the size of risks that may
be insured under a single policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of
policyholders, requirements for acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations
of the affairs of insurance companies, the form and content of reports of
financial condition required to be filed, reserves for unearned premiums,
losses and other purposes and enterprise risk management and corporate
governance requirements. In general, such regulation is for the protection of
policyholders rather than the equity owners of these companies.  

 In the U.S., the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) formula is designed
to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the
risks inherent in its business. Virtually every state has adopted, in
substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the NAIC, which allows
states to act upon the results of RBC calculations, and provides for four
incremental levels of regulatory action regarding insurers whose RBC
calculations fall below specific thresholds. Those levels of action range from
the requirement to submit a plan describing how an insurer would regain a
specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. The RBC
formula computes a risk-adjusted surplus level by applying discrete factors to
various asset, premium and reserve items. These factors are developed to be
risk-sensitive so that higher factors are applied to items exposed to greater
risk.  The statutory surplus of each of our U.S.-based Non-Life Insurance
Companies and Life Insurance Companies exceeded RBC minimum required levels as
of December 31, 2014.  

 If any of our insurance entities fell below prescribed levels
of statutory surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital
or other types of support to that entity. For additional information, see Item
7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Liquidity and Capital Resources
of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries — Non-Life Insurance Companies and — Life
Insurance Companies. 


 


 
  
   
   28 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 The NAIC’s Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to
establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies with
long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with secondary
guarantees (ULSGs). NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the
application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including certain ULSGs.
See Item 1A – Risk Factors and Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for risks and additional information related to these statutory reserving
requirements.  

 The NAIC has undertaken the Solvency Modernization Initiative
(SMI) which focuses on a review of insurance solvency regulations throughout
the U.S. financial regulatory system and is expected to lead to a set of
long-term solvency modernization goals. SMI is broad in scope, but the NAIC has
stated that its focus will include the U.S. solvency framework, group solvency
issues, capital requirements, international accounting and regulatory
standards, reinsurance and corporate governance. 

 A substantial portion of our business is conducted in foreign
countries. The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions
varies. Generally, our subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements, licenses issued by foreign authorities
to our subsidiaries are subject to modification or revocation by such
authorities, and therefore these subsidiaries could be prevented from
conducting business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently
operate.  

 In addition to licensing requirements, our foreign operations
are also regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy
language and terms, advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount
and type of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of
local investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
participating policies. Some foreign countries regulate rates on various types
of policies. Certain countries have established reinsurance institutions,
wholly or partially owned by the local government, to which admitted insurers
are obligated to cede a portion of their business on terms that may not always
allow foreign insurers, including our subsidiaries, full compensation. In some
countries, regulations governing constitution of technical reserves and
remittance balances may hinder remittance of profits and repatriation of
assets.  

 See Item 7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources —
Regulation and Supervision and Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 


 


 
  
   
   29 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 



 
 AVAILABLE
INFORMATION ABOUT AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our
corporate website is  www.aig.com .
 We make available free of charge, through the Investor Information section
of our corporate website, the following reports (and related amendments as
filed with the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are
electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC:  

 •    
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K 

 •    
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q  

 •    
 Current Reports on Form 8-K 

 •    
 Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, as well as other filings with
the SEC 

 Also available on our corporate website: 

 •    
 Charters for Board Committees:  Audit, Nominating and Corporate
Governance, Compensation and Management Resources, Risk and Capital,
Regulatory, Compliance and Public Policy, and Technology Committees  

 •    
 Corporate Governance Guidelines  ( which include Director
Independence Standards )  

 •    
 Director, Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officer Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (we will post on our website any amendment or
waiver to this Code within the time period required by the SEC) 

 •    
 Employee Code of Conduct 

 •    
 Related‑Party Transactions Approval Policy  

 Except for the documents
specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
information contained on our website or that can be accessed through our
website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Reference to our website is made as an inactive textual
reference. 








 
 


 
  
   
   30 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 ITEM 1A /  RISK FACTORs  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investing in
AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should carefully
consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could have a
significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant
fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers
should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of
all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered
carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the
other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could
occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of
certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of
others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact
of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

 MARKET
CONDITIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Difficult conditions in the
global capital markets and the economy may materially and adversely affect our
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
Our businesses are highly dependent on the economic environment, both in the
U.S. and around the world. Extreme market events, such as the global financial
crisis during 2008 and 2009, have at times led, and could in the future lead,
to a lack of liquidity, highly volatile markets, a steep depreciation in asset
values across all classes, an erosion of investor and public confidence, and a
widening of credit spreads. Concerns and events beyond our control, such as
uncertainty as to the U.S. debt ceiling, the continued funding of the U.S.
government, U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, the U.S. housing market, oil
prices and concerns about European sovereign debt risk and the European banking
industry, have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect liquidity,
increase volatility, decrease asset prices, erode confidence and lead to wider
credit spreads. Difficult economic conditions could also result in increased
unemployment and a severe decline in business across a wide range of industries
and regions. These market and economic factors could have a material adverse
effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 

 Under difficult economic or market conditions, we could
experience reduced demand for our products and an elevated incidence of claims
and lapses or surrenders of policies. Contract holders may choose to defer or
cease paying insurance premiums. Other ways in which we could be negatively
affected by economic conditions include, but are not limited to: 

 •    
 declines in the valuation and performance of our investment portfolio,
including declines attributable to rapid increases in interest rates; 

 •    
 increased credit losses; 

 •    
 declines in the value of other assets; 

 •    
 impairments of goodwill and other long-lived assets; 

 •    
 additional statutory capital requirements; 

 •    
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets; 

 •    
 a decline in new business levels and renewals; 

 •    
 a decline in insured values caused by a decrease in activity at client
organizations; 

 •    
 an increase in liability for future policy benefits due to loss
recognition on certain long-duration insurance contracts; 

 •    
 higher borrowing costs and more limited availability of credit; 

 •    
 an increase in policy surrenders and cancellations; and 

 •    
 a write-off of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC). 

 Sustained
low interest rates may materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Recent periods have been
characterized by low interest rates relative to historical levels.   Sustained
low interest rates can negatively affect the performance of our investment
securities and reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment
portfolios. If a low interest rate environment persists, we may experience
slower investment income growth. Due to practical and capital markets
limitations, we may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by
matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. Continued low
interest rates could also impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the
pricing and the reserving  
 


 
  
   
   31 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 for our products at the time
they were sold and issued. Changes in interest rates may be correlated with
inflation trends, which would impact our loss trends. 

 Investment
Portfolio, Concentration of Investments, Insurance and other Exposures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The performance and value of our
investment portfolio  are
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest
rates .    Our investment
securities are subject to market risks and uncertainties. In particular,
interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary
policies, domestic and international economic and political issues and other
factors beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or other factors may
cause interest rates to rise, which would adversely affect the value of the
fixed income securities that we hold and could adversely affect our ability to
sell these securities. In addition, the evaluation of available-for-sale
securities for other-than-temporary impairments, which may occur if interest
rates rise, is a quantitative and qualitative process that is subject to
significant management judgment. For a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to
certain market risk factors, see Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management
– Market Risk Management. Furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio
includes investments for which changes in fair value are reported through
operating income and are therefore subject to significant volatility.  In an
economic downturn or declining market, the reduction in our investment income
due to decreases in the fair value of alternative investments could have a
material adverse effect on operating income. 

 Our investment
portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy.  Our
results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in
the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our
investment portfolio. We have concentrations in real estate and real
estate-related securities, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial
mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage
loans. We also have significant exposures to financial institutions and, in
particular, to money center and global banks; certain industries, such as
energy and utilities; U.S. state and local government issuers and authorities;
PICC Group, PICC P&C and AerCap, as a result of our strategic investments;
and Euro Zone financial institutions, governments and corporations. Events or
developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset
class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect
our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our
ability to sell assets concentrated in such areas may be limited. 

 Concentration
of our insurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. 
We may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our insurance policies,
derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for customers and
counterparties. We manage these concentration risks by monitoring the
accumulation of our exposures by factors such as exposure type, industry,
geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We also seek to use
reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that
exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain circumstances, however, these
risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may
prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. Also, our exposure may be so
large that even a slightly adverse experience compared to our expectations may
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or
financial condition, or result in additional statutory capital requirements for
our subsidiaries. 

 Our valuation of investment
securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are
subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment
valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity.   During
periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our
investment securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data
becomes less observable. There may be cases where certain assets in normally
active markets with significant observable data become inactive with
insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or market
conditions in effect at that time. As a result, valuations may include inputs
and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and
judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. These values may
not be realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset
and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation
assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an inability to realize
that value in a market transaction or secured lending transaction may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 


 


 
  
   
   32 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Reserves and Exposures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our consolidated results of
operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the
effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events.  Events such
as hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, acts of terrorism, explosions
and fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and other highly contagious
diseases, mass torts and other catastrophes have adversely affected our
business in the past and could do so in the future. In addition, we recognize
the scientific consensus that climate change is a reality of increasing
concern, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming
atmosphere and ocean, diminished snow and ice, and sea level rise. We
understand that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat to
society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas such
as catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions. Because there
is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change, we
cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may impact
our business.     

 Such catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations, could
expose us to: 

 •    
 widespread claim costs associated with property, workers’ compensation,
A&H, business interruption and mortality and morbidity claims; 

 •    
 loss resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; 

 •    
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;  

 •    
 loss resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to
the assumptions made in product pricing;  

 •    
 declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other
entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with
and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers, and declines in the value of
investments; and  

 •    
 significant interruptions to our systems and operations. 

 Catastrophic events are generally unpredictable.  Our
exposure to catastrophes depends on various factors, including the frequency
and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value and
geographic concentration of insured property and people. Vendor models and
proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage catastrophe
exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or
estimates.   

 In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and
court decisions following major catastrophes could require us to pay the
insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit
the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated catastrophe claims. 

 For further details on potential catastrophic events,
including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see
Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management —Insurance
Operations Risks. 

 Insurance
liabilities are difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for
losses and loss expenses.  We regularly review the adequacy of the
established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and
conduct extensive analyses of our reserves during the year. Our loss reserves,
however, may develop adversely. Estimation of ultimate net losses, loss
expenses and loss reserves is a complex process, particularly for long-tail
casualty lines of business. These include, but are not limited to, general
liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental, workers'
compensation, excess casualty and crisis management coverages, insurance and
risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized
structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability,
Directors and Officers and products liability.  

 While we use a number of analytical reserve development
techniques to project future loss development, reserves may be significantly
affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were
relied upon in setting the reserves. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development
factors could be due to difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in
inflation, unemployment duration, or other social or economic factors affecting
claims, including the judicial environment. Any deviation in loss cost trends
or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period
of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident
year or number of years. For a further discussion of our loss reserves, see
Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves —Non-Life Insurance
Companies and Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities —
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Non-Life Insurance
Companies). 


 


 
  
   
   33 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Reinsurance may not be available or affordable and may not
be adequate to protect us against losses.  Our subsidiaries are
major purchasers of reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall
risk management strategy to optimize the allocation of our reinsurance between
traditional reinsurance markets and the capital markets, such as through the
utilization of catastrophe bonds, to manage risks more efficiently. While
reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay
claims for losses insured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable
to them for the reinsured portion of the risk. For this reason, reinsurance is
an important tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and
to mitigate losses from catastrophes. Market conditions beyond our control
determine the availability and cost of reinsurance. For example, reinsurance
may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year with a large number of
major catastrophes. As a result, we may, at certain times, be forced to incur
additional expenses for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient
reinsurance on acceptable terms. In that case, we would have to accept an
increase in exposure risk, reduce the amount of business written by our
subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits. Additionally,
we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries’ reinsurers to
the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured by collateral or does not
benefit from other credit enhancements. We also bear the risk that a reinsurer
may be unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverable for
any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not
reflect the intent of the parties of the contract, (ii) the terms of the
contract cannot be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of the contract are
interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than intended, (iv) the
reinsurance transaction performs differently than we anticipated due to a
flawed design of the reinsurance structure, terms or conditions, or (v) a
change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and
regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance transaction. The insolvency
of one or more of our reinsurers, or inability or unwillingness to make timely
payments under the terms of our contracts, could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and liquidity. Additionally, the use of
catastrophe bonds may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional
reinsurance transactions and any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in the
catastrophe bond market, such as following a major catastrophe event, may limit
our ability to access such market on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, to
the extent that we intend to utilize catastrophe bond transactions based on an
industry loss index rather than on actual losses incurred by us, this would
result in residual risk. Our inability to obtain adequate reinsurance or other
protection   could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.  

 We currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist
attacks.  Further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism
is limited. As a result, we rely heavily on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act
(TRIA), which provides U.S. government risk assistance to the insurance
industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the United States.
TRIA was reauthorized in January 2015 and is scheduled to expire on December
31, 2020. Under TRIA, once our losses for certain acts of terrorism exceed a
deductible equal to 20 percent of our commercial property and casualty
insurance premiums for covered lines for the prior calendar year, the federal
government will reimburse us for losses in excess of our deductible, starting
at 85 percent of losses in 2015, and reducing by one percentage point each
year, ending at 80 percent in 2020, up to a total industry program limit of
$100 billion. TRIA does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as
consumer property and consumer casualty. 

 For additional information on our reinsurance recoverable,
see Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management — Insurance
Operations Risks — Reinsurance Recoverable.   

 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG
Parent’s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited. 
As a holding company, AIG Parent depends on dividends, distributions and other
payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends on AIG Common Stock and to
make payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding debt. The
majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Our
subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments or
advance funds to AIG Parent in the future because of the need to support their
own capital levels or because of regulatory limits. The inability of our
subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or distributions in an amount
sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an
adverse effect on our operations, our ability to pay dividends or our ability
to meet our debt service obligations. 

 Our internal sources of liquidity
may be insufficient to meet our needs.  We need liquidity to pay
our operating expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt obligations and to
meet any statutory capital requirements of our subsidiaries. If our liquidity
is insufficient to meet our needs, we may at the time need to have recourse to
third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity,
which may not be available or could be prohibitively expensive. The
availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on
a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of
trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and
our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is also possible  
 


 
  
   
   34 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 that,
as a result of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or
investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term
financial prospects. Disruptions, volatility and uncertainty in the financial
markets, and downgrades in our credit ratings, may limit our ability to access
external capital markets at times and on terms favorable to us to meet our
capital and liquidity needs or prevent our accessing the external capital
markets or other financing sources. For a further discussion of our liquidity,
see Item 7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

 AIG
Parent’s ability to support our subsidiaries is limited.   AIG Parent has in the past and expects to continue
to provide capital to our subsidiaries as necessary to maintain regulatory
capital ratios, comply with rating agency requirements and meet unexpected cash
flow obligations.  If AIG Parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a
subsidiary, the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could
be seized by its regulator.  

 Our
subsidiaries may not be able to generate cash to meet their needs due to the
illiquidity of some of their investments.  Our subsidiaries have
investments in certain securities that may be illiquid, including certain fixed
income securities and certain structured securities, private company
securities, investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage
loans, finance receivables and real estate. Collectively, investments in these
assets had a fair value of $60 billion at December 31, 2014. Adverse
real estate and capital markets, and tighter credit spreads, have in the past,
and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity of our other
securities portfolios, including our residential and commercial mortgage‑related
securities portfolios. In the event additional liquidity is required by one or
more of our subsidiaries and AIG Parent is unable to provide it, it may be
difficult for these subsidiaries to generate additional liquidity by selling,
pledging or otherwise monetizing these less liquid investments. 

 A
downgrade in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies
could prevent them from writing new business and retaining customers and
business.  Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings are an
important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance
companies. IFS ratings measure an insurance company’s ability to meet its
obligations to contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help maintain public
confidence in a company’s products, facilitate marketing of products and
enhance its competitive position. Downgrades of the IFS ratings of our
insurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more
difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, or result in
increased policy cancellations, termination of assumed reinsurance contracts,
or return of premiums. Under credit rating agency policies concerning the
relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a downgrade in AIG Parent’s
credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the IFS ratings of our insurance
subsidiaries. 

 A
downgrade in our credit ratings could require us to post additional collateral
and result in the termination of derivative transactions.  Credit
ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly
affect the cost and availability of financing. A downgrade of our long-term
debt ratings by the major rating agencies would require us to post additional
collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party,
and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions. This could
adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a
reporting period or our liquidity. In the event of further downgrades of two
notches to our long-term senior debt ratings, AIG would be required to post
additional collateral of $153 million, and certain of our counterparties would
be permitted to elect early termination of contracts. 

 Business and operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Interest
rate fluctuations, increased surrenders, declining investment returns and other
events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of DAC and
record additional liabilities for future policy benefits.  We incur significant
costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. DAC
represents deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the
successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. The
recovery of DAC is generally dependent upon the future profitability of the
related business, but DAC amortization varies based on the type of contract.
For long-duration traditional business, DAC is generally amortized in
proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience.  Actual lapses
in excess of expectations can result in an acceleration of DAC amortization. 

 DAC for investment-oriented products is generally amortized
in proportion to estimated gross profits.  Estimated gross profits are affected
by a number of assumptions, including current and expected interest rates, net
investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender
rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility.  If
actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected,
then the amortization of DAC would be accelerated in the period the actual
experience is known and would result in a charge to income.  For example, if
interest rates rise rapidly  
 


 
  
   
   35 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 and significantly,
customers with policies that have interest crediting rates below the current
market may seek competing products with higher returns and we may experience an
increase in surrenders and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, resulting
in a decrease in future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization
of DAC.  

 We also periodically review products for potential loss
recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products.  This review
involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires
significant management judgment about assumptions including mortality,
morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns, including
net realized capital gains (losses). If actual experience or estimates result
in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC
and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit
expense, which could negatively affect our results of operations.  For example,
realized gains on investment sales in 2013 and 2012 reduced future investment
margins and required the recognition of additional liabilities for certain
payout annuities.  For further discussion of DAC and future policy benefits,
see Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 9 and 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Certain of our products have guarantees that may increase
the volatility of our results.   We have annuity and life insurance products
that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death
benefits (GMDB), guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB), guaranteed minimum account value benefits (GMAV),
and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates tied to an index. For
GMDB, our most widely offered guaranteed benefit feature, the liabilities
included in Future policyholder benefits were $401 million and $355 million at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Our economic hedging program utilizes
derivative instruments, including equity options, futures contracts and
interest rate swap contracts, as well as other hedging instruments, and is
designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite
direction of changes in the GMWB and GMAV embedded derivative liabilities. The
fair value of GMWB and GMAV embedded derivatives included in Policyholder
contract deposits was a net liability of $957 million at December 31, 2014 and
a net asset of $37 million at December 31, 2013. Differences between the change
in fair value of GMWB and GMAV embedded derivatives and the hedging instruments
can be caused by extreme and unanticipated movements in the equity markets,
interest rates and market volatility, policyholder behavior and our inability
to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the desired risk and
return trade-off.  While we believe that our actions have reduced the
risks related to guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest crediting, our
exposure may not be fully hedged, and we may be liable if counterparties are
unable or unwilling to pay. We remain exposed to the risk that policyholder
behavior and mortality may differ from our assumptions. Finally, while we
believe the impact of downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility
or reduced interest rates is offset by our economic hedging program, the
occurrence of one or more of these events could result in an increase in the
liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits, reducing our net income
and shareholders’ equity. See Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates for more
information regarding these products. 

 Indemnity
claims could be made against us in connection with divested businesses. 
We have provided financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the
businesses we have sold, as described in greater detail in Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. While we do not currently believe the claims
under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant
indemnity claims could be made against us. If such a claim or claims were
successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, cash flows and liquidity. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information on these financial guarantees and indemnities. 

 Our
foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. 
We provide insurance, investment and other financial products and services to
both businesses and individuals in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. A
substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, and
we intend to continue to grow this business. Operations outside the United
States may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, political upheaval, nationalization and other
restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other operations. 

 The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign
jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses
may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign
authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation.
Consequently, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting
future business in some of the jurisdictions where they currently operate.
Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of
operations, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure
at that time in that country. 


 


 
  
   
   36 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 We may experience difficulty in marketing and
distributing products through our current and future distribution channels. 
Although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution
channels, we maintain relationships with certain key distributors. Distributors
have in the past, and may in the future, elect to renegotiate the terms of existing
relationships, or reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us,
including for such reasons as industry consolidation of distributors or other
industry changes that increase the competition for access to distributors,
adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns
about market-related risks. An interruption in certain key relationships could
materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material
adverse effect on our businesses, operating results and financial condition. 

 In addition, when our products are distributed through
unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or control the manner of
their distribution, despite our training and compliance programs. If our
products are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or
distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may suffer reputational and
other harm to our business.  

 Our ownership of a material amount of the common stock
of, and our obligations to, AerCap exposes us to risks.  As a result of the
AerCap Transaction, we hold approximately 46 percent of the outstanding common
stock of AerCap. As a result, declines in the value of AerCap’s common stock,
and the other effects of our accounting for this investment under the equity
method of accounting, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations in a reporting period.    

 In addition, in connection with the AerCap Transaction, AIG,
AerCap, AerCap Ireland Limited, AerCap Ireland Capital Limited (AerCap Ireland)
and certain subsidiaries of AerCap, as guarantors, entered into a credit
agreement for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap
Ireland, as borrower, and AIG, as lender and administrative agent (the AerCap
Credit Facility). The AerCap Credit Facility provides for an aggregate
commitment of $1.0 billion and permits loans for general corporate purposes.
Depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings under the AerCap Credit
Facility, an event of default under the AerCap Credit Facility could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  

 Significant
legal proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations or financial
condition.  We are party to numerous legal proceedings, including
securities class actions and regulatory and governmental investigations. Due to
the nature of these proceedings, the lack of precise damage claims and the type
of claims we are subject to, we cannot currently quantify our ultimate or
maximum liability for these actions. Developments in these unresolved matters
could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or
consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period. Starr
International Company, Inc. (SICO) has brought suit against the United States
challenging the government’s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which (i) AIG
entered into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
(ii) the United States received an approximately 80 percent ownership interest
in AIG.  The United States has alleged that AIG is obligated to indemnify
the United States for any recoveries in these lawsuits.  A determination
that the United States is liable for damages in such suits, together with a
determination that AIG is obligated to indemnify the United States for any such
damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated
financial condition and results of operations.   For
a discussion of the SICO litigation and other unresolved matters, see Note 16
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 If we are unable to maintain
the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of
our data, our ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could
adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations .    We
use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer,
employee, and company data and information. Some of these systems in turn, rely
upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to
access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including
providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to
existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity
products and mutual funds, providing customer support and managing our
investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability
to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to
conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and
customers. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized
access, a terrorist attack or other disruption inside or outside the U.S., our
systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners
for an extended period of time, and our employees may be unable to perform
their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled
or destroyed. Our systems have in the past been, and may in the future be,
subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or
unauthorized tampering. Like other global companies, we have, from time to
time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and
computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions.
There is no assurance that our security measures will provide fully effective
security from such events.  AIG maintains cyber risk insurance, but this insurance
may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of personal,
confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In  
 


 
  
   
   37 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 some cases, such unauthorized access may not be
immediately detected. This may impede or interrupt our business operations and
could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of
operations.  

 In addition, we routinely transmit, receive
and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other
electronic means. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential, we
may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service
providers, counterparties and other third parties  who  may not have
or use appropriate controls to protect confidential information. Furthermore,
certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations
enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the European Union or other
jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges
relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees
or others. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information
could result in remediation costs, legal liability, regulatory action and
reputational harm.  

 The integration of companies we may acquire
from time to time may not be as successful as we anticipate.  Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including
operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal and tax. Difficulties in
integrating an acquired company may result in the acquired company performing
differently than we expected or in our failure to realize anticipated
expense-related efficiencies. Our existing businesses could also be negatively
impacted by acquisitions. Risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 REGULATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our businesses are heavily
regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations, increase our
insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. 
Our operations generally, and our insurance subsidiaries, in particular, are
subject to extensive and potentially conflicting supervision and regulation by
national authorities and by the various jurisdictions in which we do business.
Supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of our business and
financial condition. State and foreign regulators also periodically review and
investigate our insurance businesses, including AIG-specific and industry-wide
practices. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our
insurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent of domestic
regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes. These statutes
delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state
insurance departments. 

 We strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals.
However, our businesses may not fully comply with the wide variety of
applicable laws and regulations. The relevant authority’s interpretation of the
laws and regulations also may change from time to time. Regulatory authorities
have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and
approvals. If we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not
comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could
preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our
activities or impose substantial fines. Further, insurance regulatory
authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision,
which permit them to supervise the business and operations of an insurance
company. 

 In the U.S., the RBC formula is designed to measure the
adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in
its business. Virtually every state has adopted, in substantial part, the RBC
Model Law promulgated by the NAIC, which specifies the regulatory actions the
insurance regulator may take if an insurer’s RBC calculations fall below
specific thresholds. Those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a
plan describing how it would regain a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory
regulatory takeover of the company. Regulators at the federal and international
levels are also considering the imposition of additional capital requirements on
certain insurance companies, which may include us, that may augment or even
displace state-law RBC standards that apply at the legal entity level, and such
capital calculations may be made on bases other than the statutory statements
of our insurance subsidiaries. See “Our status as a nonbank systemically
important financial institution, as well as the enactment of Dodd-Frank, will
subject us to substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially
and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and cash flows” and
“Actions by foreign governments and regulators could subject us to substantial
additional regulation” below for additional information on increased capital
requirements that may be imposed on us. We cannot predict the effect these
initiatives may have on our business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. 

 The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign
jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses
may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign
authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation.
Accordingly, our insurance  
 


 
  
   
   38 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 subsidiaries could be
prevented from conducting future business in certain of the jurisdictions where
they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single country could adversely
affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, depending
on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that
country.  

 See Item 1. Business – Regulation for further discussion of
our regulatory environment. 

 Our
status as a nonbank systemically important financial institution, as well as
the enactment of Dodd-Frank, will subject us to substantial additional federal
regulation, which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results
of operations and cash flows.   On July 21, 2010,
Dodd-Frank, which effects comprehensive changes to the regulation of financial
services in the United States, was signed into law. Dodd-Frank directs existing
and newly created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations
implementing the law, an ongoing process anticipated to continue over the next
few years. 

 We cannot predict the requirements of the regulations
ultimately adopted, the level and magnitude of supervision we may become
subject to, or how Dodd-Frank and such regulations will affect the financial
markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. It is
possible that the regulations adopted under Dodd-Frank and our regulation by
the FRB as a nonbank SIFI could significantly alter our business practices,
limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to
raise additional capital, and impose burdensome and costly requirements and
additional costs. Some of the regulations may also affect the perceptions of
regulators, customers, counterparties, creditors or investors about our
financial strength and could potentially affect our financing costs. 

 See Item 1. Business – Regulation for further discussion of
the details of the aforementioned regulations to which AIG and its businesses
are subject. 

 Actions by foreign governments and regulators could
subject us to substantial additional regulation.    We
cannot predict the impact laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions
may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of
operations or cash flows.  It is possible such laws and regulations, the impact
of our designation as a global systemically important insurer (G-SII) and
certain initiatives by the FSB and the IAIS, including development of Basic
Capital Requirements, Higher Loss Absorbency Capacity Requirements and an Insurance
Capital Standard, and implementation of Solvency II in the European Union, may
significantly alter our business practices, limit our ability to engage in
capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and
impose burdensome requirements and additional costs.  It is possible that the
laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one
another and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of
other jurisdictions including the United States. 

 For further details on these international regulations and
their potential impact on AIG and its businesses, see Item 1. Business –
Regulation—Other Regulatory Developments. 

 The USA
PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar laws that apply
to us may expose us to significant penalties.  The operations of
our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations, including, in some cases,
the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which require companies to know certain
information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for
suspicious activities. Also, the Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign
Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons to refrain from
doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through them, with
certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained by the
U.S. government or with certain countries. The United Kingdom, the European
Union and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. Although
we have instituted compliance programs to address these requirements, there are
inherent risks in global transactions. 

 Attempts
to efficiently manage the impact of Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline
AXXX may fail in whole or in part resulting in an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.   The NAIC Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
universal life policies with secondary guarantees. In addition,  NAIC    Actuarial Guideline 38  (AXXX)  (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of
Regulation XXX as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary
guarantees.  

 Our domestic Life Insurance Companies manage the capital
impact of statutory reserve requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline
AXXX through affiliated reinsurance transactions, to maintain their ability to
offer competitive pricing and successfully market such products. See Note 20 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on  
 


 
  
   
   39 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 statutory reserving requirements under Regulation XXX and
Guideline AXXX and our use of affiliated reinsurance. The NAIC, the New York
State Department of Financial Services and other regulators have increased
their focus on life insurers’ affiliated reinsurance transactions used to
satisfy certain reserve requirements or to manage the capital impact of certain
statutory reserve requirements, particularly transactions using captive
insurance companies or special purpose vehicles. While our domestic Life
Insurance Companies do not use captive or special purpose vehicle structures
for this purpose, we cannot predict whether any applicable insurance laws will
be changed in a way that prohibits or adversely impacts the use of affiliated
reinsurance.  If regulations change, we could be required to increase statutory
reserves, increase prices on our products or incur higher expenses to obtain
reinsurance, which could adversely affect our competitive position, financial
condition or results of operations. If our actions to efficiently manage the
impact of Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX on future sales of term and
universal life insurance products are not successful, we may incur higher
operating costs or our sales of these products may be affected. 

 New
regulations promulgated from time to time may affect our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 
Legislators and regulators may periodically consider various proposals that may
affect the profitability of certain of our businesses. New regulations may even
affect our ability to conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals
relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial
institutions are permitted to engage and the size of financial institutions.
These proposals could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of
financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size,
activities, geography, government support or other criteria). It is uncertain
whether and how these and other such proposals would apply to us or our
competitors or how they could impact our consolidated results of operations,
financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 

 An
“ownership change” could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit
carryforwards to offset future taxable income.  As of December 31,
2014, we had a U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately
$33.0 billion and $7.1 billion in foreign tax credits (tax loss and credit
carryforwards). Our ability to use such tax attributes to offset future taxable
income may be significantly limited if we experience an “ownership change” as
defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code). In general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of AIG
Parent's ownership (by value) of one or more “5-percent shareholders” (as
defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest
percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years
(calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change
generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change
tax loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation
immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term,
tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain adjustments). The
annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an
unused limitation in a prior year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax
loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section
382 would depend on the value of our equity at the time of any ownership
change.  If we were to experience an “ownership change”, it is possible that a
significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire
before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. 

 On March 9, 2011, our Board adopted our Tax Asset Protection
Plan (the Plan) to help protect these tax loss and credit carryforwards, and on
January 8, 2014, the Board adopted an amendment to the Plan, extending its
expiration date to January 8, 2017. The amendment of the Plan was ratified by
our shareholders at our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  At our 2011
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, shareholders adopted a protective amendment to
our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Protective Amendment), which is
designed to prevent certain transfers of AIG Common Stock that could result in
an “ownership change.” At our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our
shareholders approved an amendment to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to adopt a successor to the Protective Amendment that contains substantially
the same terms as the Protective Amendment and that expires on May 12, 2017,
the third anniversary of the date of our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.   

 The Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood of an
“ownership change” by (i) discouraging any person or group from becoming a 4.99
percent shareholder and (ii) discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder
from acquiring additional shares of AIG Common Stock. The Protective Amendment
generally restricts any transfer of AIG Common Stock that would (i) increase
the ownership by any person to 4.99 percent or more of AIG stock then
outstanding or (ii) increase the percentage of AIG stock owned by a Five
Percent Stockholder (as defined in the Plan). Despite the intentions of the
Plan and the Protective Amendment to deter and prevent an “ownership change”,
such an event may still occur. In addition, the Plan and the Protective
Amendment may make it more difficult and more expensive to acquire us, and may
discourage open market purchases of AIG Common Stock or a non-negotiated tender
or exchange offer for AIG Common Stock. Accordingly, the Plan  
 


 
  
   
   40 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 and the Protective Amendment may limit a shareholder’s
ability to realize a premium over the market price of AIG Common Stock in
connection with any stock transaction. 

 Changes
in tax laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our deferred tax assets
or make some of our products less attractive to consumers.    Changes
in tax laws or their interpretation could negatively impact our business or
results.   Some proposed changes could have the effect of increasing our
effective tax rate by reducing deductions or increasing income inclusions, such
as by limiting rules allowing deferral of tax on certain foreign insurance
income.  Conversely, other changes, such as lowering the U.S. federal corporate
tax rate discussed recently in the context of tax reform, could reduce the
value of our deferred tax assets.  In addition, changes in the way foreign taxes
can be credited against U.S. taxes, methods for allocating interest expense,
the ways insurance companies calculate and deduct reserves for tax purposes,
and impositions of new or changed premium, value added and other indirect taxes
could increase our tax expense, thereby reducing earnings.  

 In addition to proposing to change the taxation of
corporations in general and insurance companies in particular, the Executive
Branch of the U.S. Government and Congress have considered proposals that could
increase taxes on owners of insurance products.  For example, there have been
proposals that would have limited the deferral of tax on income from life and
annuity contracts relative to other investment products.  These changes could
reduce demand in the U.S. for life insurance and annuity contracts, or cause
consumers to shift from these contracts to other investments, which would
reduce our income due to lower sales of these products or potential increased
surrenders of in-force business.  

 The need for governments to seek
additional revenue makes it likely that there will be continued proposals to
change tax rules in ways that would reduce our earnings.  However, it remains
difficult to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes having a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 COMPETITION and employees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We face intense competition in
each of our businesses.  Our businesses operate in highly
competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal competitors
are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as banks,
investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. The insurance
industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., our Non-Life
Insurance Companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations.
Our Life Insurance Companies compete in the U.S. with life insurance companies
and other participants in related financial services fields. Overseas, our
subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance operations of
large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local companies. 

 The past reduction of our credit ratings and past negative
publicity have made, and may continue to make, it more difficult to compete to
retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business
with existing customers and counterparties. General insurance and life
insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria,
product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services companies
compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed benefits. A
decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely
affect our profitability. 

 Competition
for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and
retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. 
Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with
demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. Losing
any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our
operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry
experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified
replacement employees. Our results of operations and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and
retaining key employees. 

 Managing
key employee succession and retention is critical to our success. 
We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession
of our senior management and other key employees. While we have succession
plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our
succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot
guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to
us. 

 Employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect
and prevent and may result in significant losses.  There have been a number of cases involving
fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in
recent years and  
 


 
  
   
   41 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 we run the risk that employee
misconduct could occur. Instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to
document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization,
misuse of customer or proprietary information, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements or our internal policies may result in losses. It is not always
possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the controls that we have
in place to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Estimates used in the preparation
of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our
business may differ materially from actual experience.  Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which requires the application of accounting
policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. The accounting
policies that we consider most dependent on the application of estimates and
assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are
described in Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates. These accounting
estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at
the time of estimation. These estimates are based on judgment, current facts
and circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models.
Therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the
near term, and could have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements. 

 In addition,
we employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets, as
well as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses.
These models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain,
may use incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not
operate properly. As our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number
and complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to error
in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input
data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to mitigate
their risk may not be effective in all cases. 

 Changes in accounting
principles and financial reporting requirements could impact our reported
results of operations and our reported financial position.   Our financial statements are  subject to the
application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised.   Accordingly, from
time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards
issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB). The impact of accounting pronouncements that have been
issued but are not yet required to be implemented is disclosed in Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.    

 The FASB and International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)
have ongoing projects to revise accounting standards for insurance contracts.  The
FASB has focused on disclosures for short-duration insurance contracts, which
primarily relate to our property casualty products, and on targeted
improvements to accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration
insurance contracts, which primarily relate to our life and annuity products. 
The IASB continues to contemplate significant changes to accounting
measurements for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. While the
final resolution of changes to U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
Standards pursuant to these projects remains unclear, changes to the manner in
which we account for insurance products could have a significant impact on our
future financial reports, operations, capital management and business. 
Further, the adoption of a new insurance contracts standard as well as other
future accounting standards could have a material effect on our reported
results of operations and reported financial condition. 

 Changes in our assumptions
regarding the discount rate, expected rate of return, and expected compensation
for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased
expenses and reduce our profitability.  We
determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on
assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, expected 
increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. Changes in these
assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate
environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. See
Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on our
pension and postretirement benefit plans. 








 ITEM 1B /  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 There are no material unresolved written comments that were
received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal
year relating to periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. 


 


 
  
   
   42 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 ITEM 2 /  PROPERTIES  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We operate from approximately 400 offices in the United States and
approximately 500 offices in over 75 foreign countries. The following offices
are located in buildings in the United States owned by us: 

 
  
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   •    
   Wilmington, Delaware 
   •    
   Stevens Point, Wisconsin 
   •    
   Greensboro and Winston-Salem, North Carolina 
   
  
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   •    
   Amarillo and Houston, Texas 
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other: 
   •    
   175 Water Street in New York, New York 
   •    
   Livingston, New Jersey 
   •    
   Stowe, Vermont 
   •    
   Ft. Worth, Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 In addition, Non-Life Insurance Companies own offices in
approximately 20 foreign countries and jurisdictions including Argentina,
Bermuda, Colombia, Ecuador, Japan, Mexico, the U.K., Taiwan, and Venezuela. 
The remainder of the office space we utilize is leased.  We believe that our
leases and properties are sufficient for our current purposes. 

 LOCATIONS
OF CERTAIN ASSETS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As of
December 31, 2014, approximately 10 percent of our consolidated assets
were located outside the U.S. and Canada, including $608 million of cash
and securities on deposit with regulatory authorities in those locations. See
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional geographic information.
See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for total carrying amounts
of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries under
requirements of regulatory authorities.   

 Operations outside the U.S. and Canada and assets held abroad
may be adversely affected by political developments in foreign countries,
including tax changes, nationalization and changes in regulatory policy, as
well as by consequence of hostilities and unrest. The risks of such occurrences
and their overall effect upon us vary from country to country and cannot be
predicted. If expropriation or nationalization does occur, our policy is to
take all appropriate measures to seek recovery of any affected assets. Certain
of the countries in which our business is conducted have currency restrictions
that generally cause a delay in a company’s ability to repatriate assets and
profits. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations for
additional information. 

 
 


 
  
   
   43 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 ITEM 3 /  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a
discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 16 — Contingencies, Commitments and
Guarantees to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

   

 ITEM 4 /  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Not applicable. 








 
 


 
  
   
   44 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Part II 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 ITEM 5
/  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG’s common stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG), as well as on the
Tokyo Stock Exchange. There were approximately 31,585 stockholders of record of
AIG Common Stock as of February 12, 2015. 

 The following table presents high and low closing sale
prices of AIG Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape for
each quarter of 2014 and 2013, and the dividends declared per share during
those periods: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   High  
   
  
     
   
  
   Low  
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   High
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Low
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
 
   
   First quarter 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46.88 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39.58 
   
  
      
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34.84 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Second quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Third quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 
   
   Fourth quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 


 Dividends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 12, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share, payable on March 26, 2015 to
shareholders of record on March 12, 2015.  

 Any payment of dividends must be approved by AIG’s Board of
Directors. In determining whether to pay any dividend, our Board of Directors
may consider AIG’s financial position, the performance of our businesses, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and liquidity,
available capital, the existence of investment opportunities, and other
factors. AIG may become subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends and
purchases of AIG Common Stock as a nonbank SIFI and a G-SII. See Item 1.
Business — Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation for
further discussion. 

 For a discussion of certain restrictions on the payment of
dividends to AIG by some of its insurance subsidiaries, see Item 1A. Risk
Factors — Liquidity, Capital and Credit — AIG Parent’s ability to access funds
from our subsidiaries is limited, and Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our table of
equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The definitive proxy statement
will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal
year pursuant to Regulation 14A.  


 


 
  
   
   45 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides the information with
respect to purchases made by or on behalf of AIG or any “affiliated purchaser”
(as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of
AIG Common Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2014: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total
  Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
   Total
  Number of Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Approximate
  Dollar Value of Shares 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of
  Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Price
  Paid 
   
  
   Purchased
  as Part of Publicly  
   
  
     
   
  
   that
  May Yet Be Purchased Under the 
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   per
  Share 
   
  
   Announced
  Plans or Programs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans
  or Programs (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   October 1 - 31 
   
  
   3,868,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54.52 
   
  
   3,868,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
 
   
   November 1 - 30 
   
  
   10,176,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.03 
   
  
   10,176,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
 
   
   December 1 - 31 
   
  
   13,816,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.80 
   
  
   13,816,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   27,860,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54.48 
   
  
   27,860,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 On August 1,
2013, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common
Stock, with an aggregate purchase price of up to $1.0 billion, from time to
time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise. On
February 13, 2014, June 5, 2014 and October 31, 2014, our Board of Directors
authorized increases to the August 1, 2013 repurchase authorization of AIG
Common Stock of an aggregate of $4.5 billion.  

 During the
three-month period ended December 31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 27.9
million shares of AIG Common Stock under this authorization for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $1.5 billion.  

 The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in the three-month period
ended December 31, 2014, and the aggregate purchase price of those shares, each
as set forth above, reflect our payment of $1.4 billion under two ASR
agreements executed in the fourth quarter of 2014 and the receipt of
approximately 22.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock, including the initial
receipt of 70 percent of the total notional share equivalent, or approximately
9.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock, under an ASR agreement executed in
December 2014. That ASR agreement settled in January 2015, at which time we
received approximately 3.5 million additional shares of AIG Common Stock based
on a formula specified by the terms of the ASR Agreement. The total number of
shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in the three-month period ended December
31, 2014 also includes (but the aggregate purchase price does not include)
approximately 3.9 million shares of AIG Common Stock received in October 2014
upon the settlement of an ASR agreement executed in the third quarter of 2014. 

 On February 12,
2015, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to the August 1,
2013 repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $2.5 billion, resulting in
an aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.5 billion. 
Shares may be repurchased from time to time under this authorization in the
open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated
repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise.  The timing of
any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.    

 See Note 17 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on AIG share
purchases. 


 


 
  
   
   46 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 common Stock PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total shareholder
return on AIG Common Stock for a five-year period (December 31, 2009 to
December 31, 2014) with the cumulative total return of the S&P’s 500
stock index (which includes AIG) and a peer group of companies consisting of 15
insurance companies to which we compare our business and operations: 

 
  
   
   •      ACE Limited 
   
  
   •      Lincoln
  National Corporation 
   
  
 
   
   •      AEGON, N.V. 
   
  
   •      MetLife, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      Aflac
  Incorporated 
   
  
   •      Principal Financial
  Group, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      Allianz Group 
   
  
   •      Prudential
  Financial, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      AXA Group 
   
  
   •      The Travelers
  Companies, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      The Chubb
  Corporation 
   
  
   •      XL Capital
  Ltd. 
   
  
 
   
   •      CNA Financial
  Corporation 
   
  
   •      Zurich
  Insurance Group 
   
  
 
   
   •      The Hartford
  Financial Services Group, Inc. 
   
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   47 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Five-Year
Cumulative Total Shareholder Returns 

 Value
of $100 Invested on December 31, 2009 

   

 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 

 


   

 Dividend reinvestment has been assumed and returns have been
weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 

   

 
  
   
      
   
  
   As of December 31,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192.19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143.45 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208.29 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   230.67 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   115.06 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   117.49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   136.30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   180.44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205.14 
   
  
 
   
   Peer Group 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   108.02 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   93.68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120.29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   178.80 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   180.92 
   
  
 










 


 
  
   
   48 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 ITEM 6
 / SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Selected Consolidated Financial Data should be read
in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and
accompanying notes included elsewhere herein.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,352 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,334 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,934 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   803 
   
  
     
   
  
   (763) 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,504 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,749 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,861 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,720 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,326 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,429 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,483 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,821 
   
  
 
   
      General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,358 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,742 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of properties
  and divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,566) 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,660 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income taxes  (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   (901) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,666 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,764) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,863 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,930 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   (645) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,285 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,058 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,058 
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      common shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.02 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.04) 
   
  
 
   
      Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.98 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.02 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.04) 
   
  
 
   
      Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.98 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year-end balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   375,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   410,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   410,412 
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   548,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   553,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   675,573 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,461 
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   440,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   449,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   442,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   568,363 
   
  
 
   
      Total AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,856 
   
  
 
   
      Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,776 
   
  
 
   
      Book value per share (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.53 
   
  
     
   
  
   561.40 
   
  
 
   
      Book value per share, excluding
  Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         comprehensive income (loss) (b)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.11 
   
  
     
   
  
   498.25 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   49 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
 
   
   Other data (from continuing operations): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,834 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustment to federal deferred tax
  valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,907) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,307) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,361 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of prepaid commitment fee
  asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,471 
   
  
 
   
      Catastrophe-related losses (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   728 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   787 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,076 
   
  
 


 (a)  Reduced by
fourth quarter reserve strengthening charges of $4.2 billion in 2010 related to
the annual review of our property casualty businesses liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses. 

 (b)  Book value
per share, excluding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is a
non-GAAP measure.  See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures
for additional information. Comparability of 2010 is affected by a one for
twenty reverse stock split. 

 (c)  Catastrophe-related
losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on our
property casualty businesses in excess of $10 million each. 

 Items Affecting Comparability Between
Periods 

 The following are significant developments that affected
multiple periods and financial statement captions. Other items that affected
comparability are included in the footnotes to the table presented immediately
above. 

 Adjustments to Federal Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We concluded
that $18.4 billion of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance for the
U.S. consolidated income tax group should be released through the Consolidated
Statements of Income in 2011.  The valuation allowance resulted primarily from
losses subject to U.S. income taxes recorded from 2008 through 2010. See
Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  

 Capitalization and Book Value Per Share 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On January
14, 2011, we completed a series of integrated transactions to recapitalize AIG
(the Recapitalization) with the Department of the Treasury, the FRBNY and AIG
Credit Facility Trust, including the repayment of all amounts owed under the
Credit Facility with the FRBNY (the FRBNY Credit Facility). As a result of the
closing of the Recapitalization on January 14, 2011, the remaining preferred
interests (the SPV Preferred Interests) in the special purpose vehicles that
held remaining AIA Group Limited (AIA) shares and the proceeds of the AIA
initial public offering and the American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) sale
(the AIA SPV and ALICO SPV, respectively) held by the FRBNY of approximately
$26.4 billion were purchased by AIG and transferred to the Department of
the Treasury. The SPV Preferred Interests were no longer considered permanent equity
on AIG’s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and were classified as redeemable
noncontrolling interests. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for further discussion.  




   


 


 
  
   
   50 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
pro forma ratios as if the Recapitalization had been consummated in 2010 and a
reconciliation of book value per share to book value per share, excluding
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is a non-GAAP measure. 
See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures for additional
information.* 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   At December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,856 
   
  
 
   
   Recapitalization 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,328) 
   
  
 
   
   Value on
  conversion of equity units 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
 
   
   Pro forma
  shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,697 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,871 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity, excluding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94,110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,428 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95,057 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,985 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,896,821,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   140,463,159 
   
  
 
   
   Issuable
  for equity units 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,854,069 
   
  
 
   
   Shares
  assumed converted 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,655,037,962 
   
  
 
   
   Pro forma
  common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,896,821,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,798,355,190 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53.53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   561.40 
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share, excluding  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50.11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498.25 
   
  
 
   
      Pro
  forma book value per share 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43.20 
   
  
 
   
      Pro
  forma book value per share, excluding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.27 
   
  
 


 *    Amounts for periods after December 31, 2010 have been
revised to reflect reclassification of income taxes from AOCI to additional
paid in capital to correct the presentation of components of AIG shareholders’ equity.
These income tax items related to the creation in 2009 of special purpose
vehicles that held our interests in AIA and ALICO. There was no effect on Total
AIG shareholders’ equity or on Total equity as a result of this
reclassification. 

 FRBNY Activity and Effect on Interest Expense in 2010 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The decline
in interest expense in 2010 was due primarily to a reduced weighted-average
interest rate on borrowings, a lower average outstanding balance and a decline
in amortization of the prepaid commitment fee asset related to the partial
repayment of the FRBNY Credit Facility. On January 14, 2011, AIG repaid
the remaining $20.7 billion and terminated this facility, resulting in a
net $3.3 billion pretax charge in the first quarter of 2011, representing
primarily the accelerated amortization of the remaining prepaid commitment fee
asset included in Net loss on extinguishment of debt. 

 As a result of the closing of the Recapitalization on
January 14, 2011, the SPV Preferred Interests in the special purpose
vehicles that held remaining AIA shares and the proceeds of the AIA initial
public offering and the ALICO sale (the SPVs) were transferred to the
Department of the Treasury. After such closing, the SPV Preferred Interests
were not considered permanent equity on AIG’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and were
classified as redeemable noncontrolling interests. 

 Asset Dispositions in 2011 and 2014  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We completed
the sale of ILFC on May 14, 2014, as further discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, and executed multiple asset dispositions in 2011. 








 


 
  
   
   51 
   
  
 



 
 

 


       TABLE OF CONTENTS         

   

   


 
 

 


 ITEM 7 /  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

 This Annual Report on
Form 10-K and other publicly available documents may include, and officers
and representatives of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) may from time
to time make, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may
constitute “forward‑looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections, goals, assumptions
and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our belief
regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently
uncertain and outside our control. These projections, goals, assumptions and
statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such
as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “view,” “target” or
“estimate.” These projections, goals, assumptions and statements may address,
among other things, our: 

 
  
   
   •    
   exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, the residential
  and commercial real estate markets, state and municipal bond issuers,
  sovereign bond issuers, the energy sector and currency exchange rates; 
   •    
   exposure to European governments and European financial institutions; 
   •      strategy for
  risk management; 
   •      generation of
  deployable capital; 
   
  
   •    
   return on equity and earnings per share; 
   •    
   strategies to grow net investment income, efficiently manage capital
  and reduce expenses; 
   •    
   strategies for customer retention, growth, product development, market
  position, financial results and reserves; and 
   •    
   the revenues and combined ratios of our subsidiaries. 
   
  
 


 It is possible that our actual results and financial
condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial
condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements.
Factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements
include: 

 
  
   
   •    
   changes in market conditions; 
   •    
   the occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made; 
   •    
   significant legal proceedings; 
   •    
   the timing and applicable requirements of any new regulatory framework
  to which we are subject as a nonbank systemically important financial
  institution (SIFI) and as a global systemically important insurer (G‑SII); 
   •    
   concentrations in our investment portfolios; 
   •    
   actions by credit rating agencies; 
   
  
   •    
   judgments concerning casualty insurance underwriting and insurance
  liabilities; 
   •    
   judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets; and 
   •    
   such other factors discussed in: 
   •     
   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K;
  and 
   •      this Part II,
  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
  Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. 
   
  
 


 We are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation)
to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions or other statements,
whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.  









 


 
  
   
   52 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 The MD&A is organized as follows:         

 
  
   
   INDEX TO ITEM 7 
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
   
   Page 
   

   
  
 
   
   USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
       Executive Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
       Strategic Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
       Segment Results 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
          Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
          Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
          Corporate and Other 
    
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   INVESTMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
       Investment
  Highlights 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
       Investment
  Strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
       Investments by
  Legal Entity 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
 
   
       Credit
  Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
       Impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   INSURANCE RESERVES 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance
  Companies DAC and Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
       Analysis
  of Sources and Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
       Liquidity and Capital
  Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
       Contingent Liquidity
  Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
       Contractual Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
       Off-Balance
  Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
       Debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
       Regulation and Supervision 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
       Dividends and Repurchases
  of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
       Dividend Restrictions 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
   
       Market Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
       Liquidity Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
   GLOSSARY 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
 
   
   ACRONYMS 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 

 Throughout the MD&A, we use certain terms and abbreviations
which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms. 

 We have incorporated into this discussion a number of
cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to assist readers seeking additional information related
to a particular subject. 








 
 


 
  
   
   53 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  use of non-gaap measures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 

 In Item  6. Selected Financial Data  and throughout this MD&A, we present our financial condition and
results of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and
representative of our business results. Some of the measurements we use are
“non‑GAAP financial measures” under SEC rules and regulations. GAAP is
the acronym for “accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States.” The non‑GAAP financial measures we present may not be comparable
to similarly‑named measures reported by other companies. 

 Book Value Per Share Excluding Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI)  is used to show the amount of our net worth on
a per‑share basis. We believe Book Value Per Share Excluding AOCI is
useful to investors because it eliminates the effect of non‑cash items
that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in
fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio and foreign currency
translation adjustments. Book Value Per Share Excluding AOCI is derived by
dividing Total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares
outstanding. The reconciliation to book value per common share, the most
comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

 We use the following operating performance measures because
we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of
continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also
allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we
use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are
provided in the Results of Operations section of this MD&A on a
consolidated basis. 

 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG  is derived by excluding the
following items from net income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   •    
   deferred income tax valuation allowance releases and charges; 
   •    
   changes in fair value of fixed maturity securities designated to hedge
  living benefit liabilities (net of interest expense); 
   •    
   changes in benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs
  (DAC), value of business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets (SIA)
  related to net realized capital gains and losses; 
   •    
   other income and expense — net, related to Corporate and Other
  run-off insurance lines; 
   •    
   loss on extinguishment of debt; 
   •    
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   •    
   non‑qualifying derivative hedging activities, excluding net
  realized capital gains and losses; 
   
  
   •    
   income or loss from discontinued operations; 
   •    
   income and loss from divested businesses, including:  
   •    
   gain on the sale of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC);
  and 
   •    
   certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap
  Holdings N.V. (AerCap) in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and the
  difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance rights assets over the
  remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
  related aircraft and related tax effects; 
   •    
   legacy tax adjustments primarily related to certain changes in
  uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments; and 
   •    
   legal reserves and settlements related to legacy crisis matters, which
  include favorable and unfavorable settlements related to events leading up to
  and resulting from our September 2008 liquidity crisis and legal fees
  incurred as the plaintiff in connection with such legal matters. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   54 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  use of non-gaap measures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 We
use the following operating performance measures within our Commercial
Insurance and Consumer Insurance reportable segments as well as Corporate and
Other. 

 •      Commercial
Insurance: Property Casualty and Mortgage Guaranty; Consumer Insurance:
Personal Insurance 

 ·        Pre‑tax
operating income:  includes both underwriting income and loss and net
investment income, but excludes net realized capital gains and losses, other
income and expense — net and legal settlements related to legacy crisis
matters described above. Underwriting income and loss is derived by reducing
net premiums earned by losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred,
acquisition expenses and general operating expenses. 

 ·      
 Ratios:  We, along with most property and casualty
insurance companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined
ratio as measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative
measurements that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount
of losses and loss adjustment expenses, and the amount of other underwriting
expenses that would be incurred. A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting
income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. The
underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the
degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition,
investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and
competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as
reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios. 

 ·      
 Accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted:  both
the accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe
losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of
premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. Catastrophe losses
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact in excess of
$10 million each. 

 ·        Commercial
Insurance: Institutional Markets; Consumer Insurance: Retirement and Life  

 ·      
 Pre‑tax operating income  is derived by excluding the
following items from pre‑tax income:  

 
  
   
   •    
   changes in fair values of fixed maturity securities designated to
  hedge living benefit liabilities (net of interest expense); 
   
  
   •    
   changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net
  realized capital gains and losses; and 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   
  
   •    
   legal settlements related to legacy crisis matters described above. 
   
  
 


 ·      
 Premiums and deposits:  includes direct and assumed amounts
received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit
policies and life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits
received on universal life, investment‑type annuity contracts and mutual
funds. 

 ·        Corporate
and Other  — Pre‑tax operating income and loss  is derived by
excluding the following items from pre‑tax income and loss: 

 
  
   
   •    
   loss on extinguishment of debt; 
   •    
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   •    
   changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net
  realized capital gains and losses; 
   •    
   income and loss from divested businesses, including Aircraft Leasing; 
   
  
   •    
   net gain or loss on sale of divested businesses, including: 
   ·      
   gain on the sale of ILFC; and  
   ·      
   certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by
  AerCap in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and the difference between
  expensing AerCap’s maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as
  compared to the remaining economic life of the related aircraft and our share
  of AerCap’s income taxes; and 
   •    
   certain legal reserves (settlements) related to legacy crisis matters
  described above. 
   
  
 


 Results from discontinued operations are excluded from all of
these measures. 









 


 
  
   
   55 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Executive Overview 
   
  
 


 This overview of the MD&A highlights selected information
and may not contain all of the information that is important to current or
potential investors in AIG’s securities. You should read this Annual Report on
Form 10‑K in its entirety for a complete description of events,
trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us.  

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, we completed our previously
announced reorganization of our commercial and consumer insurance businesses
and modified the presentation of our results to reflect our new operating
structure. The new operating structure includes two reportable segments,
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance, and a Corporate and Other
category. The Corporate and Other category consists of businesses and items not
allocated to our reportable segments. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2014, we
reported our results through two reportable segments – AIG Property Casualty
and AIG Life and Retirement.  

 In order to align financial reporting with the manner in
which our chief operating decision makers review the businesses to assess
performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated, the Commercial
Insurance and Consumer Insurance reportable segments include the following
operating segments: 

 •    
  Commercial property casualty, mortgage
guaranty and institutional markets businesses, which were previously reported
as components of AIG Property Casualty, Other operations and AIG Life and
Retirement, respectively, are now reported as components of the Commercial
Insurance reportable segment. 

 •    
  Consumer property casualty business and
Japan life insurance business, which were previously reported as components of
AIG Property Casualty, and our retail life and retirement and institutional
group retirement and group benefits businesses, which were previously reported as
components of AIG Life and Retirement, are now reported as components of the
Consumer Insurance reportable segment. 

 •    
  Insurance run-off lines of business,
which were previously reported in  AIG Property Casualty's Other category, are
now reported as a component of the Corporate and Other category.   

 Prior periods have been revised to
conform to the current period presentation for the above segment changes.   

 Presentation Changes 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We reclassified our presentation for certain Policy fees,
along with a related portion of Amortization of deferred policy acquisition
costs, from their respective captions to Net realized capital gains (losses)
and Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net realized
capital gains (losses), respectively. The reclassification of these policy
fees, which are related primarily to guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
(GMWB) embedded derivatives in our variable annuity products, to realized
capital gains (losses), consolidates the fees from these embedded derivatives
with the associated change in fair value of such derivatives. The
reclassifications reduced pre-tax operating income and after-tax operating
income, but had no effect on GAAP basis Total revenues, Income from continuing
operations before income tax expense (benefit) or Net income. 

 Also, revisions were made to change the classification of
certain miscellaneous income from General operating and other expenses to
premiums, and of certain broker-dealer fees from General operating and other
expenses to other income, to conform with the current period presentation.
There was no effect on pre-tax or after-tax operating income, income from
continuing operations or net income.  


 


 
  
   
   56 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The
reclassifications and revisions affected previously reported captions as
follows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Previously 
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currently 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Previously 
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currently 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,047 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,189 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   48,644 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,367 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,820 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,013 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,561 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,390 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,938 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,542 
   
  
 


 Executive
Summary 

 Financial
Performance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance  pre‑tax
operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily  due to improved underwriting results in the Property
Casualty and Mortgage Guaranty operating segments partially offset by reduced
net investment income in the Property Casualty and Institutional Markets
operating segments. 

 Consumer Insurance  pre‑tax
operating income   decreased in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to lower net investment income, primarily from
lower income from alternative investments, and additional reserves for IBNR
death claims related to continued enhancement of claims procedures. These items
more than offset favorable performance from our businesses in 2014 compared to
2013, which included growth in policy fees and assets under management
primarily from strong sales of variable and index annuities in Retirement,
effective crediting rate management, and higher underwriting income in Personal
Insurance, primarily from improved loss experience and lower general operating
expenses. 

 Our investment portfolio
performance  improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to positive
performance on bonds for which we elected the fair value option, driven by
movements on interest rates. 

 Net realized capital gains   declined in 2014 compared to 2013 due to lower
capital gains from sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward
utilization and  higher fair value losses on embedded
derivatives related to variable annuity guarantee features, net of hedges.  
  

 Our
Performance – Selected Indicators 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data and
  ratios) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Results of operations data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   Net income per common share attributable
  to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,542 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income per common
  share attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.58 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.49 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.88 
   
  
 
   
   Key
  metrics: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   110.9 
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty accident year combined
  ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   95.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.3 
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,348 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty domestic first-lien new
  insurance written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,273 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets premiums and
  deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   991 
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance accident year combined
  ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.3 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,302 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,048 
   
  
 
   
   Life premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,864 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies assets under
  management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   332,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   317,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   290,387 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share, excluding
  AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   57 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
   Total revenues  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Income from continuing operations  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 
   
   Net income ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG  
   (in millions) 
     
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net INCOME PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG
  (DILUTED) 
     
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   58 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
   After-tax operating income attributable to aig  (excludes net
  realized capital gains and certain other items) 
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax operating income by segment 
   (in millions)  
     
     
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


   

 
  
   
   TOTAL ASSETS  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Long-term debt  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Book value per common share and book value per common
  share excluding aoci 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


 *    Includes operating borrowings of other subsidiaries and
consolidated investments and hybrid debt securities. 


 


 
  
   
   59 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Investment Highlights 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income increased 1.7 percent to $16.1 billion
in 2014 compared to 2013. 

 Net investment income improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due
to positive performance on bonds for which we elected the fair value option,
driven by interest rate movements.  While corporate debt securities represented
the core of new investment allocations, we continued to make investments in
structured securities and other fixed income securities with favorable risk
versus return characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment
income.  

 Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio
increased to approximately $19.0 billion as of December 31, 2014 from  approximately $11.7 billion  as of December 31, 2013
due to a decline in interest rates and widening of spreads. 

 The overall credit rating of our fixed maturity securities
portfolio remains largely unchanged from December 31, 2013. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources Highlights 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We reduced our debt  in 2014 as a result of maturities, repayments and
repurchases of $16.1 billion,  of which $7.5 billion is related to DIB
redemptions and repurchases .  

 We maintained
financial flexibility at AIG Parent in 2014  through  $2.6 billion in
dividends  in the form of cash and fixed
maturity securities  from our Non-Life
Insurance Companies and $6.8 billion in dividends and loan repayments in the
form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies,
which included approximately $829 million of legal settlement proceeds . 

 Our Board of Directors increased our share repurchase
authorization of AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), by an additional $2.5 billion on February 12, 2015.   During 2014,
we repurchased approximately 88 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an
aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9 billion. The total number of
shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2014, and the aggregate purchase
price of these shares, reflect our payment of approximately $3.1 billion
in the aggregate under five accelerated stock repurchase (ASR) agreements and
our receipt of approximately 53 million shares of AIG Common Stock in the
aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of the total notional
share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock,
under an ASR Agreement executed in December 2014.  

 We paid a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock  of
$0.125 per share on each of March 25, 2014, June 24, 2014, September 25,
2014 and December 18, 2014. 

 Our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock on February 12, 2015  of $0.125 per
share, payable on March 26, 2015 to shareholders of record on
March 12, 2015. 

 We received net cash proceeds of approximately $2.4
billion from the sale of ILFC  after taking into account the settlement of
intercompany loans.  This cash amount is in addition to the 97.6 million newly
issued AerCap common shares we received as consideration from the sale. 

 Additional discussion and other
liquidity and capital resources developments are included in Note 17 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources herein.  

 
 


 
  
   
   60 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Strategic Outlook 

 Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2014, characterized by factors such as
historically low interest rates, instability in the global markets and slowing
growth in emerging markets, China and Euro-Zone economies.  

 Interest rates remain low relative to historical levels,
which has affected our industry by reducing investment returns. In addition,
current market conditions may not necessarily permit insurance companies to
increase pricing across all our product lines. 

 
  
   
   AIG Priorities for 2015 
   
  
 
   
   AIG is focused on the following
  priorities for 2015: 
   ·      
   Improve our focus on our customers to understand their
  challenges and to help solve their problems; 
   ·      
   Improve our cost structure to simplify our operations in ways
  that bring us closer to our customers;  
   ·      
   Improve our technology infrastructure to better serve customers
  and distribution partners, increase productivity, reduce expenses, and better
  position ourselves against our competitors; and 
   ·      
   Concentrate on activities that increase our intrinsic value and
  sustainable profitability. 
   
  
 


    

 Outlook for Our Operating
Businesses  

 The outlook for each of our businesses and management
initiatives to improve growth and performance in 2015 and over the longer term
is summarized below.  




   


 


 
  
   
   61 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Commercial insurance
Strategic initiatives and Outlook 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Executive Overview 
   
  
 
   
   Customer  —    Strive to be our customers’ most
  valued insurer by offering innovative products, superior service and access
  to an extensive global network. 
   Strategic Growth  — Grow our higher-value businesses
  while investing in transformative opportunities. 
   Underwriting Excellence  —Improve our business
  portfolio through better pricing and risk selection by using enhanced data,
  analytics and the application of science to deliver superior risk adjusted
  returns.    
   Claims Excellence  — Improve claims processes,
  analytics and tools to deliver superior customer service and decrease our
  loss ratio. 
   Operational Effectiveness  —Continue initiatives
  to modernize our technology and infrastructure; implement best practices to
  improve speed and quality of service. 
   Capital Efficiency  — Increase capital fungibility and
  diversification, streamline our legal entity structure, optimize reinsurance
  and improve tax efficiency.  
   Investment Strategy  — Increase asset diversification
  and take advantage of yield enhancement opportunities to meet our capital,
  liquidity, risk and return objectives. 
   
  
 


    

 Market Conditions and Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance expects the
current low interest rate environment relative to historical levels, currency
volatility, and ongoing uncertainty in global economic conditions will continue
to challenge the growth of net investment income and limit growth in some
markets. Due to these conditions and overcapacity in the property casualty
insurance industry, Commercial Insurance has sought to modify terms and
conditions, grow profitable segments of the business, exit unprofitable
businesses and develop advanced data analytics to improve profitability. 

 Property Casualty 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Property Casualty has observed
improving trends in certain key indicators that may offset the effect of
current economic challenges. In recent years, Property Casualty has benefitted
from favorable pricing trends, particularly in the U.S.  However, such trends
have tapered off in recent quarters. The property casualty insurance industry
is experiencing modest growth as a result of this positive rate trend and an
increase in overall exposures in certain markets. Property Casualty also
expects that expansion in certain growth economies will occur at a faster pace
than in developed countries, although at levels lower than those previously
expected due to revised economic assumptions. 

 Since the second quarter of 2014,
within the U.S. commercial property business, Property Casualty observed
continued rate pressure in the U.S. Excess and Surplus lines market,
particularly with respect to its natural catastrophe exposed business. Property
Casualty continues to differentiate its capacity from its peers through
leveraging management’s significant experience with catastrophic events,
providing loss prevention expertise and maintaining discipline in pricing to
internal targets despite intense competition. 

 In the U.S., Property Casualty’s
exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by the  Terrorism Risk Insurance  Act (TRIA)  in
addition to limited private reinsurance protections. For additional information
on  TRIA ,
see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Reserves and Exposures and Item 7.
MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management — Insurance Operations
Risks — Non-Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks — Terrorism
Risk. 


 


 
  
   
   62 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Mortgage
Guaranty 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 While   higher    r esidential  
 mo r tgage    interest    rates    have    had    an    unfavorable    impact    on    new    mortgage    loan    volumes,    particularly on   refinancing    activit y ,    Mortgage
Guaranty   e x pec t s    current  
 residential    mortgage    interest  
 rates    will have   a    favorable    impact  
 on    the    persistency of   business    w r itten    in    20 1 2
and 2013,   since    refin a ncing    of    mortgages    w o u ld    be    unattractive    to    home o wners    w ho originated   mortgages    at    the    historically    l o w    residential    m ortgage    interest  
 rates    prevalent    during  
 that    period.    Mortgage Guaranty   e x pec t s    that
this   higher    persistency    w i ll    c ontinue    to  
have a positive effect on   its    results  
 t hroughout    20 1 5.  

 Mortgage Guaranty   also    e x p ects    that    n e w l y    reported  
 delinquencies    w i ll    decline  
 duri n g    2015.    Mortgage
Guaranty   believes    the    combination    of    higher    persistenc y   and   l o w er    new    d elinque n cies,    partially    o f fset    by    a    d e cline    in    n e w    m ortgage    loan    volumes,  
 w ill    r e sult    in    favorab l e    operating    results  
 for    2015.  

 Institutional Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Institutional Markets is expected
to continue growing its assets under management from increased stable value
wrap business, as well as from disciplined growth through the pursuit of select
opportunities related to pension buyouts and GICs. 

 Strategic
Initiatives  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Customer
 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance strives to be
our customers’ most valued insurer. Our investments in engineering,
underwriting, claims services, science and data together are intended to help
offer our customers not only innovative products, superb service and access to
an extensive global network but also a superior and rewarding customer
experience.  

 Strategic
Growth  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Property Casualty’s efforts to
better segment its business by industry, geography and type of coverage in
order to enhance its decision making regarding risk acceptance and pricing are
ongoing. For example, within workers’ compensation, Property Casualty has
observed different experience and trends based on this segmentation, which
helps inform its risk appetite, pricing and loss mitigation decisions. 

 Mortgage Guaranty expects to continue as a leading provider
of mortgage insurance and seeks to  differentiate 
itself from its competitors by utilizing its proprietary risk-based pricing
strategy. This pricing strategy provides Mortgage Guaranty’s customers with
mortgage insurance products that are priced commensurate with the underwriting
risk, which we believe will result in an appropriately priced, high-quality
book of business. 

 Institutional Markets is expected to continue contributing to
growth in assets under management with stable value wraps and utilizing a
disciplined approach to growth and diversification of our business by pursuing
select opportunities in areas such as the pension buyout business. 




   


 


 
  
   
   63 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Underwriting Excellence 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We continue to further enhance our risk selection process and
refine technical pricing and producer management, through enhanced tools and
analytics.  In addition, we remain focused on managing exposure to capital
intensive long-tail lines.  We believe that accident year loss ratios, as
adjusted,  will continue to improve due to these actions. 

 Claims
Excellence 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We continue to reduce loss costs by realizing greater
efficiencies in servicing customer claims, introducing improved claims
analytics and services, developing knowledge of the economic drivers of losses
which collectively are expected to mitigate reserve development and legal
costs, and improve customer insights and pricing. 

 Operational
Effectiveness 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We continue to make strategic investments in systems,
processes and talent worldwide, which are expected to create additional value
and greater efficiency in the years ahead. In addition, along with other areas
of AIG, Commercial Insurance continues to leverage its various off-shore
centers, taking advantage of opportunities to centralize and standardize
processes and platforms. 

 Capital
Efficiency  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance continues to
execute capital management initiatives by enhancing broad‑based risk
tolerance guidelines for its operating units, implementing underwriting
strategies to increase return on equity by line of business and reducing
exposure to businesses with inadequate pricing and increased loss trends. In
addition, Commercial Insurance remains focused on enhancing its global
reinsurance strategy to improve overall capital efficiency, although this
strategy may lead to periodic income statement volatility. 

 We also continue to streamline our
legal entity structure to enhance transparency for regulators and optimize
capital and tax efficiency, particularly with respect to the Non-Life Insurance
Companies in the Property Casualty and Personal Insurance operating segments.
Our legal entity restructuring initiatives have enhanced dividend capacity,
reduced required capital, and provided tax benefits for these operations.
Additionally, the restructurings allow us to simplify our reinsurance arrangements,
which further facilitate increased capital optimization. In 2014, we completed
the integration of our Japan operations into a holding company structure
through the conversion of the American Home Assurance Company’s Japan branch to
a subsidiary of the Japan holding company, American Home Assurance Japan, effective
on April 1, 2014.  We expect our overall legal entity restructuring to be
substantially completed in 2016, subject to regulatory approvals in the
relevant jurisdictions. 


 


 
  
   
   64 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 consumer insurance STRATEGIC
INITIATIVES AND Outlook 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



    

 
  
   
   Strategic Initiatives 
   
  
 
   
   Customer:  Strive to be our
  customers’ most valued insurer. Through our unique franchise, which brings
  together a broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal
  insurance products offered through multiple distribution networks, Consumer
  Insurance aims to provide customers with the products they need, delivered
  through the channels they prefer. 
   Information-driven
  Strategy:  Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application of
  science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product mix,
  channel performance and risk management capabilities. 
   Focused
  Growth:  Invest in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow profitably and
  sustainably. Target growth in select markets according to market size, growth
  potential, market maturity and customer demographics. 
   Operational
  Effectiveness:  Simplify processes, enhance operating environments, and
  leverage the best platforms and tools for multiple operating segments to
  increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
  facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. 
   Investment
  Strategy:  Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
  maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of
  related insurance liabilities with assets of comparable duration, and pursue
  yield-enhancement opportunities that meet liquidity, risk and return
  objectives. 
   Profitability
  and Capital Management:  Deliver solid earnings through disciplined
  pricing, sustainable underwriting improvements and diversification of risk,
  and increase capital efficiency within insurance entities to enhance return
  on equity. 
   
  
 


 Market Conditions and Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Retirement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 An  increasing population of Americans
expecting to live longer and placing less reliance on traditional retirement
benefits are seeking financial security as they approach retirement, which
continues to drive demand for individual variable and fixed index annuities
with guaranteed income features.  In addition, rising tax rates and a desire
for higher investment returns have prompted less risk-averse investors to seek
products without guaranteed lifetime income, providing Retirement Income
Solutions the opportunity to further diversify its product portfolio by
offering investment-focused variable annuities.  

 The sustained low interest rate environment has a significant
impact on the annuity industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on
long-term investment returns, negatively affect sales of interest rate
sensitive products and reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate
products. As long as the sustained low interest rate environment continues,
market conditions will be challenging for the fixed annuity market. In addition,
more highly leveraged providers have entered the market offering higher
crediting rates.  

 Despite the challenging environment where long-term interest
rates have continued to remain low relative to historical levels throughout
2014, fixed annuity industry sales have continued to improve from the very low
levels seen in 2013, as baby boomers approaching retirement continue to seek
financial solutions that can provide guaranteed income, and customers are now
more willing to purchase non-guaranteed return of premium products with market
value adjustments in exchange for higher crediting rates. Although rapidly
rising interest rates could create the potential for increased surrenders,
customers are currently buying fixed annuities with longer surrender periods in
pursuit of higher returns.  


 


 
  
   
   65 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Life 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Populations are living longer and
have increased needs for financial protection for beneficiaries, estate
planning and wealth creation.  The Life operating segment addresses these
needs with a broad spectrum of products, ranging from the pure protection focus
of term life to investment-oriented products such as indexed and variable
universal life.  

 U.S. life insurance industry sales
declined in 2014, driven by lower term and universal life sales partially
offset by small gains in whole life markets.  Market factors, primarily
low interest rates and regulatory changes, have caused the universal life
market to shift its focus from guaranteed universal life to indexed universal life
products that offer attractive cash accumulation and increased living benefit
options.     

 Personal Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The overall rate level has improved in the Japanese and certain
U.S. markets for auto, personal property, and accident and health products compared
to prior years. In Japan, car and home sales increased in 2014 prior to the increase
in the consumption tax, but prospectively, sales are expected to return to
normal levels. In the U.S., overall rate level changes for auto and personal
property products are expected to be positive but slow, with sales increasing
as the economy continues to recover. Our Personal Insurance operating
segment expects to increase its investment in growth economy nations that have
a higher growth outlook for personal insurance products.   

 Strategic Initiatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Customer 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We intend to expand relationships
with key distribution partners to fully realize the benefits of our diverse
product offerings across multiple channels. Our focus on ease of doing business
for consumers and producers includes enhancements to our platforms and
services, as well as initiatives to improve the recruitment, training and
productivity of our affiliated and non-affiliated distribution partners. 

 

 Information-driven
Strategy 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We intend to continue to
strengthen our direct marketing capabilities through the use of analytics,
stronger platforms and tools, an enhanced product portfolio and expanded
relationships allowing us to bring more product solutions to our target
markets.   

 We intend to achieve rate adequacy through implementation of
global underwriting practices and enhanced tools and analytics. We intend to optimize
the value of our business lines through product and portfolio management and
refined technical pricing. We intend to continue to enhance the customer experience
and efficiency through claim best practices, and to deploy enhanced operating structures
and standardized processes and systems, while managing claim-handling
efficiency.   

 Focused Growth 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Retirement Income Solutions  intends to continue
capitalizing on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income
by maintaining competitive variable annuity product offerings while managing
risk, using innovative product design and well-developed economic hedging capabilities.
De-risking features of its variable annuity product design include variable
rider fees indexed to an equity market volatility index, required minimum
allocations to fixed accounts, and the utilization of volatility control funds.
Retirement Income Solutions has a dynamic risk management hedging program and
continues to invest in market risk management. Strategies to diversify the
Retirement Income Solutions product portfolio include growing sales of fixed
index annuities with guarantee features, which provide additional income
solutions for consumers approaching retirement, and introducing new
investment-focused variable annuities, which offer alternative asset classes
and tax benefits to investors seeking higher returns without guaranteed lifetime
income. 


 


 
  
   
   66 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Fixed Annuities  sales will
continue to be challenged by the low interest rate environment. Sales of fixed
annuities could improve if interest rates rise and the yield curve steepens, as
these market conditions make fixed annuity products more attractive compared to
alternatives such as bank deposits. The growing market for immediate and
deferred income products, driven by customers seeking guaranteed income
products, provides an opportunity for Fixed Annuities to increase the
diversification of its product portfolio. 

 Life  will continue to invest to position for growth and serve
its customers more effectively, and maintain pricing discipline in its overall
strategy.  Internationally, Life intends to expand its business in Japan, the
United Kingdom and certain other countries through a focused strategy in
selected markets and products by combining global expertise with local market
intelligence to meet the needs of consumers in these target markets. 

 We acquired Ageas
Protect Limited (Ageas Protect) on December 31, 2014 from international insurer
Ageas Group for approximately $308 million. Our agreement to acquire Ageas
Protect was announced in August 2014. Ageas Protect is a leading provider of
life protection products in the United Kingdom, recognized in its market for
product innovation, the effective use of technology and high quality service. 
We expect the acquisition of Ageas Protect to enhance our global Consumer
Insurance business and strengthen our presence in the United Kingdom, where we
already offer personal accident, health and travel insurance coverage, as well
as customized insurance solutions for high net worth individuals through AIG
Private Client Group.  

 As part of our strategy to expand consumer operations in
growth economies, on May 29, 2013, we entered into a joint venture
agreement with PICC Life Insurance Company Limited (PICC Life), a subsidiary of
the PICC Group, to form an agency distribution company in China to distribute
life and retirement products. The joint venture company distributes PICC Life
products and PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (PICC P&C)
insurance products, as well as other products aimed at meeting the needs of
this developing market, and will distribute jointly developed life, retirement
and personal insurance products. We own 24.9 percent of the joint venture
company and PICC Life holds the remaining 75.1 percent. The joint venture
commenced operations in March 2014. 

 Consumer Insurance continues to explore other potential life
insurance and accident and health opportunities internationally. 

 Personal Insurance  aims to provide customers with the
products they need, distributed through the channels they prefer, and delivered
with excellent customer service. Personal Insurance is focused on profitable
growth in its selected market segments, with targeted investments in both scale
businesses and emerging markets. Personal Insurance will continue to leverage
its strong risk management and market expertise to foster growth by providing
innovative and competitive solutions to its customers and distributors. 

 Operational Effectiveness 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are continuing to invest in initiatives to enable simpler
and more agile low-cost operating models to provide superior service and
position our operating platforms to accommodate significant future growth. In
Japan, we continue to invest in technology and systems to improve operating
efficiency and make it easier for our partners and our customers to do business
with us, with the intent to ultimately increase our market share and facilitate
our expansion in segments of the market that are expected to grow over the next
decade, given demographic trends. In the U.S. Life business, we are focused on
leveraging our most efficient systems environments and increased automation of
our underwriting process. We believe that these simpler operating models will
allow for productivity improvements and enhance our ability to leverage common
functionality across product lines and borders, further supporting profitable
growth.  

 Investment
Strategy 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our investment objective is to
maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities having
weighted average durations that are matched to the duration and cash flow
profile of our liabilities, to the extent practicable. Our investment strategy
is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements,
asset-liability matching and available investment opportunities. See
Investments for additional discussion of investment strategies. 


 


 
  
   
   67 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 2 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Profitability and Capital Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We intend to continue to enhance profitability and capital
efficiency within our insurance entities through disciplined pricing, in-force
profitability management and effective management of risk. Volatility risk
controls including required minimum allocations to fixed and volatility control
accounts, rider fees indexed to an equity market volatility index and our
comprehensive dynamic hedging program are critical tools for products where we
have significant equity market risk and exposure to changes in interest rates.
Additionally, our scale and the breadth of our product offerings provide
diversification of risk. Within our Non-Life Insurance Companies, we continue
to streamline our legal entity structure to enhance transparency with
regulators and optimize capital efficiency. 

 See Results of Operations — Segment Results — Consumer
Insurance Results and Insurance Reserves for additional information. 









 


 
  
   
   68 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Results of Operations 
   
  
 


 The following section provides a comparative discussion of
our Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended
December 31, 2014. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business segment
are discussed in more detail within that business segment discussion. For a
discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates that affect the Results of
Operations, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section of this MD&A. 

 The
following table presents our consolidated results of operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       37,499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       38,189 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,192 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
       20,343 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,087 
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,504 
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,899 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,214 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
       32,036 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,340 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,709 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
       13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
       13,013 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,319 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
       651 
   
  
     
   
  
       32 
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,138 
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested
  businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
       48 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,736 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,323 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,891 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
       360 
   
  
     
   
  
       (808) 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,699 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
       84 
   
  
     
   
  
       1 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,700 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to
  noncontrolling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
       7 
   
  
     
   
  
       262 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (97) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,438 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   164 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209
million related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital
loss carryforward valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludable from
gross income related to the  global
resolution of certain residential mortgage-related disputes  and $68 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 3.8 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies’ capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396 million related
to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated with foreign
jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest income. 
These items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related to
uncertain tax positions.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2012, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was (27.9) percent. The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
decreases in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital loss carryforward
valuation allowance of $1.9 billion related to the actual and projected gains
from the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available-for-sale securities, and tax
effects associated with tax exempt interest income of $302 million.  These
items were partially offset by changes in uncertain tax positions of $446
million. 


 


 
  
   
   69 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income
attributable to AIG to after-tax operating income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions and other tax
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   543 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income tax valuation allowance
  releases 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,237) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,911) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of fixed maturity
  securities designated to hedge living 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit liabilities, net of interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA
  and SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   related to net realized capital gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
 
   
   Other (income) expense - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   (470) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (687) 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from divested businesses,
  including gain on the sale of ILFC 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,462) 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,039 
   
  
 
   
   Legal reserves (settlements) related to
  legacy crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
 
   
   Non-qualifying derivative hedging (gains)
  losses, excluding net realized capital 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,542 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average diluted shares
  outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687,226,641 
   
  
 
   
    Income per common share attributable to
  AIG (diluted) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income per common
  share attributable  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4.58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4.49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3.88 
   
  
 


 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG for 2014 was essentially flat compared to
2013, primarily due to higher income tax expense, partially offset by an
increase in income from insurance operations.  

 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG increased in 2013 compared to 2012,
primarily due to increases in income from insurance operations, lower income
tax expense and noncontrolling interests, partially offset by fair value gains
on AIG’s previously held interests in AIA ordinary shares, Maiden Lane II LLC
(ML II), and ML III. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was
30.9 percent.  The significant
factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax
benefits resulting from tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax
items, and the impact of discrete tax benefits .  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating
income was 28.8 percent. The significant factors that contributed to the
difference from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax
exempt interest income and other permanent tax items, and the impact of
discrete tax benefits. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2012, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating
income was 31.6 percent. The difference from the statutory rate was primarily
due to tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax items. 

 

 

 


 
  
   
   70 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Segment Results 

 


 We report the results of our operations through two
reportable segments: Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance. The Corporate
and Other category consists of businesses and items not allocated to our
reportable segments. 

 The
following table summarizes the operations of each reportable segment and
Corporate and Other. See also Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,215 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,736 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (319) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,005 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidations, eliminations and other
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,390 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,938 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair values of fixed maturity
  securities designated to hedge living 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   benefit liabilities, net of interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
  VOBA, and SIA related to net realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,608) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,213) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,282) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (651) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,411) 
   
  
 
   
   Legal settlements related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
 
   
   Legal reserves related to legacy crisis
  matters 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (546) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (754) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-qualifying derivative hedging gains,
  excluding net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
 


 *    Certain 2013
severance expenses for Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance are included
in Corporate & Other.  As these expenses, which total $263 million, are
related to an overall AIG initiative to centralize work streams into lower cost
locations, and create a more streamlined organization, they have not been
allocated to the operating segments. 

   

 
  
   
   pre-tax operating INCOME    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   commercial
  insurance 
     
   
     
   
  
   consumer
  insurance 
     
   
     
   
  
 


    

 

   

 


 
  
   
   71 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Pre-tax Income Comparison for 2014 and 2013 

 


 Pre-tax
income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to an increase in
pre-tax operating income for Commercial Insurance, a $2.3 billion increase in
income from divested businesses associated with the gain recognized upon
completion of the sale of ILFC in 2014 and lower loss recognition expense
reported in c hanges
in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA, and SIA related to net realized capital
gains . These increases were
partially offset by higher loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt
management activities, a decrease in net realized capital gains driven by lower
gains from sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward
utilization in 2013, and a decrease in legal settlements with financial
institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of RMBS from
which we realized losses during the financial crisis.  

 The
change in the fair value of GMWB and GMAV embedded policy derivatives, net of
the change in fair value of all related economic hedges, resulted in a $149
million decrease in pre-tax income in 2014 compared to 2013. In 2014, we
reduced our exposure to interest rate changes and consequently, the increase in
the embedded policy derivative liability in 2014 was largely offset by the
change in the fair value of related hedges. In 2013, pre-tax income increased
due  to the  decrease
in the embedded policy derivative liability driven by an increase in interest
rates, which was only partially offset by hedging. The changes in fair value of
the embedded policy derivatives and the majority of the related economic hedges
are reported in Net realized gains (losses), and the change in fair value of
certain U.S. Treasury bonds which hedge interest rate risk are reported in
Change in fair value of certain fixed maturity securities designated to hedge
living benefit liabilities.  

 The
increase in pre-tax income in 2014 compared to 2013 included an increase due to
lower changes in certain benefit reserves, DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net
realized capital gains, which was primarily comprised of loss recognition
expense in the Institutional Markets and Retirement operating segments,
totaling $30 million in 2014 and $1.5 billion in 2013,  attributable primarily to investment sales related to
capital loss carryforward utilization with reinvestment of the sales proceeds
at lower yields. Changes in certain benefit reserves, DAC, VOBA and SIA related
to net realized capital gains also included loss recognition expense  in Corporate and Other of $140 million in 2014
and $98 million in 2013. 

 

 Pre-tax
Income Comparison for 2013 and 2012 

 


 Pre-tax
income increased in 2013 compared to  2012  primarily due to
an increase in pre-tax operating income for both Commercial Insurance and
Consumer Insurance, a $6.7 billion increase due to the loss associated with the
announced sale of ILFC in 2012, an increase in legal settlements related to
legacy crisis matters and an increase in net realized capital gains, driven by
gains from sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward
utilization in 2013, partially offset by impairments on investments in life
settlements, an increase in loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt
management activities and higher loss recognition expense reported in changes
in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA, and SIA related to net realized capital gains. 

 The
aggregate change in the fair value of GMWB and GMAV embedded policy derivatives
net of the change in fair value of all related economic hedges, reported within
Net realized capital gains (losses) and Change in fair value of fixed maturity
securities designated to hedge living benefit liabilities, resulted in a $719
million increase in pre-tax income in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to
the increase in interest rates. 

 Change
in certain benefit reserves, DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net realized capital
gains was largely comprised of loss recognition expense in the Institutional
Markets and Retirement operating segments, totaling $1.5 billion in 2013 and
$1.2 billion in 2012, that was  attributable
primarily to investment sales related to capital loss carryforward utilization
with reinvestment of the sales proceeds at lower yields. Change in certain
benefit reserves, DAC, VOBA and SIA also included loss recognition expense  in Corporate and Other of $98 million in 2013. 

 Net Investment Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income is attributed to the operating segments
of Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses. 


 


 
  
   
   72 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 For Commercial Insurance — Property
Casualty and Consumer Insurance — Personal Insurance, we estimate investable
funds based primarily on loss reserves, unearned premiums and a capital
allocation for each operating segment. The net investment income allocation is
calculated based on the estimated investable funds and risk-free yields (plus a
liquidity premium) consistent with the approximate duration of the liabilities,
and excludes net investment income associated with the run-off insurance lines
reported in Corporate and Other. The remaining excess is attributed to
Commercial Insurance — Property Casualty and Consumer Insurance — Personal
Insurance based on the relative net investment income previously allocated. 

 For Commercial Insurance — Institutional Markets, Consumer
Insurance — Retirement and Consumer Insurance — Life, net investment income is
attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios.
Invested assets in excess of liabilities are allocated to product lines based
on internal capital estimates. 

 Property Casualty,
International Life and Personal Insurance's business is transacted in most
major foreign currencies. The following table presents the average of the
quarterly weighted average exchange rates of the currencies that have the most
significant impact on our businesses:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage  Change 
   
  
 
   
   Rate for 1 USD 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Currency: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   JPY 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104.43 
   
  
   95.86 
   
  
   79.32 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   EUR 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.76 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   GBP 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.61 
   
  
   0.64 
   
  
   0.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 









 Commercial
insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial
Insurance Results  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Commercial Insurance
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,096 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
general operating expenses, commissions and other acquisition expenses. 

 

 Commercial
Insurance Results by Operating Segment 

 


 Commercial
Insurance presents its financial information in three operating segments –
Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Commercial Insurance Results of
Operations for 2014, 2013 and 2012 by operating segment.  

 


 
  
   
   73 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Property Casualty Results 

 


 The
following table presents Property Casualty results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,779 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,673 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,298 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,248 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN  
   (in millions )  
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME 
   (in millions )  
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating income  increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreases in underwriting
loss, partially offset by a decrease in net investment income. The decrease in
underwriting loss was primarily due to an increase in production, lower charges
due to changes in discount for workers’ compensation reserves as discussed
further under Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies- Discounting of
Reserves, lower catastrophe losses and lower general operating expenses. The
loss reserve discount charge decreased to $71 million in 2014 from $322 million
in 2013. Catastrophe losses decreased to $602 million in 2014 from
$710 million in 2013. These decreases were partially offset by higher
adverse prior year loss reserve development in all lines of business except for
Property, and an increase in current accident year losses reflecting higher frequency
of non-severe losses in the Property and Specialty businesses. The current accident
year losses for 2014 included 30 severe losses totaling $592 million compared
to 27 severe losses totaling $569 million in the prior year. Net adverse prior
year loss reserve development, including related premium adjustments, was
$550 million and $294 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as discussed
further under Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies – Net Loss
Development.  


 


 
  
   
   74 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Acquisition
expenses  decreased in 2014 compared to
2013 primarily due to a reduction in expenses related to personnel engaged in
sales support activities, and lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other
assessments reflecting a change in business mix. 

 General operating expenses  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies
from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher
technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. In the prior
year, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt
expense.  

 Net investment income  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
decrease in interest rates during 2014,  as yields on new purchases were
lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio , lower income on alternative investments, and lower income
associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option, as the
increase related to the PICC P&C rights offerings was more than offset by a
decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair value
option. These were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio
diversification. Additionally, the decrease in allocated net investment income
is also due to a reduction in net loss reserves. 

 See MD&A – Investments for
additional information on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets,
investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.   

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  increased in 2013, compared
to 2012, primarily due to a lower underwriting loss as a result of lower
catastrophe losses, rate increases, enhanced risk selection and loss mitigation
activities and an increase in net investment income. Catastrophe losses
decreased to $710 million in 2013 from $2.3 billion in 2012. Partially
offsetting these improvements was a loss reserve discount charge of $322
million in 2013, compared to a $100 million benefit in 2012. See Insurance
Reserves –  Non-Life Insurance Companies –  Discounting of Reserves for further discussion. In
addition, the current accident year losses for 2013 included severe losses of
$569 million compared to $293 million in 2012. This increase was driven largely
by a large property loss and related contingent business interruption claims,
totaling $131 million in 2013 and by an increased frequency of severe losses in
2013 compared to 2012. Net adverse prior year loss reserve development
increased by $30 million compared to 2012. Net adverse prior year loss reserve
development, including related premium adjustments was $294 million in 2013,
which included $149 million of adverse prior year loss reserve development
related to Storm Sandy, compared to $236 million in 2012. The adverse prior
year loss reserve development related to Storm Sandy resulted from higher
severities on a small number of existing large and complex commercial claims. 
These increased severities were driven by a number of factors, including the
extensive damage caused to properties in the downtown New York metropolitan
area.  

 Acquisition expenses  decreased in 2013, compared to
2012, due to changes in reinsurance, the timing of guaranty funds and other
assessments, as well as change in business mix.  

 General operating expenses  decreased in 2013, compared
to 2012, primarily due to a decrease in bad debt expense and reduced costs for
strategic initiatives. Bad debt expense decreased by $159 million in 2013 from $140
million in 2012. The decrease in bad debt expense was primarily due to
reductions in prior year reserves, as collections exceeded the originally
estimated recoveries. Strategic initiatives which include technology-related
expenses and those severance charges borne by Property Casualty, decreased by $137
million in 2013 from $277 million in 2012. These decreases were partially
offset by an increase in the cost of employee incentive plans primarily due to an
improved alignment of employee performance with the overall performance of the
organization, including our stock performance, and accelerated vesting
provisions for retirement-eligible individuals in the 2013 share-based plan.  

 Net investment income  increased in 2013, compared to
2012, primarily due to increased alternative investment income derived from
equity market performance and income associated with the PICC P&C shares
that are accounted for under the fair value option. This alternative investment
performance was primarily due to our investments in hedge funds, which
benefited from equity market performance. Fair value increases also contributed
to the net investment income increase. The portion of our investment in PICC
P&C shares accounted for under the fair value option contributed $110 million
to net investment income. Although interest rates remained at historically low
levels, there were upward movements in rates throughout the year, with the ten
year U.S. Treasury yield increasing 126 basis points during 2013.  These
increasing rates, coupled with continued portfolio diversification, helped
mitigate the effects of interest rates on matured or sold investments  
 


 
  
   
   75 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 exceeding new investment yields. The combination of
improving yield differential and above average alternative investment returns increased
the return on invested assets by approximately 0.4 points to 4.2 percent.  

 Property
Casualty Net Premiums Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by major line of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,204 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty net premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Property Casualty NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Line of Business    
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Property Casualty net premiums
written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting increases in new
business related to targeted growth products in Property and Financial lines. 

 Casualty  net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily due to the effect on renewals from our strategy to enhance risk
selection, particularly in the Americas. Strong growth and new writings in
certain lines of business, particularly in EMEA, were more than offset by the
declines in the Americas.  

 Property  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily due to new business increases in targeted growth products, and
optimization of Property Casualty’s reinsurance structure as part of its
decision to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate
exposure.  

 We entered into a catastrophe bond
reinsurance transaction, effective as of January 1, 2014, with Tradewynd Re
Ltd., which provides Property Casualty and Personal Insurance with up to $400
million of indemnity reinsurance protection against U.S.,  
 


 
  
   
   76 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Gulf
of Mexico and Caribbean named storms, and U.S. and Canadian earthquakes. To
fund its potential obligations to us, Tradewynd Re Ltd. issued three tranches
of notes. The transaction provides Property Casualty and Personal Insurance
with fully collateralized coverage against losses from those events on a
per-occurrence basis through December 2016. Catastrophe bond reinsurance
transactions reduced net premiums written by $56 million and $140 million in
2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 Specialty  net premiums written decreased slightly in 2014, compared
to 2013 primarily reflecting lower retention and rate decline in the EMEA
region. This decline was largely offset by new business increases related to
targeted growth products, including growth in small‑ and medium‑sized
enterprise markets in the Americas region.  

 Financial lines  net premiums written increased in 2014, compared to 2013 reflecting
growth in new business related to targeted growth products across all regions,
as well as a favorable rate environment in the U.S.  

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Casualty  net premiums written decreased in 2013,
compared to 2012, primarily due to the execution of our strategy to enhance
risk selection, particularly in the Americas and EMEA, as well as to increase
specific reinsurance purchases to better manage our exposures. Changes in
reinsurance strategy decreased net premiums written by approximately $185
million in 2013, compared to 2012. We implemented rate increases in retained
business, especially in the U.S., that partially offset these premium
decreases.   

 Property  net premiums written increased in 2013,
compared to 2012, primarily due to growth in new business across all regions,
favorable retention in renewal businesses and increases in coverage limits and
changes to our per-risk reinsurance program to retain more favorable risks,
while continuing to manage aggregate exposure. Catastrophe-exposed businesses
in the Americas also benefitted from rate increases. 

 The increase in net premiums written was partially offset by
the effect of catastrophe bond transactions which provide coverage for several
years with ceded written premium recognized at the inception of the
transaction. In 2013, we entered into two multi-year catastrophe bond
transactions, which provide $525 million of indemnity protection, in the
aggregate, against U.S., Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico named storms, and U.S.
and Canadian earthquakes through the end of 2018. These transactions reduced
net premiums written in 2013 by $140 million. There was no similar reduction in
2012 as our previous catastrophe bond issuance occurred in the fourth quarter
of 2011.   

 Specialty  net premiums written increased in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to rate increases in environmental business,
small-and medium-sized enterprise markets in the Americas region, and new
business growth in EMEA. Additionally, the restructuring of our reinsurance
program to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate
exposure, increased net premiums written by $144 million in 2013, compared to
2012.    

 Financial lines  net premiums written increased in 2013
compared to 2012, reflecting growth in new business related to targeted growth
products, particularly in the EMEA region as well as an improved rate
environment globally. Global professional indemnity net premiums written
increased by $86 million in 2013 compared to 2012, due to improved rates, strong
new business growth and the restructuring of our reinsurance program, as part
of our decision to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage
aggregate exposure.  

 See Part I. Item 1 Business – Reinsurance Activities for
further discussion on catastrophe bond transactions. 

   
 


 
  
   
   77 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Property Casualty Net Premiums Written by
Region 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by region: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,799 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,050 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,795 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   property casualty NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Region  
   
   (in millions) 
   

   
   
  
 

    

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 The Americas  net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to declines in new business growth and rate pressure,
particularly in the Casualty business. However, for 2014, the decrease in net
premiums written was partially offset by lower ceded premiums from catastrophe
reinsurance transactions described above in 2014 compared to 2013. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written decreased slightly in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Japanese yen. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written
increased primarily due to increases in targeted growth products, and changes
to optimize our reinsurance structure as part of our decision to retain more
favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure, particularly in
Japan.  

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to new business growth across all lines of businesses, except for
Specialty. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 The Americas  net premiums written increased in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to rate increases, partially offset by
decreases in Casualty business reflecting the execution of our strategy to
enhance risk selection and the effect of the timing of the catastrophe
reinsurance transactions.  


 


 
  
   
   78 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Asia Pacific  net premiums
written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to organic growth and
rate increases in Property, Specialty, and Casualty. In addition, our decision
to retain more favorable risks in Property and Financial lines increased net
premiums written in 2013 compared to 2012. 

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2013 compared
to 2012, due to new business growth, particularly in Property and Financial
lines, and a change in reinsurance strategies to retain more favorable risks in
those lines.  

 Property
Casualty Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present the Property Casualty
combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to the accident year
combined ratio, as adjusted: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.9 
   
  
   80.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
   (8.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.4) 
   
  
   (10.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
   (1.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.4 
   
  
   68.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
   (3.5) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.1 
   
  
   16.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.6 
   
  
   13.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.7 
   
  
   30.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.6 
   
  
   110.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.4) 
   
  
   (9.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.4) 
   
  
   (10.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
   (1.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   95.1 
   
  
   99.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
   (4.2) 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   property casualty ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 


   

 See Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance
Companies for further discussion of discounting of reserves and prior year
development. 


 


 
  
   
   79 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following tables present  Property Casualty’s  accident year
catastrophe and severe losses by region and number of events: 

 Catastrophes (a) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   602 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   283 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   710 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone (b) 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,760 
   
  
 
   
   Drought 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,270 
   
  
 


 (a) Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on Commercial
Insurance in excess of $10 million each.  

 (b)    Includes  Storm Sandy flooding and wind damage losses of $1.7
billion. 

 Severe Losses * 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   592 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   139 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   293 
   
  
 


 *     Severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual
first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 2014 and
2013 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 1.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013 reflecting decreases in
the expense ratio and the loss ratio.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 0.9 points in 2014 compared
2013, primarily due to lower expense ratio which was partially offset by a
higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2014, compared to
2013, primarily due to higher frequency of non-severe losses, particularly in
Property and Specialty businesses. This was partially offset by an improvement
in Financial lines, particularly in the U.S., reflecting enhanced risk
selection and pricing discipline. Severe losses represented approximately 2.8
points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in both 2014 and 2013.  

 The
acquisition ratio decreased by 0.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to a reduction in expenses of personnel engaged in sales support
activities, lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other assessments. 


 


 
  
   
   80 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points
in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational
realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses
and an increase in bad debt expense. In 2013, general operating expenses
benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense. 

 2013 and
2012 Comparison 

 The combined
ratio decreased by 9.3 points in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to a
decrease in the loss ratio.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, improved by 4.2 points in 2013  compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower accident year
loss ratio, as adjusted.    

 The improvement
in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflects the realization of
benefits from the continued execution of our strategy to enhance risk
selection, pricing discipline, exposure management and claims processing.
Although the execution of these strategies resulted in a reduction of Casualty
net premiums written in both the Americas and EMEA regions, it also improved
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. Severe losses represented
approximately 2.8 points in 2013 compared to 1.4 points in 2012, and are
included in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. In 2013, one single
event, totaling $131 million, accounted for approximately 0.6 points of the
increase. 

 The acquisition
ratio decreased by 0.5 points in 2013  compared
to 2012, primarily due to a change in business mix and reinsurance structures . 

 The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2013,  compared to 2012, primarily due to  a reduction in bad debt expense, which contributed
approximately 0.8 points to the decrease, and lower strategic initiatives
expenses, which contributed approximately 0.6 points to the decrease. These
decreases were partially offset by the increase in employee incentive plan
expense, which represented an approximately 1.0 point increase.  

 Mortgage
Guaranty Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Mortgage Guaranty results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 vs. 2012 
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,048 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   858 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   904 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   809 
   
  
     
   
  
   715 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   659 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Key metrics: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    Prior year loss reserve development
  (favorable)/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   unfavorable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Domestic first-lien: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New insurance written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,356 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   91.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   134.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Risk in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   60+ day delinquency ratio on primary
  loans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Domestic second-lien: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Risk in force (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   81 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Based on number of policies. 

 (b) Represents the full amount of second-lien loans insured
reduced for contractual aggregate loss limits on certain pools of loans, which
is usually 10 percent of the full amount of loans insured in each pool.
Certain second-lien pools have reinstatement provisions, which will expire as
the loan balances are repaid. 

   

 
  
   
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME  
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   domestic first-lien new insurance written  
   (in millions) 
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency rates,
higher cure rates and an increase in first-lien net premiums earned reflecting
higher persistency. 

 First Lien Results 

 First-lien pre-tax operating income  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of a $229
million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred
reflecting fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year loss reserve
development, and higher cure rates. In addition, first-lien pre-tax operating
income increased due to a $119 million increase in first-lien net premiums
earned in 2014 compared to 2013, largely from growth in the book of business,
higher persistency, and, to a lesser extent, the acceleration of premiums
earned as the result of the recognition of a shorter expected coverage period
on certain single premium business. The decrease in first-lien losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums
resulted in an improved combined ratio of 52.6 points in 2014 compared to 91.1
points in 2013. 

 Acquisition expenses  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of the decrease in new insurance written related to the
decline in mortgage originations.  

 General operating expenses  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to increased technology expenses and an impairment charge on
certain capitalized technology costs. 

 Other Business Results 

 Other business results include second-lien insurance, student
loan insurance and non-domestic mortgage insurance operations. 

 The Other business’ pre-tax operating income  for 2014
was $82 million compared to $27 million in 2013. The increase in pre-tax
operating income is due to a decline in losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred of $62 million and a $17 million reduction in underwriting expenses, partially
offset by a decline in net premiums earned of $22 million and a decline in net
investment income of $2 million. 


 


 
  
   
   82 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 2013
and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  increased in 2013 compared
to 2012 due to an increase in net premiums earned and a decline in incurred
losses from lower delinquency rates and higher cure rates. 

 First Lien Results 

 First-lien pre-tax operating income  increased in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of
a $157 million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred reflecting lower newly reported delinquencies and higher cure rates
and a $127 million increase in first-lien net premiums earned largely from
growth in the book of business in 2013. This increase was partially offset by
$46 million of unfavorable prior year development in 2013 compared to
unfavorable prior year development of $17 million in 2012.  The decline in first-lien losses and loss adjustment
expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums resulted in an
improved combined ratio of 91.1 points in 2013 compared to 134.4 points in
2012. 

 Acquisition expenses  increased in 2013 compared to
2012, primarily as a result of the increase in new insurance written related to
the increase in mortgage originations resulting from the addition and expansion
in distribution channels.   

 General operating expenses  increased in 2013 compared
to 2012 due to increased servicing costs related to the growth in the in-force
business. 

 Other Business Results 

 Other business results include second-lien insurance,
student loan insurance and non-domestic mortgage insurance operations. 

 The Other business’ pre-tax operating income  for 2013
was $27 million, $56 million lower than 2012. The decline in pre-tax operating
income was primarily due to a decline in net premiums earned of $32 million and
an increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred of $12 million, and
a $2 million increase in underwriting expenses.   

 New Insurance Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The decline in domestic first-lien new insurance written to
$42.0 billion in 2014 from $49.4 billion in 2013 was primarily due to the
contraction in the mortgage originations market and an increase in competition. 

 New insurance written increased to $49.4 billion in 2013 from
$37.3 billion in 2012 due to the increase in mortgage originations. 

 Delinquency Inventory 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business
declined during 2014 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number
of newly reported delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first lien primary
delinquency ratio at December 31, 2014 was 4.4 percent compared to 5.9 percent
at December 31, 2013. Over the last several quarters, Mortgage Guaranty has
experienced a decline in newly reported defaults and an increase in cure rates. 

 The delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business
declined during 2013 as a result of higher cure rates and fewer newly reported
delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first lien primary delinquency ratio at
December 31, 2013 was 5.9 percent compared to 8.8 percent at December 31, 2012.
 




   


 


 
  
   
   83 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table provides
a summary of activity in Mortgage Guaranty’s domestic first lien delinquency
inventory: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (number of policies) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Number of delinquencies at the beginning
  of the year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,518 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,034 
   
  
 
   
   Newly reported 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,552 
   
  
 
   
   Cures 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,680) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51,283) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58,993) 
   
  
 
   
   Claims paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,601) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,862) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,712) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (363) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,049) 
   
  
 
   
   Number of delinquencies at the end of the
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,357 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,832 
   
  
 


 Mortgage Guaranty Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present the Mortgage Guaranty
combined ratios based on GAAP data: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   92.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   90.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   119.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 2014
and 2013 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 41.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013. The decrease was
driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to lower losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred from fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year
loss reserve development, and higher cure rates. 

 The
acquisition ratio decreased by 2.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  Acquisition
expenses decreased compared to an increase in net premiums earned, driven by
the decreases in new insurance written in 2014 due to lower mortgage
originations. 

 The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  The
decrease was driven primarily by growth in earned premiums. 

 2013
and 2012 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 28.3 points in 2013 compared to 2012.  The decrease was
driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio by 28.7 points in 2013 due to
lower losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred. 

 The
acquisition ratio increased by 0.4 points in 2013 compared to 2012.  The increase
in acquisition expense was driven by the increase in mortgage originations.   

 The general
operating expense ratio remained relatively unchanged in 2013 compared to 2012. 


 


 
  
   
   84 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Institutional
Markets Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Institutional Markets results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   610 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   458 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   680 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   525 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS pre-tax OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  for 2014
decreased slightly compared to 2013, as a decrease in net investment income was
only partially offset by an increase in fee income. The increase in fee income
was driven by growth in reserves and assets under management, primarily from
strong development of the stable value wrap business.   The notional amount of stable value
wrap assets under management at December 31, 2014 grew by $7.8 billion or 32
percent from December 31, 2013, which excluded a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts for a stable value funding agreement. Growth in reserves also
reflected a GIC deposit of $450 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 under a
funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, in which an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues to investors medium-term notes, which
are secured by GICs issued by one of the Life Insurance Companies. Under the
funding agreement-backed notes program, issuances will be made
opportunistically based upon pricing and demand available in the marketplace. 

 Net investment income  for
2014 decreased compared to 2013, primarily due to lower net investment income
from alternative investments and from the base portfolio. The 2014 decrease in
alternative investment income of $41 million compared to 2013 primarily
reflected high hedge fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market
conditions. The decrease in base net investment income in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily reflected lower base portfolio yield as a result of reinvestment in
the  
 


 
  
   
   85 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 low interest rate environment, partially offset by
growth in average assets. See MD&A – Investments – Life Insurance Companies
for additional information on th e investment
strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life
Insurance Companies, which include the invested assets of the Institutional
Markets business.  

 General
operating expenses  in 2014 increased
slightly compared to 2013, primarily due to investments in technology. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income 
for 2013 increased compared to 2012, due in part to higher net investment income
from alternative investments, partially offset by lower base net investment
income. Interest credited to policyholder account balances in 2012 included
$110 million of expense resulting from a comprehensive review of reserves for
the GIC portfolio. Results for 2013 included a full year of the growing stable
value wrap business, which contributed $31 million to the increase in pre-tax
operating income compared to 2012. Stable value wrap notional assets under
management grew to $24.6 billion at December 31, 2013 from $10.4 billion at
December 31, 2012, including the notional amount of contracts transferred from
an AIG affiliate. 

 Net
investment income  for
2013 increased slightly compared to 2012, primarily due to higher net
investment income from alternative investments, largely offset by lower income
from the base portfolio. The increase in alternative investment income in 2013
compared to 2012 reflected higher hedge fund income due to favorable equity
market conditions. The decrease in base net income was primarily due to
investment of available cash, including proceeds from sales of securities made
during 2013 to utilize capital loss carryforwards, at rates below the weighted
average yield of the overall portfolio. 
  

 General
operating expenses  in 2013 increased
compared to 2012, primarily to support increased volume in the stable value
wrap business. 

 Institutional
Markets Premiums, Deposits and Net Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For Institutional Markets, premiums represent amounts
received on traditional life insurance policies and life-contingent payout annuities
or structured settlements. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received
on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity contracts, including
GICs and stable value wrap funding agreements. 

 The
following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional Markets premiums and
deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   991 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   774 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,344) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (289) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   610 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   458 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The decrease
in premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a high volume of
single-premium products sold in 2013, including life-contingent payout annuities. 
Sales of these products decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a more
competitive environment as well as continued low interest rates.  The increase
in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 included a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts of one of the Life Insurance Companies for a stable value
wrap funding agreement. The majority of stable value wrap sales are measured
based on the notional amount included in assets under management, but do not
include the receipt of funds that would be included in premiums and deposits. 
The increase in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 also reflected a $450 million
GIC issued in 2014.  

 The increase
in premiums in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected a high volume of single-premium
product sales in 2013, including structured settlements with life contingencies
and terminal funding annuities. The increase in deposits in 2013 compared to
2012 reflected strong sales of high net worth products, primarily private
placement variable annuities. 



 
  



 
 


 
  
   
   86 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Consumer
Insurance Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Consumer Insurance
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,302 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes general operating expenses, non deferrable
commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee expenses and other
expenses. 

 

 Consumer Insurance Results by Operating Segment 

 


 Consumer Insurance presents its operating results in three
operating segments – Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Consumer Insurance Results of
Operations for 2014, 2013 and 2012 by operating segment. 

 Retirement Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Retirement results:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   893 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
     
   
  
   945 
   
  
     
   
  
   802 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,490 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   87 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
   RETIREMENT pre-tax OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2014 and
2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  for Retirement in 2014
was comparable to 2013, as higher policy fees and the higher positive impact of
actuarial assumption updates were offset by lower net investment income from
alternative investments. The increase in policy fees was driven by growth in variable
annuity separate account assets from positive net flows and favorable equity
markets. A higher volume of commissions and advisory fees included in Other
income, net of related expenses, was driven by increased assets under
management .  

 Pre-tax
operating income in  both years included a net
positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items in the investment-oriented product
lines, which resulted in a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2014, compared to a $233 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2013. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and
Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for amounts by product line and financial
statement line item and additional discussion. 

 Net
investment income  for 2014 decreased
compared to 2013, primarily due to a $158 million decrease in income from
alternative investments, including higher hedge fund income in 2013, which
benefited from favorable equity market conditions and several large hedge fund
redemptions. The decrease in hedge fund income in 2014 compared to 2013 was
partially offset by an increase in private equity fund income. 

 Base net
investment income for 2014 increased slightly compared to 2013, as
participation income on a commercial mortgage loan and income from the
redemption of an invested asset in 2014 more than offset the effect of lower
base yields from reinvestment at rates below the weighted average yield of the
overall portfolio. See Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional
information on  th e
investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of
our Life Insurance Companies,  which include the invested assets of the Retirement business. 

 Overall,
Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2014 declined compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash
flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in
the historically low interest rate environment.  The Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines were able to
maintain base spreads in 2014 at a level comparable to 2013, and Retirement
Income  Solutions base  spread increased, as a result of active crediting rate
management. See Spread Management below for additional discussion. 

 General
operating expenses  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013, due in part to technology investments and the volume of continued
sales growth of annuities in the Retirement Income Solutions and Fixed
Annuities product lines. 


 


 
  
   
   88 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  f or Retirement in 2013 increased significantly compared to
2012, reflecting higher fee income from variable annuities driven by growth in
assets under management, active spread management in interest rate sensitive
product lines,  higher alternative investment
income, and higher positive impact of actuarial assumption updates . Commissions and advisory fees reflected in Advisory fee
and other income, and related Advisory fee expenses,  were both higher in 2013
compared to 2012 principally due to the acquisition of Woodbury Financial Services
Inc. (Woodbury Financial) in November 2012. 

 Pre-tax
operating income in 2013 included a net increase of $233 million from
adjustments to update certain gross profit assumptions used to amortize DAC and
related items in investment-oriented product lines, compared to a net increase
of $84 million in 2012. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC
and Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for additional information on
assumption updates. 

 N et investment income 
for 2013 increased compared to 2012, primarily due to higher income from
alternative investments, partially offset by ML II fair value gains recognized
in 2012 and lower base income due to reinvestment of investment proceeds at
lower rates.  The $340 million increase in
alternative investment income in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected higher hedge
fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market conditions and several large
redemptions from hedge funds.    

 General
operating expenses  increased in 2013
compared to 2012 primarily to support stronger sales of annuities in the
Retirement Income Solutions and Fixed Annuities product lines and increased
Retail Mutual Fund sales.  Higher operating expenses in 2013 also reflected the
acquisition of Woodbury Financial in November 2012, and the absence of guaranty
fund assessment credits received in 2012. 

 Spread Management 

 The
contractual provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum
crediting rates included in products may have the effect, in a sustained low
interest rate environment, of reducing spreads and thus reducing future
profitability. Although this interest rate risk is partially mitigated through
the Life Insurance Companies’ asset‑liability management process, product
design elements and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low interest rate
environment may negatively affect future profitability.   

 Disciplined
pricing on new business and active crediting rate management have allowed the
Retirement operating segment to maintain base investment spread rates in the
Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines for 2014 at a level
comparable to 2013, during a period in which base yields continued to decline
due to investment of available cash flows in the low interest rate environment,
including the full year impact from reinvestment of proceeds from sales made
during 2013 to utilize capital loss carryforwards.  The base investment spread
rates for the Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product line improved in
2013 compared to 2012 as a result of our disciplined pricing and management of
renewal crediting rates. 

 Disciplined
pricing on new business  is used to pursue
new sales of annuity products at targeted net investment spreads in the current
rate environment. Retirement has an active product management process to ensure
that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest rate
environment. To the extent that Retirement cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products that had higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as permitted under
state insurance laws for new sales. As a result,  new sales of fixed annuity products generally have minimum interest rate
guarantees of one percent . 

 Renewal
crediting rate management  is  done under contractual provisions in annuity products that
were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals
subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. Retirement has adjusted, and will
continue to adjust, crediting rates to maintain targeted net investment spreads
on in-force business. In addition to deferred annuity products, certain
traditional long-duration products for which Retirement does not have the
ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout annuities, are exposed to
reduced earnings and potential loss recognition reserve increases in a
sustained low interest rate environment. See Insurance Reserves - Life
Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Loss Recognition for additional
discussion. 


 


 
  
   
   89 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 As of December 31, 2014, Retirement’s fixed annuity
reserves, which include fixed options offered within variable annuities sold in
the Group Retirement and Retirement Income Solutions product lines as well as
reserves of the Fixed Annuities product line, had minimum guaranteed interest
rates ranging from 1.0 percent to 5.5 percent, with the higher rates
representing guarantees on older in-force products. As indicated in the table
below, approximately 71 percent of annuity account values were at their minimum
crediting rates as of December 31, 2014, compared to 74 percent at December 31,
2013. The decrease during 2014 in the percentage of annuity account values at
the minimum crediting rate was primarily due to new deposits that were
crediting at rates above the contractual minimum, and may include sales
inducements, as well as the run-off of older business that was at minimum
crediting rates. As a result of disciplined pricing on new business and the
run-off of older business with higher minimum interest crediting rates, fixed
annuity account values having contractual minimum guaranteed rates above 1
percent decreased from 84 percent at December 31, 2013 to 79 percent at
December 31, 2014 . 

 The
following table presents fixed annuity account values by contractual minimum
guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed annuities  * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,280 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,405 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,628 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,987 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,966 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,970 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,513 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,421 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95,499 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Fixed
annuities shown include fixed options within variable annuities sold in Group
Retirement and Retirement Income Solutions product lines. 

 Retirement Premiums and Deposits,
Surrenders and Net Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums  

 For Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received
on life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP
financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums,
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds . 

 The
following table presents a reconciliation of Retirement premiums and deposits
to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,048 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,203) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Premiums    increased
in 2014 compared to 2013, and in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to higher
immediate annuity premiums in the Fixed Annuities product line.  

 
  

   


 


 
  
   
   90 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Premiums and
Deposits and Net Flows  

 The following table presents
Retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by product line: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,578 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,828 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retail Mutual Funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement premiums and deposits* 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net flows 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,313) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,252) 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,598 
   
  
 
   
   Retail Mutual Funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,018 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (492) 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement net flows* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,334) 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes activity related to closed blocks of
fixed and variable annuities, which had reserves of approximately $5.4 billion
and $6.0 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

   

 
  
   
   RETIREMENT PREMIUMS AND
  DEPOSITS by Product Line  (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
     
   
  
 


 Premiums and deposits  for Retirement increased in 2014
compared to 2013, primarily due to continued strong demand for variable and
fixed index annuities in the Retirement Income Solutions product lines and
improved sales in Fixed Annuities, partially offset by lower deposits in Retail
Mutual Funds and Group Retirement. Premiums and deposits improved significantly
in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to strong sales across all product
lines. See below for additional discussion of each product line. 

 Net flows  for annuity products included in the Fixed
Annuities, Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines
represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal
benefits. Net flows from mutual funds, which are included in both the Retail Mutual
Funds and Group Retirement product lines, represent deposits less withdrawals.  


 


 
  
   
   91 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Total net flows for Retirement
decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, as higher surrenders and withdrawals in
2014, primarily in the Group Retirement and Retail Mutual Fund product lines,
resulted in a significant decrease in net flows compared to 2013. Net flows for
Retirement increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increase in
premiums and deposits, partially offset by higher surrenders in Group
Retirement and Retail Mutual Funds. See below for additional discussion of each
product line. 

 Premiums and Deposits and Net
Flows by Product Line 

 A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and
deposits and net flows for each product line follows: 

 Fixed Annuities  deposits increased in 2014 compared to
2013 due to modest increases in interest rates and steepening of the yield
curve in the first half of 2014, compared to lower rates in the prior year,
particularly in the first half of 2013. The increase in Fixed Annuities
deposits in 2013 compared to 2012 was due to the increase in market interest
rates in the second half of 2013. Fixed Annuities net flows continued to be
negative, but improved slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, and improved
significantly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increased
deposits. 

 Retirement Income Solutions  premiums and deposits and
net flows increased significantly in 2014 compared to 2013, and in 2013
compared to 2012, reflecting a continued high volume of variable and index
annuity sales, which have benefitted from consumer demand for retirement
products with guaranteed benefit features, product enhancements, expanded
distribution and a more favorable competitive environment. The improvement in
the surrender rate (see Surrender Rates below) was primarily due to the
significant growth in account value driven by the high volume of sales, which
has increased the proportion of business that is within the surrender charge
period. 

 Retail Mutual Fund  deposits and net flows decreased in
2014 compared to 2013 and increased in 2013 compared to 2012. These variances
were primarily driven by activity in the Focused Dividend Strategy Fund, which
had record sales in 2013. In 2014, the relative performance of the fund
declined, putting pressure on sales and withdrawal activity. 

 Group Retirement  net flows decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to higher group surrender activity, as well as lower
premiums and deposits. The increase in surrenders and surrender rate for 2014
compared to 2013 included large group surrenders of approximately $2.7 billion,
but reserves of this product line grew in 2014 compared to 2013, and the 2014
surrender activity is not expected to have a significant impact on pre-tax
operating income in 2015. The large group market has become increasingly
competitive and has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare providers
and other employers in our target markets. This trend of heightened competition
is expected to continue in 2015 as plan sponsors perform reviews of existing
retirement plan relationships.  The decrease in Group Retirement net flows in
2013 compared to 2012 was primarily a result of higher surrenders of individual
participants as well as large group surrenders. 

    Surrender
Rates  

 The following table presents reserves for annuity
product lines by surrender charge category: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Products (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,396 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,871 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,906 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,065 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,070 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,839 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,254 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,734 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,165 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,039 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   770 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,511 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,471 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,744 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Excludes
mutual fund assets under management of $14.6 billion and $15.1 billion at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 (b) Group
Retirement Products in this category include reserves of approximately $6.2
billion at both December 31, 2014 and 2013 that are subject to 20 percent
annual withdrawal limitations. 


 


 
  
   
   92 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents surrender rates for deferred
annuities by product line: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  as a percentage of average account value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed
  Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement
  Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Life Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Life results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   400 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   885 
   
  
     
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Life pre-tax OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to increases in policyholder benefit reserves, lower net
investment income and higher general operating expenses. Updates of actuarial
assumptions also decreased pre-tax operating income by $119 million in 2014
compared to $80 million in 2013.  The assumption updates in 2014 included $87
million of loss recognition expense to increase reserves for certain long-term
care business. These decreases were partially offset by a $28 million increase
in pre-tax operating income in 2014 compared to 2013, due to a 2013 increase in
equity-indexed universal life reserves, which was reflected in Interest
credited to policyholder account balances.   


 


 
  
   
   93 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Overall, mortality experience for
2014 was similar to 2013 and within pricing assumptions. Policyholder benefit
expense in 2014 included an increase of approximately $104 million to the
estimated reserves for IBNR death claims, 
which reflected continuing  efforts to identify deceased insureds and
their beneficiaries who have not presented a valid claim, pursuant to the 2012
resolution of a multi-state audit and market conduct examination. The 2014
increase in the IBNR reserve was related primarily to a legacy block of in-force
and lapsed small face amount policies, for which the personal data elements to
effect a match against the Social Security Death Master File are unavailable or
incomplete, such as full legal name, date of birth or Social Security number.
In 2014, in the process of reviewing these policies as required under the terms
of the regulatory agreement, we have refined our estimate of the ultimate cost
of these claims. The $104 million reserve increase in 2014 was in addition to
amounts previously provided for IBNR claims in 2011 and 2012, which totaled $259
million. While we believe that we are adequately reserved for such claims,
there can be no assurance that the ultimate cost will not vary from the current
estimate. 

 Net investment income  decreased in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to lower income from alternative investments and lower
yields on the base portfolio due to investment of portfolio cash flows at rates
below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. See Investments –
Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of th e investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested
assets of our Life Insurance Companies,  which include the invested
assets of the Life business.    

 General operating expenses  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 primarily due to strategic investments in technology and service
platforms in the U.S. and Japan. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  increased in 2013 compared to
2012, primarily due to additional expenses recorded in 2012, which included $67
million of loss recognition reserves for long-term care products, $57 million of
additional IBNR claim reserves and an $11 million regulatory assessment related
to the resolution of multi-state regulatory examinations of death claims
practices, and an accrual of $20 million from consolidation of certain life
operations and administrative systems. The increase in pre-tax operating income
in 2013 due to the absence of these prior year expenses was partially offset by
a $28 million increase in equity indexed universal life reserves in 2013, as
well as a higher net negative adjustment of $80 million in 2013, compared to
$43 million in 2012, to update certain gross profit assumptions used to
amortize DAC and related items for universal life products. 

 Net investment income  in 2013 decreased slightly
compared to 2012, due to the absence of ML II fair value gains recognized in
2012 and reinvestment of investment proceeds at lower rates, partially offset
by higher income from alternative investments.  

 General operating expenses  decreased in 2013 compared
to 2012 primarily due to operational efficiencies driven by technology
improvements and process consolidation efforts. 

 Spread Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Disciplined pricing on new business  is used to
continue to pursue new sales of life products at targeted net investment
spreads in a low interest rate environment. Life has a dynamic product
management process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect
the current interest rate environment. To the extent that Life cannot achieve
targeted net investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no
longer sold. Additionally, where appropriate, existing products with higher
minimum rate guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as
permitted under state insurance laws for new sales.  Universal life insurance
interest rate guarantees are generally 2 to 3 percent on new non-indexed
products and zero to 2 percent on new indexed products, and are designed to be
sufficiently low to meet targeted net investment spreads.  

 In-force Management . Crediting rates for in-force
policies are adjusted in accordance with contractual provisions that were
designed to allow crediting rates to be reset subject to minimum crediting rate
guarantees. 


 


 
  
   
   94 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
universal life account values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate
and current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Universal life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   357 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,304 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,792 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,228 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,746 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,101 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 Life
Premiums and Deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums for Life represent amounts received on traditional
life insurance policies and group benefit policies. Premiums and deposits for
Life is a non‑GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed
premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,864 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,532) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,541) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,531) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (595) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (584) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (529) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,804 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The decrease
in Life premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the non-renewal
of certain group benefit accounts and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar
against the Japanese yen, partially offset by solid growth in Japan premiums
excluding the effect of foreign exchange.  The decrease in premiums for 2013
compared to 2012 was the result of the run-off of an older block of traditional
life in the U.S. and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese
yen, which exceeded the increase from new sales of traditional products. 

 Premiums and
deposits decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to the decrease in premiums,
and were consistent in 2013 with 2012. 


 


 
  
   
   95 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Personal Insurance
Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Personal Insurance
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (278) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   455 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN 
   (in millions )  
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME 
   (in millions )  
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating income  increased in 2014  compared to 2013, primarily due
to a decrease in current accident year losses and lower general operating
expenses, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable
prior year loss reserve development, higher acquisition expenses and a decrease
in net investment income. Catastrophe losses were $126 million in 2014,
compared to $77 million in 2013. The accident year losses include severe
losses of approximately $54 million in 2014 compared to $17 million in 2013. Net
favorable loss reserve development was $77 million in 2014 compared to
$155 million in 2013, and included approximately $7 million of
favorable loss reserve development from Storm Sandy compared to $41 million in 2013 . Foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on the
pre-tax operating income compared to 2013. 

 Acquisition expenses    increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due
to the change in business mix and higher costs in growth-targeted lines of
business, partially offset by the effect of foreign exchange as a result of the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen. Direct marketing
expenses, excluding commissions, for 2014 were $392 million, compared to  
 


 
  
   
   96 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 $440 million in 2013. These expenses, while not
deferrable, are expected to generate business that has an average expected
overall persistency of approximately five years and, in Japan, where the
majority of the expenses are incurred, approximately nine years. Excluding the
impact of foreign exchange, direct marketing expenses decreased by
approximately $24 million in 2014 compared to 2013. Direct marketing accounted
for approximately 17 percent of net premiums written in both 2014 and 2013. 

 General operating expenses    decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. Excluding the
effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as
efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased
technology-related expenses.  

 Net investment income  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
decrease in interest rates during 2014,  as yields on new purchases were
lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio , lower income on alternative investments, and lower income
associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option method as
an increase related to the PICC P&C rights offerings was more than offset
by a decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair
value option. These were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio
diversification. Additionally, the decrease in allocated net investment income was
also due to a reduction in net loss reserves. 

 See MD&A — Investments for
additional information on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets,
investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.   

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating income  increased in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower underwriting loss, partially offset
by a decrease in net investment income. Underwriting results improved primarily
due to lower catastrophe losses and higher net favorable loss reserve
development, coupled with lower acquisition expenses. Catastrophe losses in
2013 were $77 million, compared to $382 million in 2012. Net
favorable loss reserve development was $155 million in 2013, compared to
$20 million in 2012. Additionally, 2013 included approximately
$41 million of favorable loss reserve development from Storm Sandy. Foreign
exchange did not have a significant impact on pre-tax operating income compared
to 2012. 

 Acquisition expenses  decreased in 2013 compared to
2012, primarily due to the change in business mix, partially offset by
increased costs in growth‑targeted lines of business. Direct marketing
expenses, excluding commissions, for 2013 were $440 million, compared to
$452 million in 2012. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, direct
marketing expenses increased by approximately $46 million in 2013 compared
to 2012. 

 General operating expenses  decreased slightly in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to reduced costs of strategic initiatives,
technology-related and infrastructure expenses. These were largely offset by
the increase in employee incentive plan expenses, which reflected the alignment
of employee performance with the overall performance of the organization,
including our stock performance, and accelerated vesting provisions for
retirement-eligible individuals in the 2013 share-based plan, as well as the
strategic expansion into growth economy nations. 

 Net investment income  decreased in 2013 compared to
2012, primarily due  to a change in allocated investment
income as a result of lower net loss reserves from a change in the business mix. 

 Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents  Personal
Insurance  net premiums written by major line of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident & Health 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,714 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,089 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Personal Insurance net premiums
  written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   97 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Personal
  Insurance 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
     
   
     
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Personal Insurance net premiums
written  decreased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact
of foreign exchange as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen.
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased in
2014 compared to 2013 as the business continued to grow through multiple
product and distribution channels, including direct marketing.  

 A&H    net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to
2013. The decrease was primarily due to our focus on maintaining underwriting
discipline in certain classes of business in the U.S., partially offset by
growth in Japan and Latin America . 

 Personal Lines    net premiums written, excluding the effect of
foreign exchange, increased in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase was
primarily due to increased rates and improved retention in AIG Private Client
Group and continued growth of automobile business outside of Japan, partially
offset by declines in the U.S. warranty service programs . 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Personal Insurance net premiums written decreased in 2013,
compared to 2012, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange as the U.S.
dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen. Excluding the impact of foreign
exchange, net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012 as the
business continued to build momentum through multiple distribution channels. 

 A&H  net premiums written, excluding the effect of
foreign exchange, increased slightly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to
our focused strategy to grow sales through the direct marketing distribution
channel, individual A&H in Asia Pacific, and the travel business which
continued to increase in most geographies across the globe. 

 Personal Lines  net premiums written, excluding the
effects of foreign exchange, increased in 2013 compared to 2012. The increases
were driven by growth in AIG Private Client Group and the warranty service
programs, automobile products and the continued execution of our strategic
initiative to grow higher value lines of business. In addition, the impact of
excess of loss ceded premiums and of the catastrophe bond issuances reduced net
premiums written by $58 million compared to 2012. 


 


 
  
   
   98 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Personal Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents  Personal
Insurance  net premiums written by region: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,779 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Personal insurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Region  
   
   (in millions) 
   

   
   
  
 

    

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Americas  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to an increase in all product lines in our Latin America
operations and growth in U.S. personal property and automobile businesses.
These were partially offset by a decrease in U.S. A&H due to our continued
focus on maintaining underwriting discipline. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen.
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased,
primarily due to production increases in Japan A&H and in property and
automobile business outside of Japan.  

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to growth in the automobile business and warranty service programs,
partially offset by a decrease in the A&H business. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Americas  net premiums written increased in 2013
compared to 2012, primarily due to continued growth in property, the AIG
Private Client Group and rate actions related to the warranty retail program.
This was partially offset by the effect of the timing of catastrophe bond
reinsurance transactions. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written decreased
in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S.
dollar against the Japanese yen. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net
premiums written increased primarily due to our focused strategy to grow sales
through the direct marketing distribution channel. The expansion of business in
Asia Pacific countries outside of Japan was driven by an increase in individual
personal accident insurance and personal lines products.  


 


 
  
   
   99 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 EMEA  net premiums written
increased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to growth in all lines of Personal
Insurance. 

 Personal
Insurance Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present
the Personal Insurance combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
   2013
  vs. 2012 
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.8 
   
  
   59.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
   (2.5) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
   (3.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.4 
   
  
   56.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.6) 
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.2 
   
  
   25.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.5 
   
  
   17.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.7 
   
  
   42.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.5 
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
   (3.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
   99.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
   2.8 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Personal Insurance   ratios  
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 


   




   


 


 
  
   
   100 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following tables present
Personal Insurance accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and
the number of events: 

 Catastrophes * 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Drought 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   355 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   382 
   
  
 


 *    Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on Personal
Insurance in excess of $10 million each.  

 Severe Losses * 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33 
   
  
 


 *     Severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual
first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 2014 and
2013 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 1.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
lower loss ratio, partially offset by a higher acquisition ratio as discussed
below.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 2.6 points in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to an improved accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 3.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
as a result of improvements across all lines of business. The lower losses
associated with a warranty retail program were largely offset by an increase in
the related profit sharing arrangement, which increased the acquisition ratio
in 2014 compared to 2013. The severe losses of $54 million, resulting largely
from four fire claims, accounted for 0.5 points of the accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted, in 2014. 

 The general
operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting
the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset
by increased technology-related expenses.     


 


 
  
   
   101 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 The combined
ratio decreased by 0.6 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a
lower loss ratio, partially offset by higher acquisition and expense ratios as
discussed below.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased by 2.8 points in 2013 compared
to 2012. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.9 points in 2013 compared to 2012,
primarily due to the effect of higher losses associated with a warranty retail
program, group accident, and travel business in the U.S. and Canada, which in
the aggregate increased the loss ratio by 1.7 points. This was partially
offset by improvements in automobile and personal property, as a result of rate
and underwriting actions taken in 2013 and prior years. The higher losses
associated with the warranty retail program were largely offset by a decrease
in the related profit sharing arrangement reflected in acquisition costs. 

 The
acquisition ratio increased by 0.9 points in 2013 compared to 2012,
primarily due to the combined effect of lower net premiums earned base, change
in business mix and higher costs in growth-targeted lines of business. This was
partially offset by a decrease in a profit sharing arrangement associated with
the warranty retail program noted above. 

 The general
operating expense ratio increased by 1.0 point in 2013 compared to 2012,
primarily due to the increase in employee incentive compensation expense,
partially offset by lower infrastructure project costs. 



 
  



 Corporate
and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Corporate
and Other Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents AIG’s Corporate and Other
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 vs. 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other pre-tax operating
  loss: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   625 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   (97) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG Parent and Other: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity in pre-tax operating earnings of
  AerCap (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value earnings on PICC Group shares (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate expenses, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense), net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,054) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Corporate expenses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,018) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,025) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (905) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severance expense (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,412) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent and Other operating loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,702) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retained interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of AIA securities,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   including realized gain in 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of ML III 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation and eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Corporate and Other pre-tax
  operating income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (319) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
$263 million of severance expense attributable to Property Casualty and
Personal Insurance operating segments. 

 (b)  Represents our share of AerCap’s pre-tax operating income,
which excludes  certain post-acquisition
transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with its acquisition of
ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance rights assets
over the remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
related aircraft. 


 


 
  
   
   102 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7
/  results of operations / Corporate and other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (c)  During 2014, the Life Insurance Companies sold their
investment in PICC Group to AIG Parent. 

 Direct Investment Book Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 DIB pre-tax operating income decreased in 2014 compared to
2013 primarily due to lower fair value appreciation on asset-backed security
(ABS) collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and declines in net credit
valuation adjustments on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option
was elected, partially offset by lower interest expense on borrowings resulting
from redemptions and repurchases of DIB debt in 2014. 

 Fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs was $789 million and
$954 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. The fair value appreciation on the
ABS CDOs was higher in 2013, driven primarily by improved collateral pricing
due to more significant improvements in home price indices and amortization of
the underlying collateral.   

 Net credit valuation adjustment gains of $291 million and
$444 million were recognized in 2014 and 2013, respectively. The decrease
resulted primarily from lower gains on assets due to more significant widening
of counterparty credit spreads in 2014 compared to 2013. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 DIB pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to
2012 primarily due to fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs that were acquired in
the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by a decline in net credit
valuation adjustments on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option
was elected. 

 Fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs was $954 million in 2013
driven primarily by improved collateral pricing due to improvements in home
price indices and amortization of the underlying collateral.   

 Net credit valuation adjustment gains of $444 million and
$789 million were recognized in 2013 and 2012, respectively. The decrease
resulted primarily from a decline in the portfolio size due to sales and
maturities as well as lower gains on assets due to less significant tightening
of counterparty credit spreads, partially offset by lower losses on liabilities
due to less significant tightening of AIG’s credit spreads in 2013 compared to
2012. 

 The following table presents credit valuation
adjustment gains (losses) for the DIB (excluding intercompany transactions): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Counterparty Credit Valuation Adjustment
  on Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,401 
   
  
 
   
   Loans and other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,430 
   
  
 
   
   AIG's Own Credit Valuation Adjustment on
  Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (526) 
   
  
 
   
   Guaranteed Investment Agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (641) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase to
  pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   291 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   789 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   103 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7
/  results of operations / Corporate and other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Global Capital Markets Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison  

 GCM’s pre-tax operating income decreased in 2014 compared to
2013 primarily due to declines in unrealized market valuation gains related to
the super senior credit default swap (CDS) portfolio and declines in net credit
valuation adjustments on derivative assets and liabilities, partially offset by
gains realized upon unwinding certain positions and a decrease in operating
expenses. As previously disclosed in prior quarters, a state regulatory agency
has requested additional information relating to the unwinding of a position on
which we realized gains of $196 million in 2014. 

 Unrealized market valuation gains on the CDS portfolio of
$256 million and $550 million were recognized in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
The decline resulted primarily from amortization and price movements within the
CDS portfolio. 

 Net credit valuation adjustment losses of $98 million were
recognized in 2014 compared to net credit valuation adjustment gains of $195
million in the prior year. The decline resulted primarily from the recognition
of credit valuation losses on derivative assets in 2014 due to higher exposure
of uncollateralized derivative assets compared to credit valuation gains on
uncollateralized derivative assets in the prior year due to the tightening of
counterparty credit spreads. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 GCM’s pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to
2012 primarily due to an improvement in net credit valuation adjustments on
derivative assets and liabilities, partially offset by a decline in unrealized
market valuation gains related to the super senior CDS portfolio and an
increase in operating expenses.  

 Net credit valuation adjustment gains of $195 million were
recognized in 2013 compared to net credit valuation adjustment losses of $30
million in 2012. The improvement resulted primarily from lower losses on
derivative liabilities due to less significant tightening of AIG’s credit
spreads in 2013 compared to 2012 and higher gains on derivative assets due to
more significant tightening of counterparty credit spreads in 2013 compared to
2012.  

 Unrealized market valuation gains on the CDS portfolio of
$550 million and $617 million were recognized in 2013 and 2012, respectively.
The decline resulted primarily from amortization, price movements, terminations
and maturities within the CDS portfolio. 

 

 Run-off
Insurance Lines Results 

 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Run-off insurance lines reported a pre-tax operating loss of
$445 million in 2014 compared to income of $403 million in 2013, primarily as a
result of a $407 million charge from a decrease in reserve discount in 2014
compared to a $631 million benefit from an increase in discount in 2013.
This discounting-related charge was partially offset by a $98 million decrease
in net adverse prior year loss reserve development and an improvement in
current accident year loss experience, particularly in the environmental
liability business (2004 and prior). The discount charge was primarily due to  the decline in risk free rates during 2014 used under
Pennsylvania and Delaware prescribed or permitted practices, change in payout
pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations and accelerated
settlements for the certain Excess Workers’ Compensation reserves, as well as
accretion.  See Insurance Reserves - Discounting of Reserves for
additional information. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Run-off insurance lines reported pre-tax operating income
of $403 million in 2013 compared to a loss of $135 million in 2012, primarily
as a result of a $631 million benefit in reserve discount compared to a $37
million charge in 2012, partially offset by a $98 million increase in net
adverse prior year loss reserve development. The discount benefit was primarily
due the use of permitted practices from state regulators to use payout patterns
specific to the excess workers compensation reserves and a discount rate based
on the forward U.S Treasury curve plus a liquidity premium (as opposed to the
previously prescribed discount factors.  


 


 
  
   
   104 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7
/  results of operations / Corporate and other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other Businesses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Other
businesses’ pre-tax operating income improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to
an increase in gains on investments in life settlements resulting from higher
net death benefits.  

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 Other businesses’ pre-tax operating loss in 2013 was
essentially flat compared to 2012. 

 AIG
Parent and Other Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 AIG Parent and Other’s pre‑tax operating losses
decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to our share of AerCap’s
pre-tax operating income, which is accounted for under the equity method, and
lower interest expense from ongoing debt management activities described in
Liquidity and Capital Resources, partially offset by an increase in general
operating expenses. 

 General operating expenses increased in 2014 compared to
2013 as a result of centralizing processes to lower-cost locations and
increased costs related to investments in technology. 

 2013 and 2012 Comparison 

 AIG Parent and Other reported an increase in pre-tax operating
losses in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to severance charges and higher
general operating expenses. These increases were partially offset by lower
interest expense due to various debt management activities described in
Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

 General operating expenses increased in 2013 compared to
2012 due to higher incentive compensation costs. In addition, 2012 included
reductions in expenses of $211 million resulting from the decrease in the
estimate of the liability for the Department of the Treasury’s underwriting
fees in connection with sales of AIG Common Stock.  

 Retained
Interests 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Change in Fair Value of AIA Securities Prior to Their Sale 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We sold our remaining 33 percent interest in AIA ordinary
shares for proceeds of $14.5 billion and a net gain of $2.1 billion through
three sale transactions on March 7, September 11, and December 20, 2012. 

 Change in Fair Value of ML III Prior to Liquidation 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The gains attributable to AIG’s interest in ML
III for 2012 were based in part on the completion of the final auction of ML
III assets by the FRBNY, in the third quarter of 2012. 








   


 


 
  
   
   105 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Investments 
   
  
 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our investment strategies are tailored
to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The investment
objectives are driven by the respective business models for Non-Life Insurance
Companies, Life Insurance Companies, and AIG Parent including the DIB. The
primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of
capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to support the insurance
products. The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist
of intermediate and long duration fixed maturity securities. 

 
  
   
   Investments Highlights in 2014 
   
  
 
   
   ·          
   A decrease in interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity
  securities, partially offset by the widening of spreads, resulted in net
  unrealized gains in the investment portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our
  available for sale portfolio increased to approximately $19.0 billion as of
  December 31, 2014 from approximately $11.7 billion as of December 31, 2013. 
   ·          
   We continued to make investments in structured securities and
  other fixed maturity securities and increased lending activities in
  commercial mortgage loans with favorable risk versus return characteristics
  to improve yields and increase net investment income. 
   ·          
   Net investment income benefitted from positive performance on
  fixed maturity securities for which we elected the fair value option,
  primarily driven by lower interest rates as well as income on alternative
  investments, which continued to benefit from equity market performance. 
   ·          
   Blended investment yields on new Non-Life and Life Insurance
  Companies’ investments were lower than blended rates on investments that were
  sold, matured or called.  
   ·          
   Other-than-temporary impairments remained at low levels. 
   ·          
   The sale of ILFC to AerCap resulted in AIG receiving a 46
  percent ownership interest in the outstanding common stock of AerCap, which
  is included in Other invested assets and accounted for under the equity
  method.  
   
  
 


    

 Investment
Strategies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investment strategies are based on considerations that
include the local and general market conditions, liability duration and cash
flow characteristics, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations,
legal investment limitations, tax optimization and diversification. 

 Some of our key investment strategies are as follows: 

 •    
 Fixed maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included
in Non-Life Insurance Companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our
current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification
objectives. 

 •    
 Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by Non-Life
Insurance Companies consist primarily of intermediate duration high-grade
securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we
operate.  

 •    
 While more of a focus is placed on asset-liability matching in Life
Insurance Companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment
portfolios is to match the duration characteristics of the liabilities with
assets of comparable duration, to the extent practicable. 

 •    
 AIG Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of
products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are held
in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, intermediate
term investment- 
 


 
  
   
   106 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Based upon an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding
needs, AIG Parent purchases publicly traded, intermediate term,
investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be readily monetized
through sales or repurchase agreements.  These securities allow us to diversify
sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient
liquidity. 

 Investments
by Legal Entity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables summarize the composition of AIG's
investments by legal entity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,785 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   (440) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
   Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   554 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   704 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,274) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   (869) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   120,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   202,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,765 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,005) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Total invested assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,814 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,881 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,005) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   357,524 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158,225 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,282 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,435) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,995 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,623 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,656 
   
  
 
   
   Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   834 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,382) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,765 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,659 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,147) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,617 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   199,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,404) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Total invested assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   200,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,404) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   358,669 
   
  
 


 *    At December
31, 2014, approximately 90 percent and 10 percent of investments were held by
domestic and foreign entities, respectively, compared to approximately 89
percent and 11 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2013. 

   

 The
following table presents the components of Net Investment Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Interest and dividends 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,199 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,544 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
 
   
   Other investment income * 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,634 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (548) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (604) 
   
  
 
   
   Total net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
 


 * Includes changes in fair value of certain fixed maturity
securities where the fair value option has been elected and which are used to
economically hedge the interest rate risk in GMWB embedded derivatives. For the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the net investment income (loss)
recorded on these securities was $260 million, $(161) million and $37 million, respectively. 

 Net investment income for 2014 increased compared to 2013
primarily due to positive performance on bonds where we elected the fair value
option, driven by movements in interest rates, partially offset by lower income
on alternative investments  
 


 
  
   
   107 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 due to equity market
performance and lower reinvestment yields on our fixed maturity securities
portfolio due to the low interest rate environment. 

 Net investment income for 2013 decreased compared to 2012
primarily due to fair value gains from our investments in ML II, ML III and AIA
prior to their sale in 2012. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For the Non-Life Insurance Companies, the duration of
liabilities for long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines.
As a result, the investment strategy within the Non-Life Insurance Companies
focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability
and other business considerations. 

 The Non-Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies and also invest in structured securities collateralized
by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate and commercial
mortgage loans. While invested assets backing reserves of the Non-Life
Insurance Companies are primarily invested in conventional fixed maturity
securities, we have continued to allocate a portion of our investment activity
into asset classes that offer higher yields, particularly in the domestic
operations. In addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating
rate investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to manage our
exposure to potential changes in interest rates. This asset diversification has
maintained stable average yields while the overall credit ratings of our fixed
maturity securities were largely unchanged. We expect to continue to pursue
this investment strategy to meet the Non-Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity,
duration and credit quality objectives as well as current risk‑return and
tax objectives. 

 In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies seek to
enhance returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of private
equity funds and hedge funds.  Although these
alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they
have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio
yields and have provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.  The
Non-Life Insurance Companies’ investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent,
equity securities and other yield-enhancing investments. 

 With respect to non-affiliate over‑the‑counter
derivatives, the Non-Life Insurance Companies conduct business with highly
rated counterparties and do not expect the counterparties to fail to meet their
obligations under the contracts. The Non-Life Insurance Companies have controls
in place to monitor credit exposures by limiting transactions with specific
counterparties within specified dollar limits and assessing the
creditworthiness of counterparties periodically. The Non-Life Insurance
Companies generally use ISDA Master Agreements and CSAs with bilateral
collateral provisions to reduce counterparty credit exposures. 

 Fixed maturity investments of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies domestic operations, with an average duration of 4.3 years, are
currently comprised primarily of tax-exempt securities, which provide
attractive risk-adjusted after-tax returns, as well as taxable municipal bonds,
government and agency bonds, and corporate bonds. The majority of these high
quality investments are rated A or higher based on composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity investments held in the Non-Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and short to intermediate duration, averaging
3.3 years. 

 Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies is
to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
matching and available investment opportunities. 

 The Life Insurance Companies use asset‑liability management
as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses. The Life
Insurance Companies  fundamental investment strategy
is to maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity
securities with the intent to largely match the characteristics of liabilities,
including duration, which is a measure of sensitivity to changes in interest
rates. The investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to the
specific  
 


 
  
   
   108 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 characteristics of its insurance
liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter in duration and
others are longer in duration.   An extended low interest rate
environment may result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial
estimates, primarily due to lower lapses. 

 The Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other
assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. 

 In addition, the Life Insurance Companies seek to enhance
returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative
investments.  Although these alternative investments
are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved
yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields. The Life Insurance
Companies investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent, equity
securities and yield enhancing items. 

 The Life Insurance Companies monitor fixed income markets,
including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the
yield curve. The Life Insurance Companies frequently review their interest rate
assumptions and actively manages the crediting rates used for their new and
in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain
profitability of the overall business in a historically low interest rate
environment. The low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to
profitably price attractive guaranteed return products and puts margin pressure
on existing products, due to the challenge of investing recurring premiums and
deposits and reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate
environment while maintaining satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In
addition, there is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from
certain in‑force business. Specifically, the investment of these future
premium receipts may be at a yield below that required to meet future policy
liabilities. 

 Fixed maturity investments of the Life Insurance Companies
domestic operations, with an average duration of 6.62 years, are comprised
of taxable corporate bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds,
and agency and non‑agency structured securities. The majority of these
investments are held in the available for sale portfolio and are rated
investment grade based on its composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity investments held in the Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and intermediate duration, averaging 12.68 years. 

 NAIC
Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the NAIC evaluates the investments of U.S.
insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities
to one of six categories called ‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC
Designations of ‘1’ highest quality, or ‘2’ high quality, include fixed
maturity securities considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’
through ‘6’ generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below
investment grade.  The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for
certain structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are
intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured
securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better determine
the appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities.  These
methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of  Life Insurance Companies  fixed maturity security
portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the distribution by composite AIG credit
rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three major rating agencies.
 See Investments – Credit Ratings herein for a full description of the
composite AIG credit ratings. 




   


 


 
  
   
   109 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
the fixed maturity security portfolio of Life Insurance Companies categorized
by NAIC Designation, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NAIC Designation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,633 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,428 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,562 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117,623 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,968 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   657 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,436 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91,003 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,290 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,540 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,030 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163,059 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes $4.3
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing. 

 The
following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of Life
Insurance Companies    categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   CCC and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Composite AIG Credit Rating 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA/AA/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   BB 
   
  
     
   
  
   B 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lower 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,550 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,875 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,354 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117,623 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,240 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,436 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,790 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,768 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   139,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163,059 
   
  
 


 *  Excludes $4.3
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing. 

 Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2014, approximately 90 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held
by our domestic entities. Approximately 17 percent of such securities were
rated AAA by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and approximately
17 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated. Our investment
decision process relies primarily on internally generated fundamental analysis
and internal risk ratings. Third-party rating services’ ratings and opinions
provide one source of independent perspective for consideration in the internal
analysis. 

 A significant portion of our foreign entities’ fixed
maturity securities portfolio is rated by Moody’s Investors’ Service Inc.
(Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (S&P), or similar foreign rating services.
Rating services are not available for some foreign-issued securities. Our
Credit Risk Management department closely reviews the credit quality of the
foreign portfolio’s non-rated fixed maturity securities. At December 31, 2014,
approximately 17 percent of such investments were either rated AAA or, on
the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to
securities rated AAA, and approximately five percent were below investment grade
or not rated. Approximately 44 percent of the foreign entities’ fixed
maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed maturity
securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance. 

 Composite
AIG Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 With respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit
ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a
composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency
ratings are not available, the rating assigned by the National Association of
Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) Securities Valuations Office (SVO) (over 99
percent of total fixed maturity investments), or (b) our equivalent
internal ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major
rating agencies or the NAIC.  The “Non-rated” category in those tables
consists of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the
major rating agencies, the NAIC or us.   


 


 
  
   
   110 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 See Enterprise Risk Management
herein for a discussion of credit risks associated with Investments. 

 The following table presents the composite AIG credit
ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair
value:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Available for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,437 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,785 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,947 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,730 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,478 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,954 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,739 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,693 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,838 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57,283 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,607 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,668 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,146 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,904 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,954 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,225 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   199,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   206,651 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,982 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,096 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,102 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,357 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,627 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,761 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,606 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,906 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   660 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,100 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,566 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,813 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,973 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,433 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,652 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,376 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,333 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,314 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,683 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,690 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,246 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,419 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,049 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,882 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,773 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,618 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,581 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63,744 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,849 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,420 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79,641 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,290 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,798 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,237 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,004 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,644 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,241 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   280,897 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Available‑for‑Sale Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the fair value of our
available‑for‑sale securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,195 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and
  political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,380 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,509 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,552 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,148 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,008 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,638 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   111 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Equity
  securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,656 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   261,930 
   
  
 


 *    At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of bonds
available for sale held by us that were below investment grade or not rated
totaled $35.1 billion and $32.6 billion, respectively. 

 The
following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to
non-U.S. governments for our fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,728 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,350 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,714 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
   Mexico 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   622 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   648 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   759 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   682 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
 
   
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   457 
   
  
 
   
   South Korea 
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,682 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,593 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,511 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the fair value of our aggregate European credit
exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sovereign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Institution 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporates 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Euro-Zone countries: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   614 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,498 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,158 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,396 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,687 
   
  
 
   
   Spain 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   407 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
 
   
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   957 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,351 
   
  
 
   
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   626 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   973 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
 
   
   Ireland 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   682 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   692 
   
  
 
   
   Finland 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   Luxembourg 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
 
   
   Austria 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
   Other Euro-Zone * 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
 
   
   Total Euro-Zone 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,778 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,080 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,633 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,609 
   
  
 
   
   Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   648 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,224 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,819 
   
  
 
   
   Switzerland 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,898 
   
  
 
   
   Sweden 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   653 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   846 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
 
   
   Russian Federation 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
 
   
   Other remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
 
   
   Total remainder of Europe 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,803 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,418 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,027 
   
  
 


 *    At December 31, 2014, we had no material credit exposure
to the government of Greece. 


 


 
  
   
   112 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 Investments
in Municipal Bonds 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2014, the U.S. municipal bond portfolio of
Non-Life Insurance Companies was composed primarily of essential service
revenue bonds and high-quality tax-backed bonds with over 96 percent of the
portfolio rated A or higher. 

 The following table presents the fair values of our
available for sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond
type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   Local 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Fair Value 
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,295 
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   591 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,193 
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,104 
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   662 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   755 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,458 
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   428 
   
  
     
   
  
   821 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
 
   
   Washington 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   645 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   757 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   954 
   
  
 
   
   Arizona 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   633 
   
  
     
   
  
   734 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Washington DC 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   607 
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
 
   
   All other states 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   645 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,992 
   
  
 
   
   Total (a)(b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,710 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,380 
   
  
 


 (a) Excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities
that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. Includes industrial
revenue bonds. 

 (b) Includes $4.0 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 

 Investments in Corporate Debt Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the industry categories of
our available for sale corporate debt securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry
  Category 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  institutions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Money Center /Global Bank Groups 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,682 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — other 
   
  
     
   
  
   543 
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,918 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Securities firms and other finance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   458 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Insurance non-life 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,875 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other financial institutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,900 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,645 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Communications 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,590 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer noncyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,420 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital goods 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Energy 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,072 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer cyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,787 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   113 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,855 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,207 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   144,552 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    At both December
31, 2014 and December 31, 2013,  approximately
93 percent of these investments were rated investment grade. 

 Investments
in RMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for
sale investments by year of vintage: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,724 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,371 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,375 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,736 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,843 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,823 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,148 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   799 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,259 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,860 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,797 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,136 
   
  
 
   
   Total Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,216 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,894 
   
  
 
   
   Total Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,931 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
   Total Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
   Prime
  non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,944 
   
  
 
   
   Total Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,063 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,058 
   
  
 
   
   Total Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
approximately $13.5 billion and $11.3 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration in credit
quality since their origination.  See Note 6, Investments – Purchase Credit
Impaired (PCI) Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional discussion.  


 


 
  
   
   114 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents our RMBS available for sale
investments by credit rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,699 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,833 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   911 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,163 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,148 
   
  
 
   
   Agency RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,210 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,216 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,350 
   
  
 
   
   Total Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,931 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,761 
   
  
 
   
   Total Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
   Prime
  non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,462 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,651 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Total prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,063 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,058 
   
  
 
   
   Total Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration
in credit quality since their origination.  See Note 6, Investments – Purchased
Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional discussion. 

 (b) The weighted average expected life was six years at
December 31, 2014 and seven years at December 31, 2013. 

 Our underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other
asset‑backed securities and CDOs take into consideration the quality of
the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction.  




   


 


 
  
   
   115 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Investments in CMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our CMBS available for
sale investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS (traditional) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,794 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the fair value of our CMBS available for sale
investments by rating agency designation and by vintage year: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
   
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,764 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,275 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,351 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
     
   
  
   626 
   
  
     
   
  
   751 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,171 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,490 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   378 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,005 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,196 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,187 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
 
   
   2009 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,915 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,941 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,280 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   829 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by geographic
region: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Geographic
  region: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,110 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,187 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
     
   
  
   718 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
     
   
  
   457 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North Carolina 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   All Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,741 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   116 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *    Includes Non-U.S. locations. 

 The
following table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by industry:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Office 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,205 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retail 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,146 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Multi-family * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,889 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,643 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Lodging 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,023 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes Agency-backed CMBS. 

 The fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout
2014. The majority of our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain
substantial protection features through collateral subordination. The majority
of CMBS holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified
across property types and geographical areas. 

 Investments in CDOs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our CDO available for sale
investments by collateral type:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Collateral Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bank loans (CLO) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,683 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,613 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,071 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,142 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents our CDO available for sale investments by credit
rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,922 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   594 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,158 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   499 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,071 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,142 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   117 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Commercial
Mortgage Loans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2014, we had direct commercial mortgage loan
exposure of $18.9 billion. At that date, over 99 percent of the loans
were current.   

 The following table presents the commercial mortgage
loan exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,372 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   472 
   
  
     
   
  
   597 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,591 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,084 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   637 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Colorado 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,883 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   636 
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,054 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   804 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   429 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   366 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,841 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   662 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   326 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,213 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   775 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   525 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,458 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   995 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,607 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,195 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Does not
reflect allowance for losses. 

 See Note 7,
Lending Activities, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
discussion. 

 
 


 
  
   
   118 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents impairments by investment type: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary Impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities, available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   723 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities, available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity funds and hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
 
   
   Other impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
      Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,517 
   
  
 


 Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 To determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use
fundamental credit analyses of individual securities without regard to rating agency
ratings. Based on this analysis, we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to
cover the amortized cost of all below investment grade securities for which
credit impairments were not recognized. 

 The following tables present other-than-temporary impairment
charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities, equity securities,
private equity funds and hedge funds. 

 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by reportable
segment and impairment type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended  December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   162 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended  December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended  December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   119 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type
and impairment type:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other
  Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested
  Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
 


 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private
equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments. 

 Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and credit rating:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For
  the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment
  grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   120 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
 


 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on
private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments. 

 We recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges in the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 related to: 

 •      issuer-specific
credit events;  

 •      securities for
which we have changed our intent from hold to sell; 

 •      declines due to
foreign exchange rates;  

 •      adverse changes
in estimated cash flows on certain structured securities; and 

 •      securities that
experienced severe market valuation declines. 

 In addition,
impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life settlements. 

 There was no significant impact to our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations from other-than-temporary
impairment charges for any one single credit. Also, no individual
other-than-temporary impairment charge exceeded 0.01, 0.02 percent and
0.11 percent of total equity at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively
accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the
expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of the
security. The accretion that was recognized for these securities in earnings
was $725 million in 2014, $774 million in 2013 and $915 million in 2012. For a
discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy, see
Note 6, Investments to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The following table shows the aging of the pre-tax
unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities, the extent to which
the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of
respective items in each category: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
   Less Than or Equal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 20% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 50% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   to 20% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to 50% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   Aging (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars
  in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss (d)  
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,717 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
   2,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,762 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   359 
   
  
   2,059 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   950 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   963 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,910 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
   1,690 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
   3,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,233 
   
  
   3,954 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   grade bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   187 
   
  
   1,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   1,693 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
   433 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,496 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   456 
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   586 
   
  
   2,440 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   121 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Total bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   536 
   
  
   3,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   587 
   
  
   3,752 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
   502 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
   519 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,153 
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
 
   
   Total (e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,893 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
   6,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174 
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
   6,394 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-11 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   421 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   118 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents the number of consecutive months that fair
value has been less than cost by any amount. 

 (b) Represents the percentage by which fair value is less than
cost at December 31, 2014. 

 (c)  For bonds, represents amortized cost. 

 (d) The effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes
will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result
in current decreases in the amortization of certain DAC. 

 (e) Item count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 

 Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments
in 2014 was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed
maturity securities. For 2014, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity
and equity securities increased by $7.3 billion due to a decrease in
interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity securities, partially offset
by the widening of spreads. 

 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments
in 2013 were primarily attributable to decreases in the fair value of bonds
available for sale. Net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity
securities decreased by $13.7 billion primarily due to the increase in U.S.
Treasury rates, partially offset by the narrowing of credit spreads and the
realization of approximately $2.5 billion in gains from sales of securities. 

 See also Note 6, Investments to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of our investment portfolio. 








   

 
  
   
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of insurance
reserves for both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life Insurance
Companies.   

 Non-Life
Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of the
consolidated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the
Non-Life Insurance Companies. 




   


 


 
  
   
   122 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
the components of AIG’s gross loss reserves by major lines of business on a
U.S. statutory basis*: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Other liability occurrence (including
  asbestos and environmental) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,023 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,126 
   
  
 
   
   Workers' compensation (net of discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,390 
   
  
 
   
   Other liability claims made 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,645 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,515 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
 
   
   Auto liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,581 
   
  
 
   
   Products liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463 
   
  
 
   
   Medical malpractice 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,714 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage guaranty / credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,348 
   
  
 
   
   Accident and health 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,378 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial multiple peril 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,886 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,276 
   
  
 
   
   Fidelity/surety 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,031 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
 


 *     Presented by lines of business pursuant to statutory
reporting requirements as prescribed by the NAIC. 

 Gross loss
reserves represent the accumulation of estimates of ultimate losses, including
estimates for IBNR and loss expenses, less estimated salvage and subrogation
and applicable discount. The Non-Life Insurance Companies regularly review and
update the methods and assumptions used to determine loss reserve estimates and
to establish the resulting reserves. Any adjustments resulting from this review
are reflected in pre‑tax operating income. Because loss reserve estimates
are subject to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are
unavoidable given that loss trends vary and time is often required for changes
in trends to be recognized and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase prior
years’ estimates of ultimate cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse
development or reserve strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease prior
years’ estimates of ultimate cost are referred to as favorable development. See
MD&A Critical Accounting Estimates – Details of the Loss Reserving Process. 

 Net loss
reserves represent gross loss reserves reduced by reinsurance recoverable, net
of an allowance for unrecoverable reinsurance. 

 The following table presents the
components of net loss reserves: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Gross loss reserves before reinsurance
  and discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,337 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,102 
   
  
 
   
   Less: discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,555) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross loss reserves, net of discount,
  before reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
 
   
   Less: reinsurance recoverable * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,231) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
 


 *    Includes $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of reinsurance
recoverable under a retroactive reinsurance agreement at December 31, 2014
and 2013, respectively. 

 Gross loss
reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual deductible
recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.4 billion
and $12.0 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles (in
excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured
retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or captive arrangements; each
referred to generically as “deductibles”), primarily for U.S. commercial
casualty business, where the Non-Life Insurance Companies manage and pay the
entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured for the
deductible portion of the claim. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Non-Life
Insurance Companies held collateral totaling $9.4 billion and $9.0 billion,
respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of
letters of credit and assets in trusts. 


 


 
  
   
   123 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The
following table classifies the components of net loss reserves by business
unit: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,494 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,803 
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,485 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,293 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty  (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,075 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   977 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,287 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,763 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,385 
   
  
 
   
   Accident and health 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
 
   
   Total Personal Insurance (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,479 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,475 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
 


 (a) The
December 31, 2013 balances have been reclassified between the Property Casualty
and Personal Insurance lines of business. The impact of this correction was a
total decrease of $325 million in Property Casualty and a corresponding
increase in Personal Insurance, with no income statement or balance sheet
impact. 

 Discounting of Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the components of loss
reserve discount included above: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tabular 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   852 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   597 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   798 
   
  
 
   
   Non-tabular 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,724 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Total reserve discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,219 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,336 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,555 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the net reserve discount benefit (charge): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Change in loss reserve   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount - current  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   accident year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Change in loss reserve  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount - prior year  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (249) 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   458 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
   Accretion of reserve  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (324) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (372) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit (charge) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Comprised of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (385) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   124 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 U.S. Workers’ Compensation 

 The Non-Life
Insurance Companies discount certain workers’ compensation reserves in
accordance with practices prescribed or permitted by New York, Pennsylvania and
Delaware. New York rules generally do not permit non-tabular discounting on
IBNR and prescribe a fixed 5 percent discount rate for application to case
reserves. Pennsylvania permits non-tabular discounting of IBNR  and, commencing
in 2013, approved a variable discount  rate
determined using risk-free rates based on the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve
plus a liquidity margin,  applicable to IBNR
and case reserves. Delaware has permitted discounting on the same basis as the
Pennsylvania domiciled companies. 

 The net
reduction in workers’ compensation discount in 2014 of $456 million  is primarily due to the decline in risk-free rates during
2014 used under Pennsylvania and Delaware prescribed or permitted practices,
changes in the payout pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations
and accelerated settlements for certain excess workers’ compensation reserves,
as well as accretion.  The change in rates used for discounting was the largest
driver of the charge as Treasury rates fell along the entire payout pattern
horizon during 2014, and accounted for $397 million of the decrease.   The accelerated settlements and commutations in the excess
workers’ compensation class of business during 2014 accounted for approximately
$111 million of the decrease.    The effects of
these changes were somewhat offset by increased discount from newly established
reserves for accident year 2014 and the impact of the first quarter re-pooling
described below. 

 On January 1,
2014, the Non-Life Insurance Companies merged their two internal pooling
arrangements into one pool, and changed the participation percentages of the
pool members, resulting in a reallocation of reserves from New York domiciled
companies to those domiciled in Pennsylvania and Delaware. As a result of these
changes in the participation percentages and domiciliary states of the
participants of the combined pool, the Non-Life Insurance Companies recognized
a discount benefit of $110 million in the first quarter of 2014. 

 Annual Reserving
Conclusion  

 AIG net loss
reserves represent our best estimate of the liability for net losses and loss
adjustment expenses as of December 31, 2014. While we regularly review the
adequacy of established loss reserves, there can be no assurance that our
ultimate loss reserves will not develop adversely in future years and
materially exceed our loss reserves as of December 31, 2014. In our opinion,
such adverse development and resulting increase in reserves are not likely to
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
although such events could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 The following table presents the
rollforward of net loss reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,825 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,061) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, including dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Change due to retroactive asbestos
  reinsurance transaction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current year, undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,385 
   
  
 
   
   Prior years unfavorable development,
  undiscounted (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,419 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,743 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,450 
   
  
 
   
   Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,325 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,775 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
 


 (a) See tables below for details of prior year development by
business unit, accident year and major class of business. 


 


 
  
   
   125 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (b) These amounts exclude benefit from
retroactive reinsurance. 

 The following table summarizes
development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss expenses
for prior years, net of reinsurance, by business unit and major class of
business:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Prior accident year development by major
  class of business: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty - U.S. & Canada: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines including professional
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (283) 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental (post 1986 - ongoing) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
   Primary casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss-sensitive (offset by premium
  adjustments below) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
 
   
   Healthcare 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Property excluding natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty - U.S. &
  Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
 
   
   Property excluding natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty - International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (252) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S. &
  Canada: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S.
  & Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance -
  International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance -
  International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off Insurance Lines - U.S. &
  Canada: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos and environmental (1986 and
  prior) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off environmental (1987 to 2004) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
 
   
   Total all other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Run-off Insurance Lines - U.S.
  & Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off Insurance Lines - International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos and environmental (1986 and
  prior) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total all other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Run-off Insurance Lines -
  International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Run-off Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   421 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premium adjustments on primary casualty
  loss sensitive  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year development, net of
  premium adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   598 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   367 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   126 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Net Loss
Development 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In determining the loss development from prior accident
years, AIG analyzes and evaluates the change in estimated ultimate loss for
each accident year by class of business. For example, if loss emergence for a
class of business is different than expected for certain accident years, we
examine the indicated effect such emergence would have on the reserves of that
class of business. In some cases, the higher or lower than expected emergence
may result in no clear change in the ultimate loss estimate for the accident
years in question, and no adjustment would be made to the reserves for the
class of business for prior accident years. In other cases, the higher or lower
than expected emergence may result in a large change, either favorable or
unfavorable. As appropriate, we make adjustments for the difference between the
actual and expected loss emergence for each accident year. As part of our
reserving process, we also consider notices of claims received with respect to
emerging and/or evolving issues. 

 In 2014, the adverse prior year loss reserve development,
including premium adjustments of $105 million, was $598 million, which was
driven by reserve increases on claims in Commercial Insurance and Other – U.S.
The net adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial Insurance was
driven by Primary Casualty, Environmental, International Financial Lines and
Healthcare, partially offset by Natural catastrophes, International Primary
Casualty and International Commercial Property, while the adverse development
in Other – U.S. was driven by adverse development on legacy asbestos and
pollution exposures (1986 and prior) and run-off environmental exposures (1987
– 2004). The U.S. Primary Casualty adverse prior year loss reserve development
of $445 million was driven by primary General Liability ($182 million), primary
Auto Liability ($156 million) and primary Workers’ Compensation ($137 million)
due to worse than expected emergence and updated loss development and expected
loss ratio assumptions. 

 During 2013, the adverse prior year loss reserve development
including premium adjustments was $468 million. The increase was primarily
due to the increases in reserves by $108 million for Storm Sandy,
$219 million for U.S. construction primary general liability lines and $238 million
for the run‑off environmental (1987 to 2004) book. 

 In addition, we recognized additional premiums on loss
sensitive business of $105 million, $89 million and $54 million for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which entirely offset
adverse development in that business. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2014, we incurred
reinsurance reinstatement premiums of ($2) million, compared to $27 million for
2013 and $0 for 2012. 

 The following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the
development in 2014, 2013 and 2012 of those classes of business that
experienced significant prior accident year development during the three‑year
period. See MD&A - Critical Accounting Estimates for a description of our
loss reserving process. 

 Excess Casualty – U.S. 

 The excess casualty class presents unique challenges for
estimating the unpaid losses. Insureds are generally required to provide notice
of claims that exceed a threshold, either expressed as a proportion of the
attachment (e.g., 50 percent of the attachment) or for particular
types of claims (e.g., death, quadriplegia). This threshold is generally
established well below our attachment point, to provide us with a precautionary
notice of claims that could potentially pierce our layer of coverage. This
means that the majority of claims close without payment because the claims
never pierce our layer, while the claims that close with payment can be large
and highly variable. Thus, estimates of unpaid losses carry significant
uncertainty. For reserve reporting purposes, we combine the Umbrella Excess
casualty business with the high layer Catastrophic Casualty business that
attaches when losses exceed $50 million. 

 During 2014, Excess Casualty experienced $36 million of
favorable development largely driven by savings on a few large claims. In our
Excess Umbrella analysis in 2014, our revised segmentation led to lower 2005
and subsequent accident year estimates for non-mass tort claims where we expect
underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits to have a favorable effect
on ultimate losses from accident years 2007 to 2013 in particular. This was
entirely offset by higher selected ultimate losses for accident years 2004 and
prior as a result of updated loss development patterns for mass tort claims
which we segmented separately from the non-mass tort claims. 

 During 2013, Excess Casualty experienced $144 million
of favorable emergence due to favorable outcomes on some large cases from 2010
and lower than expected emergence in high layer Catastrophic Casualty business. 


 


 
  
   
   127 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 During 2012, the Excess Casualty
class of business experienced $157 million of adverse development based on
worse than expected Umbrella Excess emergence, primarily from adverse outcomes
relating to certain large claims from older accident years, from the legacy
public entity excess casualty class of business and from a refined analysis
applied to claims in excess of $10 million. This refined analysis
considered the impact of changing attachment points (primarily impacting
frequency of excess claims) and limit structures (primarily impacting severity
of excess claims) throughout the loss development period. 

 Environmental and Pollution Products 

 We maintain an active environmental insurance business related
to pollution legal liability and general liability for environmental
consultants and engineers, as well as run-off business for certain
environmental coverage which provides cost overrun protection, in some cases
over long time periods. We evaluate and report reserves associated with this
business separately from the 1986 and prior asbestos and environmental reserves
associated with standard General Liability and Umbrella policies discussed
under “Asbestos and Environmental Reserves”. 

 Historically, we had used traditional actuarial methods to
assess the reserves for pollution products. The comprehensive claims review
process that began in 2012 provided a more refined approach for the development
of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to have a
distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general liability
claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate
methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss
costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from
policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy).
Notwithstanding the refined methodology and approach applied in 2012 and
subsequently, considerable uncertainty remains over the ultimate loss costs for
this class of business, especially for business written in accident years 2003
and prior. 

 In 2014, our updated analysis of environmental and pollution
products resulted in adverse prior year loss reserve development of $120
million for pollution policies primarily written prior to 2004, which are
managed by our run-off unit, and $91 million for pollution policies written
2004 and subsequent.  The prior year loss reserve development on policies
written prior to 2004 is mostly due to projected increases for individual claim
estimates as determined by our run-off unit.  The prior year loss reserve
development on policies written in 2004 and subsequent is due to an increase in
the pure IBNR by reflecting an increase in the estimated future severity for
the pure IBNR claims and an increase in the expected loss ratios for recent
years to reflect the emerging experience and the results of updated claim file
reviews completed in 2014. Our updated reviews did not establish any
discernible trends from a policy structure, industry class, or cause of loss
standpoint. Rather, there were several large loss increases associated with a
single accident or catastrophe. While the average policy term for new business
written is close to three years, the results for more recent accident years can
still be influenced by longer term policies issued in prior years. We have
continued to actively monitor and adjust policy terms offered in the pollution
products class of business. Transactions with policy terms greater than five
years have been reduced by more than 75 percent, with policy terms in excess of
five years now accounting for just four percent of the gross written premiums
of the book. The new business written continues to meet risk adjusted
profitability targets after the increased estimates of ultimate losses for the
more recent accident years. 

 In 2013, our analysis of pollution products reflected an
updated review of individual cases which indicated large increases in the value
of certain previously reported cases due to new developments such as the
discovery of additional contamination in certain sites, legislative changes,
and court rulings, expansion of plaintiff damages and increased cost of
remediation technologies. Additionally, the number and severity of newly
reported claims was higher than expected. As a result, we increased our
estimate of ultimate losses by approximately $269 million with
approximately $201 million of this relating to policies written in 2003
and prior. Significant changes in underwriting during 2004 changed the terms
and conditions materially for policies written after 2003 to reduce our
exposure to these events. 

 Because of an increase in the frequency and severity of
claims observed beginning in 2011, the 2012 loss reserve review consisted of an
intensive review of reported claims by a multi‑disciplinary team
including external specialists in environmental law and engineering science,
toxicologists and other specialists, our actuaries, claims managers and
underwriters to reassess our indicated loss reserve need. The review improved
our understanding of factors that drive claim costs such as policy term, limit,
pollution conditions covered, location of incident and applicable laws and
remediation standards. The analysis used these factors to segment and analyze
the claim data to determine ultimate costs, in some cases, on a claim by claim
basis. As a result of this analysis, $200 million of adverse prior year
loss reserve development was recognized during 2012, including $166 million
for pollution products reported in the run-off unit. The majority
(81 percent) of the adverse development related to accident years 2003 and
prior, before significant underwriting changes were adopted. 


 


 
  
   
   128 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 In addition to reserving actions,
we have made significant changes to the ongoing environmental business included
in Commercial Insurance with the goal of ensuring that the current policies are
being written to earn an appropriate risk adjusted profit. Underwriting
guidelines have been revised to no longer cover known or expected clean up
costs, which were a significant driver of historical claims, and a “new
emerging contaminants” team has been formed within the dedicated environmental
engineering staff to track any new cleanup standards that may be set by federal
or state regulators. Further, engineering reviews are required for specific
business segments (such as oil and gas, and landfills) that have traditionally
generated higher losses. 

 Primary Casualty – U.S. and Canada 

 Primary Casualty includes Workers’ Compensation, General
Liability and Auto Liability lines of business.  In addition, these lines
of business are categorized into classes of business including National
Accounts, Commercial Risk, Specialty Workers’ Compensation, Energy, Multi
National, Construction, Transportation and Trucking. 

 The
National Accounts class of business includes casualty insurance for businesses
with revenues of $700 million or more.  The Commercial Risk class of
business includes casualty insurance for businesses with revenues of less than
$700 million. The majority of the business is workers’ compensation. The
Specialty Workers’ Compensation  class of business includes small monoline
guaranteed cost risks. Our Specialty Workers’ Compensation class of business
grew significantly in the early to mid 2000s but has reduced premium writings
by nearly 70 percent since 2007.  The Energy class of business
includes casualty insurance (including workers’ compensation) in the mining,
oil and gas and power generation sectors. The Construction, Transportation and
Trucking class of business includes casualty insurance (including workers’
compensation) within that industry. 

 During 2014, we continued to refine our segmentation of
primary workers’ compensation into guaranteed cost and excess of large
deductible business by deductible size group.  The net result of the analysis
was adverse development of $137 million for the primary workers’ compensation
class of business. The key drivers of the adverse development in this class of
business were increases for guaranteed cost business in California and New
York, and increases for excess of large deductible business, as well as adverse
experience in the Construction class.  Each of these segments appears to have
been impacted by specific structural changes in the portfolio. For California
business, our tail factor increases were in response to changing long-term
medical development patterns. In New York, there has been a lengthening of the
period between the date of accident and the classification of non-scheduled
permanent partial injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and
payouts for our top six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that
California and New York were the main states where the loss development
patterns had materially changed since our last review. For excess of large
deductible business across all states, we updated our analyses to consider the
impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has occurred over time as the
data by retention band was becoming more credible.  For the Construction class,
we note that the construction sector has experienced a comparatively slow
recovery in payroll employment.  As a result of the diminished employment
opportunities in this industry sector, injured workers may experience limited
return-to-work opportunities, which moderate the shortening of claim duration
that normally accompanies a labor market recovery. For all other states
combined excluding California and New York, we saw favorable emergence in our
middle market Specialty Workers’ Compensation segment.  The net effect of these
revised selections had the greatest adverse effect on the Construction class of
business ($140 million adverse development) and the National Accounts class of
business ($125 million adverse development).  The most significant favorable
effect was in the Specialty Workers’ Compensation class of business ($155
million favorable development).  Our analysis considers our best estimate
expectations of medical inflation and loss costs trends and also reflects the
impacts of enhancements in our claim management and loss mitigation activities,
such as opioid management, fraud investigation and medical management.  

 For primary general liability in 2014, we increased our
ultimate losses for prior years by $182 million. This was largely driven by the
construction segment as a result of several large construction defect claims
and increases in the costs of claims in New York associated with New York Labor
Law.  The construction results in California and New York continue to be the
main sources of adverse development in our guaranteed cost primary general
liability books although we did experience adverse development from
construction defect claims in other states in 2014. Our large account primary
non-construction general liability business was adversely impacted by claim
activity in the layers excess of large insured retentions and we increased our
loss development patterns for these layers to reflect the changes. 

 For commercial auto in 2014, we reacted to an increase in
frequency of large claims in the accident years 2010 to 2013, where the
economic recovery has contributed to increased frequency and severity,
especially for those claims in excess of a client  
 


 
  
   
   129 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 deductible
of $500,000, which generally take several years to emerge and settle. This led
to adverse prior year loss reserve development of $156 million for the
automobile subset of primary casualty. 

 During 2013, we continued to refine the segmentation of our
analyses of primary workers’ compensation, which indicated that prior year loss
reserve development was flat after taking into account the initiatives that our
claim function has undertaken to manage high risk claims. 

 During 2013, for primary general liability, we increased our
reserves for prior years by approximately $355 million. Most of the
increase was driven by construction‑related primary general liability
claims, especially construction defect claims where we increased our ultimate
loss estimates by $219 million to reflect the higher than expected frequency
and severity of these claims especially in states that experienced heavy
increases in construction activity after the 2004 and 2005 hurricanes and
during the housing boom prior to 2007. Due to the subsequent home price
declines observed in many of these states, the frequency of reported losses has
increased as the losses subsequently represented a larger percentage of the
equity values of the affected homes, and homeowners increasingly looked to
insurance recoveries as a way to recoup some of that lost value. 

 During 2012, we significantly intensified our claims
management efforts for those primary workers’ compensation claims which are
managed by AIG. These efforts include consulting with various specialists,
including clinical and public health professionals and other advisors. We also
continued to refine our actuarial methodologies for estimating ultimate loss
costs incorporating a more refined segmentation by state (California and New
York were analyzed separately) and a more refined approach for business subject
to deductibles as well as business subject to premium adjustments (loss‑sensitive
business). Based on these enhanced reviews, we increased reserves by
$46 million. 

 In 2012, we also reviewed the general liability loss
experience of the primary casualty classes of business using a more refined
segmentation for business subject to a deductible as well as loss‑sensitive
business. Our review focused on applying actuarial loss development analyses to
those general liability claims for which these techniques are appropriate. As a
result of this analysis, we determined that prior year reserves needed to be
increased by $235 million for the primary general liability class of
business in 2012 to reflect the worse than expected emergence of paid loss severities
for both bodily injury and property damage claims from the more recent accident
years (2008 and subsequent). 

 Healthcare  

 During 2014, we recognized $109 million of adverse
development in this class largely driven by three large and relatively unusual
claims of $25 million each in relatively recent accident years. While there
have not been any significant structural changes to the portfolio, there can be
material volatility in loss experience in this class of business where
individual claims can be of high severity. 

 During 2013, this class recognized $54 million of
favorable prior year development due to lower than expected loss emergence in
many classes such as Excess Hospital Liability. 

 During 2012, this class recognized $68 million of
adverse prior year loss reserve development due to several large claims that
involved unusual coverage issues for this class. With the exception of these
claims, this class experienced claim activity in line with expectations. 

 Financial Lines – U.S. and Canada 

 Financial Lines business includes Director and Officer
(D&O) and Related Management Liability, including various Professional
Liability classes of business as well as the Fidelity book of business.  The
Financial Lines book consists mostly of the D&O class of business.  

 During 2014, we recognized $47 million of favorable
development driven by the Professional Liability and D&O and Related
Management Liability classes of business, somewhat offset by adverse
development on the Fidelity book in recent accident years due to the changing
economic cycle.   

 During 2013, we recognized $113 million of favorable
development driven somewhat evenly among the Professional Liability, Fidelity
and D&O and Related Management Liability classes of business. The year-end
2013 Professional Liability loss reserve actuarial review adopted a refined
segmentation for this class of business with the selection of differentiated
frequency and  
 


 
  
   
   130 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 severity trends for various
Professional Liability classes of business which appear to be behaving
differently in the post financial crisis years than when reviewed in total.  

 During 2012, we recognized $283 million of favorable
development in these classes of business largely driven by the D&O and
Related Management Liability classes of business.  For the year-end 2012 loss
reserve review, our actuaries took into account the favorable emergence during
2012 for several accident years, especially accident year 2010, the claims
department’s reviews of open claims and reduced the ultimate losses for prior
accident years accordingly. The 2012 D&O and Related Management Liability
actuarial review also used a refined segmentation for this class of business
with the selection of differentiated frequency and severity trends. The overall
loss cost used for this class of business in 2012 from the application of the
refined segmentation was slightly lower than that adopted for the 2011 review
reflecting the continued favorable emergence from the class of business 

 Financial Lines – International 

 Our Global Financial Lines Claims unit has implemented its
target operating model in Europe and Australasia which has provided our
actuaries with more detailed case reserve data and analysis, enabling AIG’s
actuaries to react sooner to case development than in prior reserve studies.
The actuaries see evidence of earlier settlement of claims on a paid and
incurred basis in the International Financial Lines class of business.  During
2014, we recognized $182 million of adverse development in the international
Financial Lines segments, driven by large claims emergence in the U.K.,
Australasia and Europe.  Multiple accident years contributed to this total, but
it was concentrated most heavily in accident years 2008-2011.  The Australasia
emergence was due to a number of specific large losses in the Australia and New
Zealand D&O business.  In Europe, adverse prior year loss reserve
development was concentrated in the D&O class of business, where we have
observed a greater incidence of severe claims compared with prior years, and
the Professional class of business, with large losses from one insured. The new
business written across International Financial Lines continues to meet risk
adjusted profitability targets after the increased estimates of ultimate losses
for the more recent accident years. 

 During 2013, we recognized $74 million of adverse
development, all of which stemmed from losses in the D&O books in Europe,
UK and Australasia, with the other segments showing modest favorable
development.  The development we recognized can be directly linked to a small
number of specific claims booked throughout the year. 

 During 2012, we recognized $33 million of adverse
development, concentrated in Europe and Australasia D&O, which was related
to a small number of specific severe claims in those regions. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation – U.S. 

 This class of business, which is reported in our run-off
unit, has an extremely long tail and is one of the most challenging classes of
business to reserve for, particularly when the excess coverage is provided
above a self‑insured retention layer. The class is highly sensitive to
small changes in assumptions — in the rate of medical inflation or the
longevity of injured workers, for example — which can have a significant
effect on the ultimate reserve estimate. 

 During 2014, we updated our analyses of Excess Workers
compensation using a range of scenarios and methodologies and determined that
our carried reserves were adequate after recognizing $20 million of favorable
prior year development as a result of claim settlements and commutations of
assumed reinsurance business, as well as reflecting changes in estimates in our
loss mitigation strategies.  We commuted several large assumed reinsurance
agreements in 2014 and reduced the reserves faster than was previously expected
as a result of our proactive management by the run-off unit.  The reduction in
nominal reserves as a result of assumed reinsurance commutations and individual
claims settlement strategies amounted to $242 million in 2014, compared to $25
million in 2013.  The results from these strategies also impacted the loss
payout patterns used in our discount calculations, previously discussed. 

 During 2013, we updated our analysis of Excess Workers’
Compensation reserves and determined that no changes to our carried reserves
were needed. We also updated our analysis of underlying claims cost drivers
used in 2012 through accident year 2004, discussed in more detail below. 

 During the 2012 loss reserve review, we augmented
traditional reserve methodologies with an analysis of underlying claims cost
drivers to inform our judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open reported
claims from accident years 2003 and prior  
 


 
  
   
   131 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (representing
approximately 95 percent of all open reported claims) and used the refined
analysis to inform our judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims that have
not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these accident
years. 

 This approach was deemed to be most suitable for injured
workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized (i.e., at least 9
to 10 years have elapsed since the date of injury). The reserves for
accident years 2004 and subsequent (13 percent of total case and IBNR
reserves for this class) were determined using traditional methods.  

 Natural Catastrophes 

 During 2014, we experienced favorable property catastrophe
prior year development of $102 million in our U.S. and Canada business,
primarily due to several U.S. events in accident year 2013. We also experienced
favorable property catastrophe prior year loss reserve development of $77
million from our international property class of business.    

 During 2013, we experienced adverse development from Storm
Sandy totaling $108 million, or 5.4 percent of the 2012 estimate.
This development resulted from higher severities on a small number of large and
complex commercial claims driven by a number of factors including the extensive
damage caused to properties in the downtown New York metropolitan area. 

 During 2012, we experienced favorable development from the
Tohoku Catastrophe in Japan due to commercial claim severities being less than
previously reserved. 

 International Casualty 

 During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had $67 million, $40 million,
and $46 million of favorable development, respectively.  The favorable
development in each year is due to lower than expected loss emergence in many
classes and countries outside the U.S., with the majority from various
countries in the EMEA region. 

 Personal Insurance 

 During 2014, we experienced favorable loss reserve development
of $16 million from Natural Catastrophes, primarily related to Storm Sandy. The
remaining $61 million of favorable development is primarily from Homeowners,
International Accident & Health and U.S. Warranty. 

 Mortgage Guaranty  

 Mortgage Guaranty business includes domestic first liens (93
percent of total reserves) and small run-off books in second liens, student
loans and international.  

 During 2014, we recognized $104 million of favorable prior
year loss reserve development driven in part by steady increases in
year-over-year first lien cure rates, a reflection of the improved economic
environment, and in part by favorable frequency trends and recoveries in second
lien claims.  Partially offsetting these improvements were upward trends in
severity, particularly for older (pre-2012) accident periods. 

 During 2013, we recognized $30 million of adverse prior
year loss reserve development due to unfavorable emergence of overturns of
prior claim cancellations and increased severity estimates in first liens,
partially offset by favorable frequency in student loans and a reduction in the
unallocated loss adjustment expense reserve. 

 During 2012, we recognized $78 million of favorable
prior year loss reserve development due to higher than expected cancellation
rates on first lien legacy claims, combined with improving frequency trends and
strong recoveries in second lien claims. 

 See Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting
Estimates — Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for
further discussion of our loss reserving process. 

 See Commercial Insurance and Consumer Personal Insurance
Results herein for further discussion of net loss development. 

    


 


 
  
   
   132 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of    incurred losses
and loss adjustment expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by accident
year: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Prior accident year development by
  accident year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (283) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   2006 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   2005 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
   2004 and prior (see table below) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   901 
   
  
     
   
  
   729 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   421 
   
  
 


 Net
Loss Development by Accident Year 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For 2014,
the favorable development in accident years 2013 and 2012 was driven by
Financial Lines, Commercial Property and other short tailed lines, like
Personal Lines. For accident year 2007, the favorable development was driven by
U.S. and Canada Financial lines and Excess Casualty.  For accident years 2004
and prior, the adverse development was driven by the Excess Casualty results of
the mass-tort resegmentation analysis, the updated primary workers’
compensation loss development selections (principally in California, New York
and the excess of deductible segments) as well as the run-off pollution
products business (1987-2004) and the asbestos and environmental (1986 and
prior) exposure.  

 For 2013,
the favorable development from accident year 2012 was driven primarily by
consumer lines and lower losses in domestic commercial property, while the
favorable development from accident year 2010 was primarily the result of
favorable claims emergence from domestic excess casualty and from liability and
financial lines coverage policies that are on a claims made basis. The adverse
development from accident year 2011 was driven by large losses in financial
lines and adverse development in primary casualty, including the loss-sensitive
business.  The adverse development from accident year 2009 was driven by large
losses in financial lines and adverse development in primary casualty including
loss-sensitive business. For the same periods, the adverse development from
accident years 2003 and prior was primarily driven by loss development on toxic
tort claims, construction general liability claims and pollution product claims. 

 For 2012, the
favorable development from accident year 2011 was driven primarily by the
favorable development on natural catastrophes, primarily the Tohoku
Catastrophe, and the adverse development from accident years 2003 and prior was
primarily the result of  the increase in reserves on runoff pollution product
business (policies written between 1987 and 2003). 

 For certain
categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and environmental
claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified
to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of
occurrence becomes available to AIG. These reclassifications are shown as
development in the respective years in the tables above. 

 
  

   


 


 
  
   
   133 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table summarizes development, (favorable) or
unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year
2004 and prior by major class of business and driver of development: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   2004 and prior accident year development
  by major class of business and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   driver of development: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty - primarily mass torts (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty - all other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary Casualty - loss sensitive
  business (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
 
   
   Primary Casualty - all other (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental (post 1986 - ongoing) and
  Run-off environmental (1987 to 2004) (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and
  prior) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Commutations (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
   All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   901 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   729 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   604 
   
  
 


 (a) Updates of mass tort loss development patterns. 

 (b) Loss sensitive business that is offset by premium
adjustments and has no income statement impact. Approximated based on prior
accident year development recognized from policy year premium charges. 

 (c) Includes loss development on excess of deductible
exposures in workers’ compensation, general liability and commercial auto. 

 (d) Includes results of comprehensive specific large claim
file reviews initiated in 2012 and updated in 2013 and 2014. 

 (e) The effects of commutations are shown separately from the
related classes of business, primarily excess workers’ compensation.
Commutations are reflected for the years in which they were contractually
binding. 

 The main sources of unfavorable prior year development for
accident years 2004 and prior, representing 95 percent of the total recorded in
2012 through 2014, are as follows: 

 •    
 Update of the mass tort loss development patterns used for U.S. Excess
Casualty which accounted for $301 million and other loss emergence including
specific large loss development totaling $196 million across the three years;  

 •    
 Loss sensitive business that is entirely offset by premium adjustments
accounted for $96 million; 

 •    
 Update of the loss development patterns used for U.S. Primary Casualty
including loss development patterns used in guaranteed cost workers’
compensation in CA and NY, the construction class of business and updates to
the loss development patterns for business written on excess of deductible
exposures in workers’ compensation, general liability and the commercial auto
classes of business which collectively accounted for approximately $577 million
across the three years;  

 •    
 Update of the Environmental run-off portfolio’s losses following the
2012 comprehensive claims review that provided a more refined approach for the
development of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to
have a distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general
liability claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate
methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss
costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from
policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy). These
updates which commenced in 2012 and have been applied in each subsequent year,
accounted for approximately $561 million;  

 •    
 Update of our net retained asbestos and environmental exposure from 1986
and prior which accounted for approximately $266 million ($196 million
environmental and $70 million asbestos) across the three years; and 

 •    
 Commutations in the three-year period ending December 31, 2014,
accounted for approximately $162 million.  These commutations serve to reduce
the uncertainty in AIG’s required reserves.  

 During the period
2012 to 2014, we completed comprehensive refinements of our reserving
methodologies for U.S. mass tort, toxic tort, retained asbestos, environmental
and other specific large losses. We also conducted extensive additional studies
to corroborate our judgments for our U.S. primary workers compensation and
excess workers’ compensation classes of business. Further, we refined our loss
reserving methodologies for our U.S. Excess Casualty class of business and our
U.S. Primary Casualty class of business written over excess of deductible
exposures where loss development patterns may lengthen if client retentions
increase over time. Collectively, the reserves for the aforementioned classes
of business or loss exposures account for the majority of the remaining net
loss reserves for accident years 2004 and prior.  


 


 
  
   
   134 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Asbestos and Environmental Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Loss
Reserve Estimates - Asbestos and Environmental 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We consider a number of factors and recent experience, in
addition to the results of both external and internal analyses, to estimate
asbestos and environmental loss reserves. Nonetheless, we believe that
significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability for asbestos and
environmental claims, which is due to several factors, including: 

 •    
 the long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease
manifestation, leading to the potential for involvement of multiple policy
periods for individual claims; 

 •    
 claims filed under the non‑aggregate premises or operations
section of general liability policies; 

 •    
 the number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of
prepackaged bankruptcies; 

 •    
 diverging legal interpretations; and 

 •    
 the difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among
various parties with respect to environmental claims. 

 In 2014, both the retained accounts and retroceded account
ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated. As a result, we decreased gross
undiscounted asbestos loss reserves by $6 million and increased net
undiscounted asbestos loss reserves by $64 million. The net undiscounted
increase reflects a buyout settlement on a retained account as well as a
reduction in estimated ceded loss reserves (prior to the retroactive
reinsurance retrocession). For environmental, we increased gross environmental
reserves by $140 million and net environmental reserves by
$60 million as a result of top‑down actuarial analyses performed
during the year as well as development on a number of large accounts. 

 In 2013, we completed a ground‑up review of all our
remaining retained accounts for asbestos. In addition, a subsidiary of the
retrocessionaire for our retroactive reinsurance contract completed a ground‑up
asbestos study for the largest accounts it assumed. As a result, we increased
gross asbestos loss reserves by $169 million and net asbestos loss
reserves by $6 million. The net reserve increase also reflects a small
amount of estimated uncollectible reinsurance. A significant portion of these
loss reserves will be recoverable under our retroactive reinsurance arrangement.
For environmental, we increased gross environmental reserves by
$98 million and net environmental reserves by $61 million as a result
of top‑down actuarial analyses performed during the year as well as
development on a number of large accounts. 

 In 2012, after considering recent experience compared to the
results of our most recent ground‑up analysis, as well as all of the
above factors related to uncertainty, no adjustment to gross and net asbestos
reserves was recognized. Additionally in 2012, a moderate amount of incurred
loss pertaining to the asbestos loss reserve discount is reflected in the table
below and is related to the reserves not subject to our retroactive reinsurance
agreement. Upon completion of a top‑down analysis performed for
environmental in the fourth quarter of 2012, we concluded that the
$150 million gross reserve strengthening and $75 million net reserve
strengthening recognized in the first half of 2012 was adequate. 

 In addition to the U.S. asbestos and environmental reserve
amounts shown in the tables below, the Non - Life Insurance Companies   also
have asbestos reserves relating to foreign risks written by non‑U.S.
entities of $132 million gross and $105 million net as of December 31, 2014.
The asbestos reserves relating to non‑U.S. risks written by non‑U.S.
entities were $134 million gross and $108 million net as of December 31, 2013. 




   


 


 
  
   
   135 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table provides
a summary of reserve activity, including estimates for applicable IBNR,
relating to asbestos and environmental claims: 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,226 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   Change in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive reinsurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Paid losses recoverable under retroactive
  reinsurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimation of amounts recoverable
  under retroactive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reinsurance contracts (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (91) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (636) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (404) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
 
   
   Other changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Combined: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   590 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   656 
   
  
 
   
   Change in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive reinsurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Paid losses recoverable under retroactive
  reinsurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimation of amount recoverable under
  retroactive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reinsurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (91) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (721) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (537) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
 
   
   Other changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,485 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   590 
   
  
 


 (a) Re-estimation
of amounts recoverable under retroactive reinsurance contracts includes effect
of changes in reserve estimates and changes in discount.  

 (b) These amounts
exclude benefit from retroactive reinsurance. 

 Transfer of
Domestic Asbestos Liabilities Under a Retroactive Reinsurance Arrangement 

 On
June 17, 2011, we completed a transaction under which the bulk of AIG
Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to
National Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire
Hathaway, Inc. This was part of our ongoing strategy to reduce our overall
loss reserve development risk. This transaction covers potentially volatile
U.S.- 
 


 
  
   
   136 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 related asbestos exposures. It does not,
however, cover asbestos accounts that we believe have already been reserved to
their limit of liability or certain other ancillary asbestos exposure assumed
by AIG Property Casualty subsidiaries. 

 Upon the
closing of this transaction, but effective as of January 1, 2011, we ceded the
bulk of AIG Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities to NICO under
a retroactive reinsurance agreement with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion.
Within this aggregate limit, NICO assumed collection risk for existing
third-party reinsurance recoverable associated with these liabilities. AIG
Property Casualty paid NICO approximately $1.67 billion as consideration for
this cession and NICO assumed approximately $1.82 billion of net U.S. asbestos
liabilities. As a result of this transaction, AIG Property Casualty recorded a
deferred gain of $150 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is being
amortized into income over the settlement period of the underlying claims. 

 Under
retroactive reinsurance arrangements any recoveries for development associated
with the ceded losses are not recognized immediately; rather this development
increases or decreases the deferred gain, and is amortized into income as
described above. During 2013, we recognized approximately $86 million of
adverse loss development that was ceded under this reinsurance arrangement, which
was partially offset by $15 million of deferred gain amortization. This
development, net of the deferred gain amortization, is being reported in Other
income/expense, consistent with the way we manage the business and assess
performance and is therefore excluded from net losses incurred and our loss
ratios to avoid distortion related to our ongoing insurance business. 

 The
following table presents the estimate of the gross and net IBNR included in the
Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, relating to asbestos
and environmental claims: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,193 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   Combined 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
 


 *    Net IBNR
includes the reduction due to the NICO reinsurance transaction of
$803 million, $1,284 million and $1,310 million as of
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 The
following table presents a summary of asbestos and environmental claims count
activity: 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years  
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
 
   
   Claims at beginning of year 
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
   1,517 
   
  
   6,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,443 
   
  
   3,782 
   
  
   9,225 
   
  
 
   
   Claims during year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Opened 
   
  
   130 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
   306 
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
   222 
   
  
   448 
   
  
 
   
      Settled 
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (254) 
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
 
   
      Dismissed or otherwise 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         resolved (a) 
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
   (785) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (439) 
   
  
   (249) 
   
  
   (688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (185) 
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
   (2,396) 
   
  
 
   
      Other (b) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Claims at end of year 
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
   1,240 
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
   1,517 
   
  
   6,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
 


 (a) The number of
environmental claims dismissed or otherwise resolved, increased substantially
during 2012 as a result of Non-Life Insurance Companies determination that
certain methyl tertiary‑butyl ether (MTBE) claims presented no further
potential for exposure since these underlying claims were resolved through
dismissal, settlement, or trial for all of the accounts involved. All of these
accounts were fully reserved at the account level and included adequate
reserves for those underlying individual claims that contributed to the actual
losses. These individual claim closings, therefore, had no impact on Non-Life
Insurance Companies environmental reserves. 

 (b) Represents an
administrative change to the method of determining the number of open claims,
which had no effect on carried reserves. 

 Survival
Ratios — Asbestos and Environmental 

 The following
table presents AIG’s survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims at
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. The survival ratio is derived by dividing the
current carried loss reserve by the average payments for the three most recent
calendar years for these claims. Therefore, the survival ratio is a simplistic
measure estimating the number of years it would take before the current ending
loss reserves for these claims would be paid off using recent year average
payments.  

 Many factors,
such as aggressive settlement procedures, mix of business and level of coverage
provided, have a significant effect on the amount of asbestos and environmental
reserves and payments and the resulting survival ratio. Additionally, we
primarily base our determination of these reserves based on ground-up and
top-down analyses, and not on survival ratios.  


 


 
  
   
   137 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents survival ratios for asbestos
and environmental claims, separately and combined, which were based upon a
three-year average payment: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
 
   
   Survival ratios: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Asbestos 
   
  
   8.3 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.6 
   
  
   10.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.6 
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
 
   
      Environmental 
   
  
   5.0 
   
  
   4.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
 
   
      Combined 
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.8 
   
  
   9.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   8.1 
   
  
 


 *    Survival
ratios are calculated consistent with the basis on historical reserve excluding
the effects of the NICO reinsurance transaction. 



 
  



 Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of deferred policy
acquisition costs and insurance reserves for Life Insurance Companies. 

 DAC 

 The following table
summarizes the major components of the changes in Life Insurance Companies DAC,
including VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,607 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unlocking included in pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Related to realized capital gains and
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
 
   
   All other operating amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (887) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (890) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in DAC due to foreign
  exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Other change in DAC (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change related to unrealized depreciation
  (appreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   (621) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
 


 (a) Other change
in DAC in 2014 included (i) VOBA related to the acquisition of Ageas Protect
and (ii) an increase in DAC due to a change to include interest income on
assets supporting certain non-traditional insurance liabilities in the
determination of estimated gross profits used to amortize both DAC and URR. 
The increase in the DAC asset, which principally reflected the impact of the
change on periods prior to 2014, was substantially offset by a related increase
in the URR liability. 

 (b) DAC balance
excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of
investments was $8.7 billion, $8.0 billion and $7.7 billion at  December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively . 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

 Pre-tax
operating income in 2014, 2013 and 2012 reflected the net effect of adjustments
to update actuarial assumptions for the domestic Life Insurance Companies.
These adjustments included unlocking of estimated gross profit assumptions for
investment-oriented products as well as loss recognition expense to increase
reserves for certain traditional blocks of business. See Critical Accounting
Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products, Critical
Accounting Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health
Insurance Contracts, Unlocking of Estimated Gross Profits below, and Loss
Recognition below, for additional discussion of the process and results related
to assumption changes. 

 
  

   


 


 
  
   
   138 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in
pre-tax operating income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for
the domestic Life Insurance Companies, by product line: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Unlocking of estimated gross profit
  assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in pre-tax
  operating income from unlocking of estimated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   gross profit assumptions 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Loss recognition * : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance - Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating
  income from update of assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes loss
recognition expense that was attributable primarily to investment sales related
to capital loss carryforward utilization, which was excluded from pre-tax
operating income and reported within changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA
and SIA related to net realized capital gains (losses). 

 Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products 

 Policy
acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly related
to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing contracts for
investment-oriented products are deferred and amortized, with interest, in
relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over a
period that approximates the estimated lives of the contracts. Estimated gross
profits include net investment income and spreads, net realized capital gains
and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses.
If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC
and related reserves (which may include VOBA, SIA, guaranteed benefit reserves
and URR) are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting
adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may result in
acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization
in other products.  

 Unlocking of Estimated Gross Profit Assumptions 

 The Life
Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions used
to amortize DAC and related items for investment-oriented products at least
annually. The increases (decreases) to pre-tax operating income and pre-tax
income of these assumption updates by product line and financial statement line
item, respectively, are shown in the following tables. These adjustments do not
include loss recognition on certain long-term care products; see Loss
Recognition below for additional discussion of the update of assumptions for
certain long-term care products. 

 In 2014,
pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance Companies in aggregate increased
by $216 million as a result of the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions, the most significant of which was a net positive adjustment in
Fixed Annuities, primarily due to better investment spreads than previously
assumed.  

 A net positive
adjustment in the Retirement Income Solutions product line in 2014 was
primarily due to improved mortality assumptions. Additional adjustments in the
Retirement Income Solutions product line, related to assumptions used to value
reserves and DAC for GMWB features that are accounted for as embedded
derivatives and measured at fair value, were recorded in net realized capital
gains (losses). Adjustments reported in net realized capital gains (losses),
and in change in DAC related to net realized capital gains (losses), are
included in the table of adjustments by reported line item below, and are not
reflected in pre-tax operating income. 

 A net positive
adjustment in the Group Retirement product line in 2014 was primarily due to
more favorable assumptions for investment spreads and surrender rates than
previously assumed. 


 


 
  
   
   139 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 A net negative adjustment in the Life product line in 2014
was due to lower investment spread and higher mortality assumptions than
previously assumed. The updated mortality assumptions are still within pricing
assumptions. 

 In 2013,
pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance Companies in the aggregate
increased by a net positive adjustment of $153 million as a result of update of
estimated gross profit assumptions, primarily due to a net positive adjustment
in the Fixed Annuities product line in 2013, as a result of active spread
management of crediting rates and higher future investment yields than those
previously assumed. 

 Net negative
adjustments in the Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product
lines in 2013 resulted primarily from the update of variable annuity spreads
and surrender rates. In Group Retirement, these negative adjustments were
partially offset by an increase in the assumption for separate account asset
long-term growth rates under our reversion to the mean methodology. A negative
adjustment in the Life product line resulted from the update of mortality
assumptions. 

 In 2012,
pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance Companies in aggregate increased
by a net positive adjustment of $41 million as a result of the update of
estimated gross profit assumptions. The net positive adjustment in 2012 was
primarily due to improved surrender assumptions for fixed annuities, partially
offset by lower yield and spread assumptions for universal life and for certain
blocks of fixed annuities. 

 The
following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax income resulting
from the unlocking of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits of the
domestic Life Insurance Companies, by line item as reported in Results of
Operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Change in DAC related to net realized
  capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   214 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41 
   
  
 


 The net adjustments to DAC amortization from the unlocking
of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits, including change in DAC
related to net realized capital gains (losses), represented two percent and one
percent of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized
depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 

 The increases in net realized capital gains (losses) in 2014
and 2013, which were partially offset by adjustments to change in DAC related
to net realized capital gains (losses), reflected updated mortality assumptions
for GMWB embedded derivative liabilities in Retirement Income Solutions. 

 Reversion to the Mean 

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised the growth rate
assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period for the Group
Retirement product line in our Retirement segment, because annual growth
assumptions indicated for that period had fallen below our floor of zero
percent due to the favorable performance of equity markets. This adjustment increased
Retirement pre-tax operating income by $35 million in 2013. For variable
annuities in the Retirement Income Solutions product line, the assumed annual
growth rate has remained above zero percent for the five-year reversion to the
mean period and therefore has not met the criteria for adjustment; however,
additional favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term
assumptions could result in unlocking in this product line in the future, with
a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking. See
Critical Account Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented
Products (Life Insurance Companies) for additional discussion of assumptions
related to our reversion to the mean methodology. 


 


 
  
   
   140 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 DAC and Reserves Related to
Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 

 DAC for universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) is
adjusted at each balance sheet date to reflect the change in DAC as if fixed
maturity and equity securities available for sale had been sold at their stated
aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields (shadow DAC).
The change in shadow DAC generally moves in the opposite direction of the
change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities
portfolio. In addition, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a
prolonged low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy
benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves). The increase in the Life
Insurance Companies’ unrealized appreciation of investments in 2014 of $5.9
billion, which was driven by the decline in market interest rates, resulted in
a decrease in shadow DAC and an increase in shadow loss reserves in 2014.
Shadow loss reserves were insignificant at December 31, 2013 and increased to
$1.2 billion at December 31, 2014. In 2013, shadow DAC increased and shadow
loss reserves decreased due to an increase in market interest rates. The change
in shadow DAC and shadow loss reserves in 2014 was greater than the change in
2013, due to a larger movement in unrealized appreciation of investments. 

 Life Insurance
Companies Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents a rollforward of Life Insurance Companies’ insurance
reserves, including separate accounts and mutual fund assets under management,
by operating segment: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,242 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,378 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   991 
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (766) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,620) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,128) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,384) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,738) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   876 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,155 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,242 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,359 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,592 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,127 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,159 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,459) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,809) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,506) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,976 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,156) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,390 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,785 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,837 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,127 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   917 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   204,627 
   
  
     
   
  
   195,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,281 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (366) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173,360 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Life: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,354 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,864 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (853) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,001) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and
  other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (772) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (878) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,985 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (473) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,231) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,428) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,200) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,176 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,375) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,456 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,801 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260,403 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,699 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226,859 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,797 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,975) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,938) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,032) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,768) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   (909) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,188 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,208 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,212) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (647) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   273,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   260,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,699 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,815 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,761) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,678 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,753 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   141 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Life
Insurance Companies insurance reserves including separate accounts and mutual
fund assets under management were comprised of the following balances: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,849 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,038 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,048 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   245,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   231,935 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,743 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,678 
   
  
 


 * Excludes certain
intercompany assumed reinsurance. 

 Loss
Recognition 

 Other reserve
changes in the table above include loss recognition expense. Reserves related
to unrealized appreciation of investments include shadow loss reserves. Loss
recognition expense attributable primarily to investment sales related to
capital loss carryforward utilization was excluded from pre-tax operating
income and reported within changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA
related to net realized capital gains (losses) in Results of Operations –
Consumer Insurance . See  Critical Accounting Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for
Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts for additional discussion of
loss recognition. 

 The Life
operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $87 million in 2014 and
$67 million in 2012, which reduced pre-tax operating income in the respective
periods, to increase reserves for certain long-term care business. The 2014
loss recognition was primarily a result of lower future premium increase
assumptions and, to a lesser extent, lower yield assumptions. The 2012 loss
recognition reflected updated assumptions for morbidity and lower premium
increases.  Assumptions related to investment
yields, mortality experience and expenses are reviewed periodically and updated
as appropriate, which could also result in additional loss recognition
reserves. While t he domestic Life Insurance
Companies  do not currently offer standalone
long-term care products, these needs are addressed with various benefits and
riders in the existing portfolio, such as chronic illness riders. 


 


 
  
   
   142 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Sales of investment securities in connection with the
program to utilize capital loss carryforwards and other investment sales with
subsequent reinvestment at lower yields triggered loss recognition expense,
primarily on certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the Institutional
Markets and Retirement segments, of $30 million in 2014, $1.5 billion in 2013
and $1.2 billion in 2012, which was not reflected in pre-tax operating income. 

 Shadow loss
reserves of the Life Insurance Companies were not significant at December 31,
2013 and increased to $1.2 billion at December 31, 2014 primarily due to the
increase in unrealized appreciation of investments during the year. 



 
  



 

 
  
   
   Liquidity
  and Capital Resources 
   
  
 

 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity 
refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet our payment
obligations.  It is defined as cash and unencumbered assets that can be
monetized in a short period of time at a reasonable cost.  We manage our
liquidity prudently through various risk committees, policies and procedures,
and a stress testing and liquidity framework established by Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM). Our liquidity framework is designed to measure both the
amount and composition of our liquidity to meet financial obligations in both
normal and stressed markets. See Enterprise Risk Management — Risk Appetite,
Identification, and Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management — Liquidity Risk
Management below for additional information.   

 Capital  refers to the long-term financial resources
available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and
cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances.
Our primary source of ongoing capital generation is the profitability of our insurance
subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum capital
positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital adequacy for
both AIG and the individual businesses and are based on internally-defined risk
tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations
and business needs. Actual capital levels are monitored on a regular basis, and
using ERM’s stress testing methodology, we evaluate the capital impact of
potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in relation to the
relevant capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance subsidiaries.  

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events. 

 Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources. Additional collateral calls, deterioration in investment portfolios
or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus, higher surrenders of
annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit ratings, or catastrophic
losses may result in significant additional cash or capital needs and loss of
sources of liquidity and capital. In addition, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries. 

 Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating
agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and
capital management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are
not limited, to repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share
repurchases.   


 


 
  
   
   143 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Liquidity
  and Capital Resources Activity for 2014 
   
  
 
   
   Sources 
   •      AIG
  Parent Funding from Subsidiaries (a) 
   During 2014, AIG Parent received
  $2.6 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities
  from our Non-Life Insurance Companies and $6.8 billion in dividends and loan
  repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance
  Companies, which included approximately $829 million of legal settlement
  proceeds.  
   AIG Parent also received a net
  amount of $1.0 billion in tax sharing payments from our insurance businesses
  in 2014, reflecting $57 million in net reimbursements to our insurance
  businesses during the fourth quarter of 2014.  The tax sharing payments may
  be subject to further adjustment in future periods. 
   ·      
   Debt Issuances (b) 
   On July
  16, 2014, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.300% Notes
  due 2019 and $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.500% Notes due
  2044. 
   On
  October 15, 2014, we issued an additional $750 million aggregate principal
  amount of 4.500% Notes due 2044. 
   ·      
   Legal Settlement 
   In July
  2014, we received $650 million in cash in connection with the global
  resolution of our residential mortgage-related disputes with Bank of America. 
   ·      
   ILFC Sale 
   On May 14, 2014, we received net
  cash proceeds of approximately $2.4 billion from the sale of ILFC after
  taking into account the settlement of intercompany loans.  This cash amount
  is in addition to the 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares we
  received as consideration from the sale. 
   Uses 
   •      Debt
  Reduction 
   During 2014, we reduced DIB debt
  by approximately $7.5 billion, in each case, using cash allocated to the DIB,
  through the following: 
   •   
   On January 17, 2014, a redemption of $1.2 billion aggregate
  principal amount of its 4.250% Notes due 2014; 
   •   
   In January 2014, repurchases of $1.0 billion aggregate
  principal amount of its 8.250% Notes due 2018; 
   •   
   On May 5, 2014, a redemption of $750 million aggregate
  principal amount of its 3.000% Notes due 2015; 
   •      On July 31,
  2014, a redemption of $790 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.875%
  Notes due 2016; 
   •      On July 31,
  2014, a redemption of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of its 3.800%
  Notes due 2017;  
   •      On October 27,
  2014, a redemption of approximately $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount
  of its 8.250% Notes due 2018;  
   •      In October and
  November 2014, total repurchases of approximately $410 million aggregate
  principal amount of its 5.450% Medium-Term Notes, Series MP, Matched
  Investment Program due 2017; and  
   •      On December
  24, 2014, a repurchase of approximately $73 million aggregate principal
  amount of its 7.000% Notes due 2015. 
   On July 14, 2014, we purchased,
  in cash tender offers, (i) certain junior subordinated debentures issued or
  guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of $1.8 billion and (ii)
  certain senior notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an
  aggregate purchase price of $700 million. In October and December 2014, we
  repurchased approximately $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.175%
  Series A-6 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
   We also made other repurchases and
  repayments of approximately $5.1 billion during 2014. AIG Parent made
  interest payments on our debt instruments totaling $1.6 billion during 2014.  
   
  
 
   
   •    
   Dividend  
   We paid a cash dividend of $0.125
  per share on AIG Common Stock during each quarter of 2014. 
   •      Repurchase
  of Common Stock 
   We repurchased approximately 88
  million shares of AIG Common Stock during 2014, for an aggregate purchase
  price of approximately $4.9 billion. The total number of shares of AIG Common
  Stock repurchased in 2014, and the aggregate purchase price of those shares,
  reflect our payment of approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate under
  five ASR agreements and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares
  of AIG Common Stock in the aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70
  percent of the total notional share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million
  shares of AIG Common Stock, under an ASR agreement executed in December 2014. 
   •      Legal
  Settlement 
   On October 22, 2014, we made a
  cash payment of $960 million, which is being held in escrow pending final
  approval of the settlement of the Consolidated 2008 Securities Class Action.
  See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   144 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) In January
2015, we received $2.2 billion in additional dividends in the form of cash and
fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies and, in February
2015, we received $600 million in additional cash dividends from our Non-Life
Insurance Companies.  These dividends had been declared during the three-month
period ended December 31, 2014. 

 (b) On January
15, 2015, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.875% Notes due
2035 and $800 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% Notes due 2055. 

 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents selected data from AIG's Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 * 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Sources: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by changes in
  restricted cash    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -      
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by other investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,731 
   
  
   5,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,198 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,719 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,612 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by other financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,251 
   
  
 
   
   Total sources 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,144 
   
  
   18,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,151 
   
  
 
   
   Uses:    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (690) 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,101) 
   
  
 
   
   Repayment of Department of Treasury SPV
  Preferred Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,636) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in other financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,132) 
   
  
   (1,652) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total uses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29,641) 
   
  
   (16,993) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33,427) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
 


 *    For 2014, cash decreased by $162 million due to
reclassification of $289 million to restricted cash presented in Other assets,
partially offset by $127 million reclassification from Short-term investments,
to correct prior period presentation. 

 
  

   


 


 
  
   
   145 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents a summary of AIG’s
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Summary: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,612 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,564) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of exchange rate changes on
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 


 Operating Cash Flow Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Interest
payments totaled $3.4 billion in 2014, compared to $3.9 billion in 2013 and $4.0
billion in 2012.  Excluding interest payments, AIG generated positive
operating cash flow of $8.3 billion, $9.7 billion and $7.7 billion in 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 Insurance companies generally receive most premiums in
advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits.  The ability of
insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency
and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates
and operating expenses.  

 Cash provided by operating activities of our Non-Life
Insurance Companies was $0.9 billion in 2014 compared to $0.4 billion in 2013
and $1.1 billion in 2012, primarily reflecting the timing of the payments
related to catastrophe losses in each year. 

 Cash provided by operating activities of our Life
Insurance Companies was $4.4 billion in 2014, $4.3 billion in 2013 and $2.9
billion in 2012. The increase in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to
higher pre-tax operating income and higher proceeds from legal settlements with
financial institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of
RMBS from which our Life Insurance Companies realized losses during the
financial crisis.  

 Cash provided by operating activities of businesses held
for sale was $2.9 billion for each of 2013 and 2012. 

 Investing Cash Flow Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net cash provided by investing activities in 2014 reflected: 

 •    
 a reduction in net investment purchase activity; and  

 •    
 approximately $2.4 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ILFC. 

 Net cash
provided by investing activities for 2013 included an increase in net
investment purchase activity.  

 Net cash provided by investing activities for 2012 includes: 

 •    
 payments received relating to the sale of the underlying assets held by
ML II of approximately $1.6 billion;  

 •    
 payments of approximately $8.5 billion received in connection with the
dispositions of ML III assets by the FRBNY; and 

 •    
 gross proceeds of approximately $14.5 billion from the sale of  AIA
ordinary shares. 


 


 
  
   
   146 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Financing Cash Flow
Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2014 includes: 

 •    
 approximately $712 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the four quarters of 2014; 

 •    
 approximately $4.9  billion to repurchase approximately 88 million
shares of AIG Common Stock;  

 •    
 approximately $271 million to repay long-term debt of business
held-for-sale; and 

 •    
 approximately $16.2 billion to repay long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2013 includes: 

 •    
 approximately $294 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.10
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2013; 

 •    
 approximately $597 million to repurchase approximately 12 million
shares of AIG Common Stock; 

 •    
 approximately $9.3 billion to repay long term debt; and 

 •    
 approximately $4.9 billion in repayments of long term debt of business
held-for-sale. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2012 includes: 

 •    
 $8.6 billion to pay down the Department of the Treasury’s preferred
interests (AIA SPV Preferred Interests) in the special purpose vehicle holding
the AIA ordinary shares; and 

 •    
 total payments of approximately $13.0 billion for the purchase of 
shares of AIG Common Stock. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and
Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG Parent 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As of December 31, 2014, AIG Parent had approximately
$14.3 billion in liquidity sources. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are
held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
intermediate-term investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. Fixed
maturity securities consist of U.S. government and government sponsored entity
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and corporate and municipal
bonds. AIG Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of
products, counterparties and duration. Based upon an assessment of its
immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent purchases publicly traded,
intermediate-term investment grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be
readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements. These securities
allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of
maintaining sufficient liquidity. AIG Parent liquidity sources are monitored
through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary
sources of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments
from subsidiaries, as well as credit and contingent liquidity facilities.  AIG
Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are for debt service, capital and liability management,
operating expenses and subsidiary capital needs. 

 We generally manage capital flows between AIG Parent and
its subsidiaries through internal, Board‑approved policies and
guidelines. In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance
agreements (CMAs) in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless, regulatory
and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital
freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. 

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet
our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company
subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt markets from time to time to meet
funding requirements as needed.  


 


 
  
   
   147 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 We utilize our capital resources
to support our businesses, with the majority of capital allocated to our core
insurance operations. Should we have or generate more capital than is needed to
support our business strategies (including organic growth or acquisition opportunities)
or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute
such capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchase authorizations
or deploy such capital towards liability management. 

 In the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the
capital released by our core insurance operations or through the utilization of
AIG’s deferred tax assets may be available for distribution to shareholders.
Additionally, it is expected that capital associated with businesses or investments
that do not directly support our core insurance operations may be available for
distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability management upon
its monetization.  

 In developing plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a
number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources
available to support our core insurance operations and business strategies,
AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal
benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for
capital, as well as regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions. 

 The following table presents AIG Parent's liquidity
sources: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   As of  
   
  
   As
  of  
   
  
 
   
   (In millions) 
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
   December
  31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and short-term investments (a)(b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,154 
   
  
 
   
   Unencumbered fixed maturity securities (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,122 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under syndicated
  credit facility (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,947 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under contingent
  liquidity facility (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity sources 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,569 
   
  
 


 (a) Cash and
short-term investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling
$1.6 billion and $6.9 billion as of December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  

 (b) $2.9 billion
and $5.9 billion of cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2014 and
2013, respectively, are allocated toward future maturities of liabilities and
contingent liquidity stress needs of DIB and GCM. 

 (c)  Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, intermediate-term investment grade rated
fixed maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities consist of U.S. government
and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed
securities, and corporate and municipal bonds. 

 (d) For additional
information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see Credit Facilities
below. 

 (e) For additional
information relating to the contingent liquidity facility, see Contingent
Liquidity Facilities below. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We expect that our Non-Life Insurance Companies will be able
to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and
meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies
or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent necessary,
monetization of invested assets. Our Non-Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity
resources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly
traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities.  

 Certain Non-Life Insurance Companies are members of the
Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in their respective districts. Borrowings from
the FHLBs may be used to supplement liquidity. As of December 31, 2014 and
2013, none of our Non-Life Insurance Companies had FHLB borrowings outstanding.
 

 Our Non-Life Insurance Companies may require additional
funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances.  Large
catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to our affected
operations. Downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer
financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals
or cancellations by policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary’s ability
to meet its own obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely
affect the financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency
capital models may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required
capital. Other potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an
economic collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations,
nationalization, catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing
economic or political upheaval. 


 


 
  
   
   148 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 AIG Parent and Ascot Corporate
Name Limited (ACNL), a Non-Life Insurance Company, are parties to a $625
million letter of credit facility. ACNL, as a member of the Lloyd’s of London
insurance syndicate (Lloyd’s), is required to hold capital at Lloyd’s, known as
Funds at Lloyds (FAL). The entire FAL capital requirement of $625 million as of
December 31, 2014, which supports the 2014 and 2015 years of account, was
satisfied with a letter of credit issued under the facility. 

 AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Non-Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with a Mortgage Guaranty
insurance company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent will
maintain capital and surplus of this Mortgage Guaranty insurance company at or
above a specified minimum required capital based on a specified risk-to-capital
ratio. In addition, the CMA provides that if capital and surplus of this
Mortgage Guaranty insurance company is in excess of that same specified minimum
required capital, subject to its board approval and compliance with applicable
insurance laws, this Mortgage Guaranty insurance company would declare and pay
ordinary dividends to its equity holders up to an amount necessary to reduce
projected or actual capital and surplus to a level equal to or not materially
greater than such specified minimum required capital. As structured, the CMA
contemplates that the specified minimum required capital would be reviewed and
agreed upon at least annually. As of December 31, 2014, the minimum required
capital for the CMA with the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company is based on a
risk-to-capital ratio of 19 to 1. 

 AIG Parent was also party to a consolidated CMA with AIG Property
Casualty Inc. and certain domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies. Among other
things, the CMA provided that AIG Parent would maintain the total adjusted
capital of these Non-Life Insurance Companies, measured as a group (the Fleet),
at or above the specified minimum percentage of the Fleet’s projected total
authorized control level RBC. As a result of managing capital through internal,
Board-approved policies and guidelines, AIG Parent agreed with AIG Property
Casualty Inc. and these domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies to terminate this
CMA effective February 19, 2015. As of December 31, 2014, the specified minimum
percentage in the CMA with AIG Property Casualty Inc. and these domestic
Non-Life Insurance Companies was 300 percent. 

 In 2014, our Non-Life Insurance Companies paid approximately
$2.6 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to
AIG Parent. The fixed maturity securities included investment-grade government,
corporate and sovereign bonds, as well as agency RMBS. In 2014, our Non-Life
Insurance Companies also paid other non-cash dividends of $178 million to AIG
Parent.  In addition, our Non-Life Insurance Companies paid approximately $600
million of cash dividends to AIG Parent in February 2015, which represented the
remainder of dividends that were declared by our Non-Life Insurance Companies in
the fourth quarter of 2014.  AIG Parent was not required to make any capital
contributions pursuant to the CMAs. 

 Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We expect that our Life Insurance Companies will be able to
continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and
meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable
contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent
necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Life Insurance Companies
liquidity resources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and
publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities.  

 Certain of our domestic Life Insurance Companies are
members of the FHLBs in their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs
are used to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by
management. Our domestic Life Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings
from the FHLBs in an aggregate amount of $44 million and $50 million as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 The need to fund product surrenders, withdrawals and
maturities creates a potential liquidity requirement for our Life Insurance
Companies. Management believes that because of the size and liquidity of our
Life Insurance Companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from
projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity
risk. Furthermore, our Life Insurance Companies’ products contain certain
features that mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. As part of
their risk management framework, our Life Insurance Companies continue to
evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to improve
their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to maintain a fully
invested asset portfolio. Our Life Insurance Companies also have developed a
contingent liquidity plan to address unforeseen liquidity needs.  


 


 
  
   
   149 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Certain of our domestic Life
Insurance Companies have programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities
from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as
deemed appropriate by management. Under these programs, these domestic Life
Insurance Companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash
as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities.
Cash collateral received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally,
the aggregate amount of securities that a Life Insurance Company is able to
lend under its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general
account statutory-basis admitted assets. There were no outstanding securities
lent under these programs by our domestic Life Insurance Companies as of
December 31, 2014. The liability of our Life Insurance Companies to borrowers
for collateral received was zero as of December 31, 2014 and $4.0 billion as of
December 31, 2013. 

 AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with AGC Life Insurance
Company. Among other things, the CMA  provides that AIG Parent will maintain
the total adjusted capital of AGC Life Insurance Company at or above a
specified minimum percentage of its projected NAIC Company Action Level
Risk-Based Capital (RBC), which as of December 31, 2014, was 250 percent.  As a
result of managing capital through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines, AIG Parent agreed with certain other domestic Life Insurance
Companies to terminate their CMAs effective October 31, 2014.  

 Dividends and loan repayments from our domestic Life
Insurance Companies to AIG Parent in 2014 totaled $7.4 billion, which was
comprised of $6.8 billion of cash and fixed maturity securities and $642
million of preferred equity interests in two aircraft trust entities, and
included approximately $829 million of legal settlement proceeds. The fixed
maturity securities included investment-grade government, corporate and
sovereign bonds, as well as agency RMBS.  In addition, our domestic Life
Insurance Companies paid $2.2 billion in dividends and loan repayments, in the
form of cash and fixed maturity securities, to AIG Parent in January 2015,
which represented the remainder of dividends that were declared by our domestic
operating Life Insurance Companies in the fourth quarter of 2014.   

 Other Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Direct
Investment Book 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The DIB portfolio is being wound down and is managed with
the objective of ensuring that at all times it maintains the liquidity we
believe is necessary to meet all of its liabilities as they come due, even
under stress scenarios, and to maximize returns consistent with our risk
management objectives. We are focused on meeting the DIB’s liquidity needs,
including the need for contingent liquidity arising from collateral posting for
debt positions of the DIB, without relying on resources beyond the DIB. As part
of this program management, we may from time to time access the capital
markets, including issuing and repurchasing debt, and selling assets on an
opportunistic basis, in each case subject to market conditions. If the DIB’s
risk target is breached, we expect to take appropriate actions to increase the
DIB’s liquidity sources or reduce liquidity requirements to maintain the risk
target, although no assurance can be given that this can be achieved under then‑prevailing
market conditions. Any additional liquidity shortfalls would need to be funded
by AIG Parent. 

 From time to time, we may utilize cash allocated to the DIB
that is not required to meet the risk target for the DIB for general corporate
purposes unrelated to the DIB. 

 The DIB’s assets consist primarily of cash, short-term
investments, fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, U.S. government
and government sponsored entities and mortgage and asset backed
securities. The value of these assets is impacted by macro‑economic
trends in U.S. and core European markets, including corporate credit spreads,
commercial and residential real estate markets, and to a lesser extent,
interest rates and foreign exchange rates, among other factors. The majority of
these assets are carried at fair value. The DIB’s liabilities consist primarily
of notes and other borrowings supported by assets as well as other short-term
financing obligations. The DIB has both liabilities held at cost and
liabilities held at fair value. The liabilities held at fair value vary in
price based on changes in AIG’s credit spreads.  As of December 31,
2014 and 2013, the DIB had total assets of $15.1 billion and $23.3 billion,
respectively, and total liabilities of $9.7 billion and
$20.0 billion, respectively.  

 The overall hedging activity for the assets and liabilities
of the DIB is executed by GCM. The value of hedges related to the
non-derivative assets and liabilities of AIGFP in the DIB is included within
the assets, liabilities and operating results of GCM and is not included within
the DIB’s assets, liabilities or operating results. 


 


 
  
   
   150 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Collateral posted by operations
included in the DIB to third parties was $3.5 billion at December 31, 2014
and $4.2 billion at December 31, 2013. This collateral primarily
consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities
and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 Global
Capital Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Derivative transactions between AIG and its subsidiaries and
third parties are generally centralized through GCM, specifically through AIG
Markets. GCM is required to clear certain derivatives transactions through
central regulated clearing organizations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank). To the extent a derivatives
transaction is subject to a clearing obligation, GCM is required to post
collateral in amounts determined by the relevant clearing organization and
GCM’s clearing agreements with its futures commission merchants.  To the extent
a derivatives transaction is not subject to a clearing obligation, these
derivative transactions are governed by bilateral master agreements, the form
of which is published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc. (ISDA). Many of these agreements, primarily between GCM and third party
financial institutions, require collateral postings. Many of GCM’s transactions
with AIG and its subsidiaries also include collateral posting requirements, the
purpose of which are to provide collateral to GCM, which in turn is used to
satisfy posting requirements with third parties, including the margin
requirements of clearing organizations and futures commission merchants.  

 In addition, most of GCM’s CDSs within AIGFP are subject to
collateral posting provisions. The collateral posting provisions contained in
the ISDA Master Agreements and related transaction documents with respect to
CDSs differ among counterparties and asset classes. The amount of future
collateral posting requirements for super senior CDSs is a function of our credit
ratings, the rating of the relevant reference obligations and the market value
of the relevant reference obligations, with market value being the most
significant factor. We estimate the amount of potential future collateral
postings associated with the super senior CDSs using various methodologies. The
contingent liquidity requirements associated with such potential future
collateral postings are incorporated into our liquidity planning assumptions.  

 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, GCM had total assets of
$4.5 billion and $7.7 billion, respectively, and total liabilities of
$3.1 billion as of both dates. GCM’s assets consist primarily of cash,
short-term investments, other receivables, net of allowance, and unrealized
gains on swaps, options and forwards. GCM’s liabilities consist primarily of
unrealized losses on swaps, options and forwards. Collateral posted by GCM to
third parties was $3.0 billion at both December 31, 2014 and 2013.  GCM
obtained collateral from third parties totaling $1.1 billion and $572
million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The collateral amounts
reflect counterparty netting adjustments available under ISDA Master Agreements
and are inclusive of collateral that exceeded the fair value of derivatives as
of the reporting date. 

 Credit
Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit
facility (the Five-Year Facility) as a potential source of liquidity for
general corporate purposes. The 
 Five-Year Facility provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to
provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to
$4.0 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to
expire in June 2019. 

 As of December 31, 2014, a total of $4.0 billion remains
available under the Five-Year Facility. Our ability to borrow under the
Five-Year Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. However, our
ability to borrow under the Five-Year Facility is conditioned on the
satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial
covenants and other requirements contained in the Five-Year Facility. These
include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated
net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization.
Failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Five-Year
Facility would restrict our access to the Five-Year Facility and could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity. We expect to borrow under the Five-Year Facility from time to time,
and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.  

 
 


 
  
   
   151 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Contingent
Liquidity Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG Parent has access to a contingent liquidity facility of
up to $500 million as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate
purposes. Under this facility, we have the unconditional right, prior to
December 15, 2015, to issue up to $500 million in senior debt to the
counterparty, based on a put option agreement between AIG Parent and the
counterparty.   

 Our ability to borrow under this facility is not contingent
on our credit ratings. 

 

 Contractual
Obligations 

 


 The
following table summarizes contractual obligations in total, and by remaining
maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Payments due by Period  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,248 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,410 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   226,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   160,027 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   404 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   310,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,860 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,302 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   184,610 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,980 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,722 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,805 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,961 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,508 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,916 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,248 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,410 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   226,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   160,027 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,625 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,071 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   353,473 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   210,526 
   
  
 


 (a) Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures. 

 (b) Does not
reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.4 billion, the timing of which is
uncertain.   

 Loss Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Loss reserves relate to our Non-Life Insurance Companies
and represent future losses and loss adjustment expense payments estimated
based on historical loss development payment patterns. Due to the significance
of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be
materially different from actual required payments. We believe that our
Non-Life Insurance Companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the
actual required payments under these obligations. 

 Insurance and
Investment Contract Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance and investment contract liabilities, including
GIC liabilities, relate to our Life Insurance Companies. These liabilities
include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled
maturities, including periodic payments of a term certain  
 


 
  
   
   152 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 nature.
These liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant
portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual
maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. For these
policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the
occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability,
(ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may
occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control. 

 We have made significant assumptions to determine the
estimated undiscounted cash flows of these contractual policy benefits. These
assumptions include mortality, morbidity, future lapse rates, expenses,
investment returns and interest crediting rates, offset by expected future
deposits and premiums on in-force policies. Due to the significance of the
assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be materially different from
actual required payments. The amounts presented in this table are undiscounted
and exceed the future policy benefits and policyholder contract deposits
included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 We believe that our Life Insurance Companies have adequate
financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these
obligations. These subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash
and short-term investments. In addition, our Life Insurance Companies maintain
significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities,
including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could
seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are
insufficient. We expect liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded
through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.  

 Borrowings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our borrowings exclude those incurred by consolidated
investments and include hybrid financial instrument liabilities recorded at
fair value. We expect to repay the long-term debt maturities and interest
accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments and dispositions of
invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from
invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing arrangements. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
and Commercial Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Amount of Commitment Expiring  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Committed  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   852 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   783 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   452 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   468 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit    
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   566 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   356 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees    
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   153 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  commercial commitments (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,616 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,031 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,490 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,795 
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   871 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  commercial commitments (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,597 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   539 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our Life
Insurance Companies. Excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations
included in asset sales agreements.  See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information on indemnification obligations. 

 (b) Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and mutual funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related
fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under
these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries. 

 (c)  Does not
include guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG consolidated
entities.  

 (d) Primarily
represents liquidity facilities provided in connection with certain municipal
swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations. 

 (e) Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2015 is expected to be approximately $173 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans. 

 (f) Includes a
five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap Ireland
Capital Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender (the AerCap Credit
Facility). The AerCap Credit Facility provides for an aggregate commitment of
$1.0 billion and permits loans for general corporate purposes. At December 31,
2014, no amounts were outstanding under the AerCap Credit Facility.    

 Arrangements with Variable Interest
Entities  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We enter into various arrangements with variable interest
entities (VIEs) in the normal course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when
we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.  For a further discussion of our
involvement with VIEs, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Indemnification Agreements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. These arrangements may
be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the
realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of
representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These arrangements are
typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of
law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific
terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be
subject to contractual limitations. For additional information regarding our
indemnification agreements, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 We have recorded liabilities for certain of these
arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. These liabilities are not
material in the aggregate. We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of
the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments under
these arrangements.  


 


 
  
   
   154 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides the rollforward of AIG’s
total debt outstanding: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
   Repayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,508) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,570 
   
  
 
   
   Subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,986) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
 
   
   Loans and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (518) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (317) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,106 
   
  
 
   
   AIG/DIB borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,781) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,998) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (91) 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG/DIB borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   463 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,792) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,370 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (591) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (450) 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,485 
   
  
   (c) (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,327) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,147) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
 


 (a)  AIG Parent guarantees all DIB debt, except for MIP notes
payable and Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct
obligations of AIG Parent. 

 (b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the fair value of
debt. 

 (c)  Reflects debt that has been reclassified from Other
subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable to Debt of consolidated
investments. 

 (d)  At December 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated
investments held through AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corp., AIG Credit
Corp., AIGLH and AIG Property Casualty Inc. of $2.0 billion, $54 million,
$1.5 billion and $122 million, respectively. 

 (e)  Includes the effect of consolidating previously
unconsolidated securitization vehicles. 

   


 


 
  
   
   155 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Total DEBT
OUTSTANDING  

 (in
millions) 

 
  
   
     
   
     
   
  
 


 The decrease in total debt outstanding as of December 31,
2014 compared to December 31, 2013 was primarily due to maturities and
repayments of debt and redemptions and repurchases of certain debt securities,
as discussed above. 

 Debt Maturities  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes maturing debt at
December 31, 2014 of AIG (excluding $3.7 billion of borrowings of consolidated
investments) for the next four quarters: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
     
   
  
   Second 
   
  
     
   
  
   Third 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
 
   
   AIG/DIB borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   883 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   414 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,017 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,018 
   
  
 


 See Note 15 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details for debt
outstanding. 

 
 


 
  
   
   156 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Credit
ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly
affect the cost and availability of financing to that company.  The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 2, 2015. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating  category and
not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Short-Term Debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Long-Term Debt  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
     
   
  
   Moody’s (a) 
   
  
   S&P (b) 
   
  
   Fitch (c) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   P-2 (2nd of 3) 
   
  
   A-2 (2nd of 8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1 (4th of 9) 
   
  
   A- (3rd of 8) 
   
  
   BBB+ (4th of 9) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Financial
  Products Corp. (d) 
   
  
   P-2  
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1  
   
  
   A- 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG Funding,
  Inc. (d) 
   
  
   P-2 
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories. 

 (b) S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (c)  Fitch ratings
may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative
standing within the major rating categories. 

 (d) AIG guarantees
all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp. and AIG Funding, Inc. 

 These credit
ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be changed,
suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of
changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances.
Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 

 We are party to
some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 

 In the event of
adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies, AIGFP
and certain other GCM entities would be required to post additional collateral
under some derivative transactions or could experience termination of the
transactions. Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect our
business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our
liquidity. In the event of a further downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior debt
ratings, AIGFP and certain other GCM entities would be required to post
additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other GCM entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early. 

 The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade.  

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in the financial strength ratings of
our insurance companies or our credit ratings, see Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity,
Capital and Credit.   

 Regulation and Supervision  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a
discussion of our regulation and supervision by different regulatory
authorities in the United States and abroad, including with respect to our
liquidity and capital resources, see Item 1. Business — Regulation and Item 1A.
Risk Factors — Regulation.  

 
 


 
  
   
   157 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Dividends
and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 13, 2014, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share, payable on
March 25, 2014 to shareholders of record on March 11, 2014. On May 5,
2014, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.125 per share, payable on June 24, 2014 to shareholders of record on June
10, 2014. On August 4, 2014, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on
AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share, payable on September 25, 2014 to
shareholders of record on September 11, 2014. On November 3, 2014, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share,
payable on December 18, 2014 to shareholders of record on December 4,
2014.  

 On February 12, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share, payable on March 26, 2015 to
shareholders of record on March 12, 2015. The payment of any future dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on various
factors, including the regulatory framework applicable to us, as discussed
further in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 On August 1, 2013, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase
of shares of AIG Common Stock, with an aggregate purchase price of up to $1.0
billion, from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through
forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase
transactions or otherwise. On February 13, 2014, June 5, 2014 and October
31, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized increases to the August 1,
2013 repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of an aggregate of $4.5
billion. 

 During 2014, we repurchased approximately 88 million shares
of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9
billion pursuant to this authorization. 

 In the second, third and fourth quarters of 2014, we
executed five ASR agreements with third-party financial institutions. The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2014, and the aggregate
purchase price of those shares, each as set forth above, reflect our payment of
approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate to the financial institutions under
the ASR agreements and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares of AIG
Common Stock in the aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of
the total notional share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of AIG
Common Stock, under an ASR agreement executed in December 2014.  That ASR
agreement settled in January 2015, at which time we received approximately 3.5
million additional shares of AIG Common Stock based on a formula specified by
the terms of the ASR agreement. 

 On February 12, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an
additional increase to the August 1, 2013 repurchase authorization of AIG
Common Stock of $2.5 billion, resulting in an aggregate remaining authorization
on such date of approximately $2.5 billion. Shares may be repurchased from time
to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise.  The
timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.    

 Dividend Restrictions  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payments of dividends to AIG by
its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by
regulatory authorities. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for a discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries. 









 


 
  
   
   158 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Enterprise
  Risk Management 
   
  
 


 Risk management includes the identification and measurement
of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation
of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while
optimizing returns. We consider risk management an integral part of managing
our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance. 

 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   We have an integrated
  process for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our
  firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has oversight
  responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management
  (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in
  each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated
  view of the firm’s major risk positions. Within each business unit, senior
  leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and targeted risk
  tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports our businesses
  and management in the embedding of enterprise risk management in our key
  day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying,
  managing and mitigating the risks taken by us and our businesses.
  Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful and
  material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows,
  liquidity or financial condition may occur. 
   
  
    
  
 
     
  
     Enterprise Risk
    Management (ERM) 
     
  
 
   
     ·    Our
    ERM framework provides senior management with a consolidated view of our
    risk appetite and major risk positions. 
     ·    In
    each of our business units, senior leaders and executives approve
    risk-taking policies and targeted risk tolerances within the ERM framework
    while working with ERM to mitigate risks across the firm. 
     ·    Risk management is an integral part of how we manage
    our core businesses. 
     
  
 
   

   
  
 


 

 Risk Governance Structure 

 


 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk
categories. Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk
policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk
committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to
support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business
unit. We review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and
make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our
risks and risk-taking. 

 Our Board of Directors oversees the management of risk
through its Risk and Capital Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those
committees regularly interact with other committees of the Board of Directors.
Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and  AIG’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 

 The Group Risk Committee (GRC)  is the senior management group charged with assessing all
significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial strength,
optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is chaired by
our CRO. Its membership includes our CEO, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and
other executives from across our corporate functions and business units. Our
CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the RCC and the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 Management committees that
support the GRC are described below. These committees are comprised of senior
executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions
and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries. These committees are
charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within
their respective mandates. 

 Financial Risk Group (FRG):   The FRG is responsible for the oversight of financial
risks taken by AIG and its subsidiaries. Its mandate includes overseeing our
aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as
well as asset-liability
management, derivatives activity, and foreign exchange transactions. Membership
of the FRG includes our EVP —  
 


 
  
   
   159 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Investments,
Deputy AIG Chief Investment Officer, as well as our CFO, and other senior
executives from Finance and ERM. Our CRO serves as Chair of  the FRG. 

 Transaction Approval and
Business Practices Committee (TABPC):  TABPC provides the primary corporate-level review function for
all proposed transactions and business practices that are significant in size,
complex in scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or
regulatory risks. Our Deputy General Counsel serves as TABPC Chair and
additional members include our CRO and CFO, and other senior executives from
Finance, Legal, Treasury, Investments and our business units. 

 Operational Risk Committee
(ORC):  This committee oversees operational
risk management activities across AIG’s businesses, functions, and geographic
locations. The ORC reviews the enterprise-wide identification, escalation and
mitigation of operational risks that may arise from inadequate or failed
internal processes, people, systems, or external events.  The ORC also
monitors current and emerging operational risks, as well as management actions
taken to reduce risks to acceptable  levels. The Committee approves the Operational
Risk Management (ORM) Policy and ORM Framework, which includes the
identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement of risks. The Committee
ensures applicable governance structures are established to provide oversight
of operational risk at each business unit and corporate function. The ORC also
reviews aggregate firm-wide operational risk reports and provides a forum for senior
management to assess our operational risk profile and to discuss operational
risks that may affect our strategic objectives. 

 ORC members include senior AIG executives with expertise in
legal, compliance, technology, human resources, finance and operational risk,
as well as business continuity management and the chief risk officers of our
business units. 

 Business Unit Risk and Capital Committees:  Each of
our major insurance businesses has established a risk and capital committee (BU
RCC) that serves as the senior management committee responsible for risk
oversight at the individual business unit level.  The BU RCCs are responsible
for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within
their respective portfolios. Specific responsibilities include setting risk
tolerances, approving capital management strategies (including asset allocation
and risk financing), insurance portfolio optimization, risk management policies
and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In addition to its BU RCC,
each major insurance business has established subordinate committees which
identify, assess and monitor the specific operational, transactional and
financial risks inherent in its respective business. Together, the BU RCCs and
AIG Risk Committees described above provide comprehensive risk oversight
throughout the organization. 

 

 Risk
Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Risk
Appetite Framework 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder
interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. We
intend to balance these by taking measured risks that are expected to generate
repeatable, sustainable earnings and produce long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our Risk Appetite Statement approved by
the Board of Directors  
 


 
  
   
   160 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 or a committee thereof and a
set of supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies,
which we use to manage our risk profile and financial resources.   

 We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are set at the AIG
Parent as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance
company capital and liquidity ratios.  We must comply with standards for
capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations
as they come due in accordance with our internal capital management and
liquidity policies. The risk appetite for our insurance operations inform the
requirements for capital adequacy for individual legal entities.  Our risk
tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency
expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely reviews the level of risk
taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk
tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented periodically, as
required, to the RCC by our CRO. 

 Risk
Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a
process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the
material risks identified for our core businesses and allows monitoring and
meeting of both internal and external stakeholder’s expectations. Our
objectives include: 

 •    
 Monitoring of risks, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring
timely oversight and enforceability; 

 •    
 Defining a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance from
the group-level to regional entities; and 

 •    
 Alignment with Risk Appetite Statement, where applicable.  

 To support the monitoring and management of AIG’s and its
business units’ material risks, ERM has established a limits framework that employs
a three-tiered hierarchy:  

 •    
 Level I Limits  are AIG consolidated level limits. They define our
aggregate maximum exposures for core risks within the boundaries set by the Risk
Appetite Statement, and constrain our concentration in specific risk types.
These limits are set to manage key risks identified by ERM and to meet
requirements by regulators and rating agencies at a consolidated level. Level 1
Limits are reported to the FRG, GRC and RCC. 

 •    
 Level II Limits  are business unit level limits. They define our
appetite for specific, material risk taking activities within business units
and corporate functions. These key risks are identified by ERM for the business
unit and/or corporate function, and risk limits are developed to meet the
specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. Level II Limits are
reported to the BU RCC and FRG. 

 •    
 Level III Limits  monitor risk utilization on the regional or
local level and are developed to address any specific requirements by
regulators and rating agencies for that region not captured by the Level I and
Level II limits. Level 3 Limits are reported at the local entity BU RCC. 

 All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or business unit level
risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved
by those committees. 

 The business units are responsible for complying with all
risk limits. The ERM teams and chief risk officers within each business unit
monitor such compliance and provide regular, timely reporting to our senior
management and risk committees. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a
timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level
of severity or materiality. Responsibility for addressing and/or remediating
any breach rests with individuals within the specific unit that experienced the
breach.  

 Risk
Identification and Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite Framework is
risk identification.  We conduct risk identification through a number of
processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our
material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management actions. A
key initiative is our annual  integrated bottom-up
risk identification and assessment process  
 


 
  
   
   161 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 down to
the product-line level . These processes are used as a critical input to
enhance and develop our analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the
organization. 

 We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and
manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and
early warning indicators. We use a proprietary stress testing framework to
measure our quantifiable risks. This framework is built on our existing ERM
stress testing methodology for both insurance and non-insurance operations. The
framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and under different levels
of stress. We develop a range of stress scenarios based both on internal
experience and regulatory guidance. The stress tests are intended to ensure
that sufficient resources for our insurance company subsidiaries and the
consolidated company are available under both idiosyncratic and systemic market
stress conditions. 

 The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate
exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the
risk in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its
statutory capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance
company subsidiaries, and risks to AIG consolidated capital. Using our stress
testing methodology, we evaluate the capital and earnings impact of potential
stresses in relation to the relevant capital constraint of each business
operation. We use this information to determine the resources needed at the AIG
Parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital resources required to
maintain consolidated company target capitalization levels. 

 
  
   
   We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
  below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages: 
   
  
 
   
    
  
 
   
     •    
     Credit Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Liquidity Risk Management  
     
  
     •    
     Insurance Operations Risks 
     
  
 
   
     •    
     Market Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Operational Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Other Operations Risks 
     
  
 
   
    
  
 


    

 Credit Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or
counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations
when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty’s
credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads. 

 We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit.  

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our credit risks are overseen and managed by ERM. ERM is
assisted by credit functions headed by highly experienced credit professionals
that take and manage our credit risk. Their primary role is to assure
appropriate credit risk management in accordance with our credit policies and
procedures relative to our credit risk parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer
(CCO) and credit executives are primarily responsible for the development,
implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework, which includes
the following elements related to our credit risks:   

 •    
 developing and implementing our company-wide credit policies and
procedures; 

 •    
 approving delegated credit authorities to our credit executives; 


 


 
  
   
   162 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 •      developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process; 

 •    
 managing a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval
process for credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of
risk that may exist or be incurred; 

 •    
 evaluating, monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and
concentrations regularly with senior management; and 

 •    
 approving appropriate credit reserves, credit-related
other-than-temporary impairments and corresponding methodologies in all credit
portfolios. 

 We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, letters of credit and trust collateral accounts as credit
exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure data.  

 See Investments – Available for Sale Investments herein for
further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures. 

 Market
Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact
due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: 
equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values,
interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels
of volatility.  

 We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets businesses, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. The chief risk officer within
each business is responsible for properly identifying these risks, then
ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and managed in
accordance with the risk governance framework established by the Chief Market
Risk Officer (CMRO).  

 The scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is
managed under a robust framework that contains documented risk-taking
authorities, defined risk limits and minimum standards for managing market risk
in a manner consistent with our Risk Appetite Statement. Our market risk
management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of
changes in these broad market observables, distinct from the idiosyncratic
risks associated with individual assets that are addressed through our credit
risk management function. 

 Risk
Identification 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial conditions, liquidity and capital. 

 Each of the following systemic risks is considered a market
risk: 

 Equity prices.   We are exposed to changes in equity
market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can
affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private
equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and other
equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance. 

 Residential and commercial real estate values.   Our
investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety
of residential and commercial real estate investments. Changes in residential/commercial
real estate prices can affect the valuation of residential/commercial
mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage‑backed securities and other
structured securities with underlying assets that include residential/commercial
mortgages: trusts that include residential/commercial real estate and/or
mortgages (REITs), and residential mortgage insurance contracts and commercial
real estate investments.  


 


 
  
   
   163 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Interest rates.   Interest
rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets
versus liabilities. Lower interest rates generally result in lower investment
income and resulting product changes will generally reduce the attractiveness
of our insurance products in the marketplace.  Conversely, higher interest
rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates
rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric U.S. GAAP accounting effect
where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in
Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
contracts including but not limited to fixed rate annuities, variable annuities
and derivative contracts. 

 Credit spreads.   Credit spreads measure an
instrument’s risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration,
default‑free instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate
bonds, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt
obligations, credit derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments.
Much like higher interest rates, wider credit spreads mean more investment
income in the long‑term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will
cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is
largely reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous rise in credit
spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit‑worthiness
of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses. 

 Foreign exchange (FX) rates.   We are a globally
diversified enterprise with significant income, assets and liabilities
denominated in, and significant capital deployed in, a variety of currencies.
Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet
and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in
specific transactions.  

 Commodity Prices.   Changes in commodity prices (the
value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded
commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity
indices. 

 Inflation.   Changes in inflation can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations,
derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and
insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly,
via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk is managed at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The CMRO is supported
by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM who work in partnership with
the senior management of our finance, treasury and investment management
corporate functions.  The CMRO is primarily responsible for the development and
maintenance of a risk management framework that includes the following key
components: 

 •      written policies
that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear
guidance regarding their execution and management;  

 •      a limit
framework that aligns with our Board-approved Risk Appetite Statement; 

 •      independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and 

 •      clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to market risk management. 

 These components facilitate the CMRO’s identification,
measurement, monitoring, reporting and management of our market risks.   

 Risk
Measurement  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our market risk measurement framework was developed with the
main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk
exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in a manner
that is consistent with AIG’s Risk Appetite Statement. This is designed to
ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine
how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our
framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of capital  
 


 
  
   
   164 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 and liquidity levels under specific stress tests. At the
market risk level, the framework measures our overall exposure to each systemic
market risk change on an economic basis. 

 In addition, we continue to enhance economic, U.S. GAAP
accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at the market risk
level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels. This process aims
to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk
exposures. 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to measure
  our market risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity
  analysis.  Sensitivity analysis measures the impact from a unit
  change in a market risk input. Examples of such sensitivities include a one
  basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, a one basis point
  increase in credit spreads on fixed maturity securities, and a one percent
  increase in price on equity securities. 
   Scenario analysis.    Scenario
  analysis uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
  macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures. Examples of
  hypothetical scenarios include a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield
  curve or a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world‑wide
  equity markets. Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive
  at a probability distribution of losses. 
   Stress testing.    Stress
  testing is a special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are
  designed to lead to a material adverse outcome. Examples of such scenarios
  include the stock market crash of October 1987 or the widening of yields or
  spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008. 
   
  
 


    

 Market
Risk Sensitivities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides estimates of our
sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency
exchange rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Exposure 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Effect 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 bps parallel increase in all
  yield curves 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   273,885 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268,208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,107) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,341) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,594 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,649 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (921) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   290,498 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   282,878 
   
  
   (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,029) 
   
  
   (b)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15,004) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20% decline in stock prices and value of 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   alternative investments 
   
  
 
   
   Equity and alternative investments
  exposure: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,798 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,900 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,160) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,980) 
   
  
 
   
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,858 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,810 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,772) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,962) 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,612 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (722) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (623) 
   
  
 
   
   PICC (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,375 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,536 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (507) 
   
  
 
   
   Common equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,044 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (385) 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   763 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
 
   
   AerCap  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (994) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   957 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (266) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (191) 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity and alternative investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   exposure 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,006 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,801) 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   165 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Sensitivity
  factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10% depreciation of all foreign currency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   exchange rates against the U.S. dollar 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,035) 
   
  
 


 (a)    At December 31, 2014, the
analysis covered $290 billion of $309 billion interest-rate sensitive assets.
Excluded are $1 billion in DIB assets, $8 billion of loans, and $4 billion of
investments in life settlements. In addition, $5 billion of assets across
various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. At December
31, 2013, the analysis covered $283 billion of $306 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded are $6 billion in DIB assets, $5 billion of loans, and $4
billion of investments in life settlements. In addition, $8 billion of assets
across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling and/or data
limitations.  

 (b)    Commencing in the first
quarter of 2014, we began using a duration and convexity method to estimate the
impact of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on each security. The
change in method had no material effect on the amounts presented at December
31, 2013. 

 (c)    Includes our investments in
PICC Group and PICC P&C. 

 (d)    The majority of the foreign
currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. 

 Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our
consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S
dollar liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis. We use a bottom-up approach in
managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of
protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. We manage
cash flow risk on our foreign currency-denominated debt issued by AIG Parent
and use a variety of techniques to mitigate this risk, including but not
limited to the execution of cross-currency swaps and the issuance of new
foreign currency-denominated debt to replace equivalent maturing debt. At the
AIG Parent level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single
currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits. As a matter of general
practice, we do not typically hedge our foreign currency exposures to net
investments in subsidiaries. However, we may utilize either cross-currency
swaps or our foreign currency- denominated debt as a net investment hedge of
our capital in subsidiaries.  

 At December 31, 2014, our five largest foreign currency net
asset positions were denominated in British pounds, Canadian dollars, Euro,
Hong Kong dollars and Japanese yen. Our foreign currency-denominated net asset
position at December 31, 2014 increased by 16.0 percent, or $1.7 billion,
compared to December 31, 2013. The increase was mostly due to a $650 million
increase in our Hong Kong dollar position, primarily resulting from the Non-Life
Insurance Companies investment in PICC P&C; a $585 million increase in our
British pound position, primarily resulting from AIG Parent repurchasing outstanding
British pound-denominated debt; a $378 million increase in our Japanese yen
position, mainly attributable to Japanese yen deferred tax liability reduction;
a $153 million increase in our Canadian dollar position, mainly attributable to
an increase in operating income from underwriting and investments; and a $75
million increase in our Euro position primarily resulting from AIG Parent
repurchasing outstanding Euro-denominated debt. These increases were partially
offset by a $173 million decrease in our Polish zloty position, primarily
resulting from the sale of our equity investment in Santander Consumer Bank.  

 For illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities
based on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline
in equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all
foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results
presented in the table above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a
demonstration of the potential effects of such events.  

 The sensitivity factors utilized
for 2014 and presented above were selected based on historical data from 1994
to 2014, as follows (see the table below): 

 •      a 100 basis
point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard
deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield; 

 •      a 20 percent
drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and 

 •      a 10 percent
depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Great Britain pound (GBP)
exchange rate. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  Scenario as 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2014
  as a Multiple 
   
  
   Original
  2013 Scenario (based 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Standard 
   
  
   Suggested 
   
  
   a
  Multiple of 
   
  
   Change/ 
   
  
   of
  Standard 
   
  
   on
  Standard Deviation for 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Period 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   2014
  Scenario 
   
  
   Standard
  Deviation 
   
  
   Return 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   1993-2013
  Period) 
   
  
 
   
   10-Year
  Treasury 
   
  
   1994-2014 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   1.00 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   0.87 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
   1994-2014 
   
  
   0.19 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   1.05 
   
  
   0.11 
   
  
   0.60 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
   USD/GBP 
   
  
   1994-2014 
   
  
   0.09 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   1.07 
   
  
   (0.06) 
   
  
   0.63 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   166 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Risk Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business
units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM
Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is
aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees.  

 See Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement
– Risk Limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits. 

 Liquidity Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action.  

 AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash can be generated to meet the
obligations as they come due. 

 AIG Parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are established
for base and stress scenarios over a time horizon covering a period of up to
one year. We maintain a liquidity buffer designed to ensure that funding needs
are met under varying market conditions. If we project that we will breach the
tolerance, we will assess and determine appropriate liquidity management
actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that time may not permit
us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity
requirements. 

 Risk
Identification 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following sources of liquidity and funding risks could impact
our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.   

 •       
 Market/Monetization Risk: Assets cannot be readily transformed into cash
due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our
ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs.    

 •       
 Cash Flow Mismatch Risk: Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or
gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business
conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls. 

 •       
 Event Funding Risk: Additional funding is required as the result of a
trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a
downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that created a
funding obligation or limits existing funding options.  

 •       
 Financing Risk: We are unable to raise additional cash on a secured or
unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific issues, or
any other issue that impedes access to additional funding. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity risk is managed at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The AIG CRO has
responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and
delegates day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer,
with ERM oversight. 

 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved Risk Appetite
Statement.   The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our  
 


 
  
   
   167 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing
business, and to meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in
both normal and stressed conditions.  

 Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number of
liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market related liquidity events. 

 Risk
Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions
are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We
produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that
incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by identifying
liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our
cash flow and liquidity. 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to
  measure  our  liquidity  risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Coverage Ratios:  Coverage
  Ratios measure the adequacy of a portfolio of assets to meet the forecasted
  net cash flow over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of assets is
  selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash under the
  assumed market conditions and within the specified time horizon.  
   Asset Ratios:  Asset Ratios measure
  and track the quality of an entity’s assets that can be used to raise
  liquidity over a specified period of time.   
   Cash Flow Forecasts:  Cash Flow
  Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity over a
  specified time horizon. 
   Stress
  Testing:  Coverage Ratios and Asset Ratios are re-measured under defined
  liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets
  and/or other funding sources. 
   
  
 


 Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported
regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The frequency,
content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal
entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size. 

 Operational
Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other
adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes,
people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk,
but excludes business and strategy risks.  

 Operational risk is inherent in each of our business units
and corporate functions. Operational risks can have many impacts, including but
not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to
negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies, operational
and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships. 

 Our ORM function, which supports our ORC, has the
responsibility to provide an aggregate view of our operational risk profile. Our
ORM function oversees the Operational Risk policy and framework, which includes
risk identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement. The ORM program
captures various types of risk to provide an aggregate view for each business and
function. This includes operational risks related to core insurance
activities, investing, model risk, technology (including cyber security, access,
data privacy and data security), third party providers, compliance and
regulatory matters. 

 Each business unit is responsible for managing its
operational risks and implementing the components of the operational risk
management program. In addition, certain corporate control functions have been
assigned accountability for enterprise-wide operational risk management for
their respective areas. These control functions include Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX),
Business Continuity Management (BCM), Information Technology Security Risk and
Compliance, Model Validation and Vendor Risk  
 


 
  
   
   168 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Management.
Senior business operational risk executives report to their respective business
unit CRO and to the Head of our ORM. This reporting structure is designed to enable
close alignment with the business unit while ensuring consistent implementation
of operational risk management practices.  

 
  
   
   A strong
  operational risk management program facilitates the identification and mitigation
  of operational risk issues. To accomplish this, our operational risk
  management program is designed to: 
   
  
 
   
   •         pro-actively
  address potential operational risk issues; 
   •         create
  transparency throughout the organization; and 
   •         assign
  clear ownership and accountability for addressing identified operational risk
  issues. 
   
  
 


 As part of the ORM framework, we deploy an integrated risk
assessment approach which includes top-down risk assessments to identify our
most significant operational risks, a Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA)
process to identify key operational risks conducted at the business units and
corporate functions and the identification of emerging risks through our Vulnerability
Identification (VID) process which considers risks that have not yet fully
manifested but could become significant over time. In addition, we conduct scenario
analysis to identify remote but plausible potential risks that could result in
severe financial losses.   Corrective action
plans are developed to address identified issues. Businesses are accountable
for tracking and remediating these issues.  

 Operational risk management reporting to senior management
and operational risk governance committees provides awareness of operational
risk exposures, identifies key risks and facilitates management decision
making. Reporting includes operational risk mitigation and monitoring, RCSA
results and the status of issue resolution to senior management.  

 Insurance
Operations Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Except as described above, we manage our business risk oversight
activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our
insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on
equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium
adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.   

 Our insurance businesses are conducted on a global basis and expose us
to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks
throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of
procedures: 

 •      pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution; 

 •      underwriting
approval processes and authorities; 

 •      exposure limits
with ongoing monitoring; 

 •      modeling and
reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy,
line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and
catastrophic risk events); 

 •      compliance with
financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; 

 •      use of
reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and 

 •      review and
establishment of reserves. 

 We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and
controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 

 


 
  
   
   169 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Risk Identification 

 


 •      Non-Life Insurance Companies  — risks covered
include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation,
management liability and mortgage insurance. We manage risks in the general
insurance business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at
multiple levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal
entity. We manage risks in the mortgage
insurance business through geographic classification, risk based pricing,
premium adequacy monitoring, and prudent credit policy and underwriting
standards. 

 •      Life
Insurance Companies  —  risks include mortality and morbidity in the
insurance-oriented products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract
liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement savings-oriented products. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting,
and external reinsurance programs. 

 We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations.  Reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management
(retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. We may purchase
reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to
purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global
counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks, both
for the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the
Life Insurance Companies. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance risks are managed at the business unit level
within ERM through the business unit chief risk officers, who report directly
to the AIG CRO. Oversight is provided by the business unit chief risk officers.
The business unit chief risk officers and their teams work closely with
management to manage insurance risks. The framework includes the following key
components: 

 •      written policies
that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;  

 •      a limit framework
focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our Board-approved Risk
Appetite Statement; and 

 •      clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to insurance risk management. 

 Risk
Measurement, Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to measure
  our insurance risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Stochastic
  methods.  Stochastic methods are used to measure and monitor risks
  including natural catastrophe, reserve and premium risk. We develop probabilistic
  estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or
  industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk. 
   Scenario analysis.   Scenario
  or deterministic analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as
  terrorism or to estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios. 
   
  
 


 In addition, we monitor concentrations of exposure through
insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or
counterparty. 

 Non-Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We manage insurance risks through risk review and selection
processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured
retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 


 


 
  
   
   170 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 For Non-Life Insurance Companies,
insurance risks primarily include the following: 

 •    
 Liability for Unpaid
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses -  The
potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses is a key risk faced by the  Non-Life
Insurance Companies . There is significant uncertainty
in factors that may drive the ultimate development of losses compared to our
estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty
through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as
well as reviews by external experts. See Item 1. Business – A review of
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses herein for further information. 

 •    
 Underwriting -  The potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future
risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the  Non-Life
Insurance Companies  ability to achieve an underwriting
profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and expenses, but
factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and complexity in
estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to generate
underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic conditions,
unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of claims, worse than
expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or expenses.  

 •    
 Catastrophe
Exposure -  Our business is exposed to various catastrophic events in
which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any
calendar year. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other
catastrophes, have the potential to adversely affect our operating results.
Other risks, such as man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also
adversely affect our business and operating results to the extent they are
covered by our insurance products. Concentration of exposure in certain
industries or geographies may cause us to suffer disproportionate losses. 

 •    
 Reinsurance    -    Since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are
exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the unrecoverability of
expected payments from reinsurers either due to an inability or unwillingness
to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event, or that actual
reinsurance coverage is different than anticipated.   The inability
or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our
credit risk management framework. 

 Natural
Catastrophe Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such
as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling,
monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe
reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in
addition to other reinsurance protections. 

 We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor
models, and make adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment
expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks. 

 We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities.  Lessons learned from  post-catastrophe event  studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts which allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.  

 We recognize that climate change has implications for  insurance
industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk
management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science
and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models
and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in climate
and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. In
addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development,
underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to
and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 

 Our natural catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the
U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple
countries. For example, we have exposures to additional perils such as European
windstorms and floods. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure
in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions. Events
impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in a higher share
of industry losses than other regions primarily  
 


 
  
   
   171 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 due
to our relative share of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have
significant earthquake exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New
Madrid regions. Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid
regions may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily
due to our relative share of exposure in these regions. 

 The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent, respectively.   

 The following table presents an overview of modeled
losses (OEP) for top perils and countries.  

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 2015 
   
  
   Percent
  of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance,
  After Tax 
   
  
   Shareholder
  Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exposures: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,821 
   
  
   1.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Earthquake (1-in-250) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Wind (1-in-100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,225 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Earthquake (1-in-250) (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   584 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)    The U.S. hurricane amount
includes losses to Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. 

 (b)    U.S. earthquake loss
estimates represent exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and
A&H business lines. 

 (c)    Japan Earthquake represents
exposure to Property and A&H business lines. 

 The OEP estimates provided above reflect our in-force
portfolios at September 30, 2014, for U.S. exposures, and at June 30, 2014 for
Japan exposures. The catastrophe reinsurance program is as of January 1, 2015. 

 As noted above, AIG, along with other non-life insurance and
reinsurance companies, utilizes industry-recognized catastrophe models and
apply their proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss
estimates. The use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially
change the projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for
assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, modeled
losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies.  

 Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that
all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the
reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled. However,
reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. In particular, the use of
catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection compared to
traditional reinsurance transactions. Therefore, these estimates are inherently
uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure to these events.  

 Our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program includes coverage
for natural catastrophes and some coverage for terrorism events. It consists of
a large North American occurrence cover (without reinstatement) to protect
against a large U.S. loss, and a worldwide aggregate cover to protect against
multiple, potentially smaller, losses.  The attachment point for this reinsurance
program is at $3 billion.   

 Actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps
materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and liquidity. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors — Reserves and
Exposures for additional information. 

 Terrorism
Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to
losses from terrorist attacks. We have set risk limits based on modeled losses
from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party
vendor model and various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are
made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of
different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks. 

 Our largest terrorism exposures are in New York City, and
estimated losses are largely driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation
lines of business. At our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a
five-ton bomb attack net of the  
 


 
  
   
   172 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Terrorism Risk
Insurance Act (TRIA) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $3.1
billion as of September 30, 2014. We also have smaller terrorism exposure in
Canadian cities and in London.  

 Our exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by TRIA in
addition to limited private reinsurance protections. TRIA covers terrorist
attacks within the United States or U.S. missions and against certain U.S.
carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by
applicable law. In 2015, TRIA covers 85 percent of insured losses above a
deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is about $2.7 billion for 2014.   

 We offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through
various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when
applicable. International terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based
modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted
reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses
due to terrorist attacks. 

 Mortgage
Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For Mortgage Guaranty, the potential exposure to loss is due
to borrower default on a first-lien residential mortgage; the primary drivers
of this risk are changes in mortgage underwriting standards, home price
depreciation, changes in the unemployment rate, changes in mortgage rates, and
mortgagee behavior. 

 Mortgage Guaranty manages the quality of the loans it
insures through use of a proprietary risk quality index. Mortgage Guaranty uses
this index to determine an insurability threshold as well as to manage the risk
distribution of its new business. Along with traditional mortgage underwriting
variables, Mortgage Guaranty’s risk-based pricing model uses rating factors
such as geography and the historical quality of a lender’s origination process
to establish premium rates. 

 Reinsurance
Recoverable 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG’s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of: 

 •      Paid losses
recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss adjustment
expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected. 

 •      Ceded loss
reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses,
including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for IBNR. 

 •      Ceded reserves
for unearned premiums. 

 At December 31, 2014,
total reinsurance recoverable assets were $22.0 billion. These assets
include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.5 billion, ceded
loss reserves of $15.7 billion including reserves for IBNR, and ceded
reserves for unearned premiums of $3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance
recoverables of $1.8 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to
establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and
severity of losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed
and updated by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe
that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2014
reflects a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual
losses may, however, differ, perhaps materially, from the reserves currently
ceded. 

 The Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic
detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and
potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the
financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable
ceded to reinsurers, and set limits with regard to the amount and type or
exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments,
we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess
its financial capacity and liquidity; and evaluate the local economic and
financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews
the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral
to mitigate credit risk. For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we
frequently include provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or
use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs.
Furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of
credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines
in regulatory capital, or specified declines in risk-based capital (RBC)
ratios. We also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which
in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum
potential  
 


 
  
   
   173 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 exposure from unexpected events for a
reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM review reinsurer exposures
and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit limits above specified levels.
Finally, even where we conclude that uncollateralized credit risk is
acceptable, we require collateral from active reinsurance counterparties where
it is necessary for our subsidiaries to recognize the reinsurance recoverable
assets for statutory accounting purposes. At December 31, 2014, we held $7.4
billion of collateral, in the form of funds withheld, securities in reinsurance
trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters of credit, in support of reinsurance
recoverable assets from unaffiliated reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to
a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate concentration of risk to AIG,
nor is our business substantially dependent upon any single reinsurance
contract. 

 The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance
recoverable assets: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
      
   
  
   A.M. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Best 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurer: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,366 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,624 
   
  
 
   
   Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA+ 
   
  
   A++ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   373 
   
  
 
   
   Munich Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
 


 (a) The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of February 10, 2015. 

 (b) Total reinsurance
assets include both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life Insurance
Companies reinsurance recoverable. 

 (c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable balances.  

 (d) Includes
$1.5 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive reinsurance transaction
pursuant to which a large portion of the Non-Life Insurance Companies  net
domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to NICO. Does not include
reinsurance assets ceded to other reinsurers for which NICO has assumed the
collection risk. See Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses —
Transfer of Domestic Asbestos Liabilities. 

 At
December 31, 2014, we had no significant general reinsurance recoverable
due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled.  Reinsurer capital levels continued to increase in 2014,
thereby increasing  the industry’s underwriting
capacity. This increased capacity has resulted in increased competition and
lower rates for 2015 renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates
could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some
reinsurers. The RCD, in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM,
reviews these developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may
require the reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate
means to mitigate any material risks arising from these developments.  

 See Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets for further discussion of reinsurance recoverable.  

 Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Life Insurance Companies manage these risks through product
design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance
and active monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and liabilities,
including hedging. The emergence of significant adverse experience would
require an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for a particular
period. For a further discussion of this risk, see Item 1A. Risk
Factors — Business and Operations. 

 For Life Insurance Companies, insurance risks primarily
include the following: 

 •      Mortality risk  – represents the risk of loss arising from actual
mortality rates being higher than expected mortality rates.  This risk
could arise from pandemics or other events, including longer-term societal
changes that cause higher than expected mortality. This risk exists in a number
of our product lines but is most significant for our life insurance products. 

 •      Longevity risk  – represents the risk of a change in value of a policy or
benefit arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term societal health changes
as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number of our product lines but
is most significant for our retirement, institutional and annuity products. 

 •      Client behavioral risk including
surrender/lapse risk  – there are many
assumptions made when products are sold including how long the contracts will
persist. Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions.  This
risk is  
 


 
  
   
   174 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 impacted by a number of factors including
changes in market conditions, tax law, regulations and policyholder
preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product lines. 

 •      Interest rate risk  - represents the potential for loss due to a change in
interest rates. Interest rate risk is measured with respect to assets,
liabilities (both insurance-related and financial), and derivatives. This risk
manifests itself when interest rates move significantly in a short period of
time (interest rate shock) but can also manifest itself over a longer period of
time such as a persistent low interest rate environment. 

 •      Equity risk  – represents the potential for loss due to changes in
equity prices. It affects equity-linked insurance products, including but not
limited to index annuities, variable annuities (and associated guaranteed
living and death benefits), universal life insurance, and variable universal
life insurance. It also affects our equity investments and equity-related
investments. In addition, changes in the volatility of equity prices can affect
the valuation of those insurance products that are accounted for in a manner similar
to equity derivatives.  

 Other
Operations Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Global
Capital Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 GCM actively manages its exposures to limit potential
economic losses, and in doing so, GCM must continually manage a variety of
exposures including credit, market, liquidity and operational risks. The senior
management of AIG defines the policies and establishes general operating
parameters for GCM’s operations. Our senior management has established various
oversight committees to regularly monitor various financial market, operational
and credit risks related to GCM’s operations. The senior management of GCM
reports the results of its operations to and reviews future strategies with
AIG’s senior management. 

 GCM
Derivative Transactions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A counterparty may default on any obligation to us,
including a derivative contract. Credit risk is a consequence of extending
credit and/or carrying trading and investment positions. Credit risk exists for
a derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to AIG. The
maximum potential exposure will increase or decrease during the life of the
derivative commitments as a function of maturity and market conditions. To help
manage this risk, GCM operates within the guidelines set by the c redit function within ERM .
Transactions that fall outside these pre-established guidelines require the
specific approval of ERM. It is also AIG’s policy to record credit valuation
adjustments for potential counterparty default when necessary. 

 In addition, GCM utilizes various credit enhancements,
including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit
derivatives, margin agreements and subordination to reduce the credit risk
relating to its outstanding financial derivative transactions. GCM requires
credit enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among
other things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size
and maturity. Furthermore, GCM enters into certain agreements that have the
benefit of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as ISDA Master
Agreements, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements. These
provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a transaction,
GCM can set off its receivables from a counterparty against its payables to the
same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. As a result, where a
legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction
with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair values. 

 The fair value of GCM’s interest rate, currency, credit,
commodity and equity swaps, options, swaptions, and forward commitments,
futures, and forward contracts reported in Derivative assets, at fair value,
was approximately $1.4 billion at both December 31, 2014 and 2013.
Where applicable, these amounts have been determined in accordance with the
respective master netting agreements. 

 GCM evaluates counterparty credit quality by internal
analysis consistent with the risk rating policies of ERM, and supplements such
analysis with ratings from rating agencies, where applicable.  In addition,
GCM’s credit approval process involves pre-approved counterparty credit
exposure limits that are established by ERM. 


 


 
  
   
   175 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
the fair value of GCM’s derivatives portfolios by internal counterparty credit
rating: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
      A 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
 
   
      BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   687 
   
  
 
   
      Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
 


 See Note 11
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion related to
derivative transactions. 

 AIG
Parent and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The major risk for investments in life settlements is
longevity risk, which represents the risk of a change in the carrying value of the
contracts arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer term societal health changes
as well as other factors. 








   

 
  
   
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. 

 
  
   
   The
  accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of
  estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are
  related to the determination of: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   classification of ILFC as held for sale and related fair value
  measurement; 
   •    
   income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
  deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
  profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
  asset; 
   •    
   liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses; 
   •    
   reinsurance assets; 
   •    
   valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent
  of loss recognition; 
   •   
   valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of
  variable annuity products; 
   •    
   estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
  investment-oriented products; 
   •    
   impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available
  for sale securities, impairments on investments in life settlements and
  goodwill impairment; 
   •    
   liability for legal contingencies; and 
   •      fair value
  measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities. 
   
  
 


 These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially affected.  


 


 
  
   
   176 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The major assumptions used to
establish each critical accounting estimate are discussed below. 

 Classification
of ILFC as Held for Sale and Related Fair Value Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We report a business as held for sale when management has
approved or received approval to sell the business and is committed to a formal
plan, the business is available for immediate sale, the business is being
actively marketed, the sale is anticipated to occur during the next 12 months,
which may require significant judgment, and certain other specified criteria
are met. A business classified as held for sale is recorded at the lower of its
carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. If the carrying
amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is recognized. 

 On December 16, 2013, AIG Parent and Seller entered into a
definitive agreement with AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) and AerCap Ireland
Limited for the sale of 100 percent of the common stock of ILFC (the AerCap
Agreement) for consideration consisting of $3.0 billion of cash and
approximately 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares. The consideration
had a value of approximately $5.4 billion based on AerCap’s pre-announcement
closing price per share of $24.93 on December 13, 2013.  Upon closing of the
transaction on May 14, 2014, we recorded the 97.6 million AerCap shares
received at their then fair value of $47.01 and, together with the next cash
received, recorded pre-tax and after-tax gains of approximately $2.2 billion
and $1.4 billion, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2014.  We
determined ILFC met the criteria for held-for-sale accounting at December 31,
2013. Because we received approximately 46 percent of the common stock of
AerCap upon closing of the transaction and we continued to hold such percentage
at December 31, 2014, ILFC does not qualify for discontinued operations
presentation in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Consequently, ILFC’s
operating results are presented in continuing operations for all periods
presented. 

 Income
Taxes  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Recoverability
of Net Deferred Tax Asset 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The evaluation of the recoverability of our net deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized.
The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it
can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more
positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a
conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 

 We consider a number of factors to reliably estimate future
taxable income, so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net
operating losses (NOLs), foreign tax credits (FTCs), capital loss and other
carryforwards. These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our
businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, both of
which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG‑specific
conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions
and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to
our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax
planning strategies. Our income forecasts, coupled with our tax planning
strategies, all resulted in sufficient taxable income to achieve realization of
the U.S. tax attributes prior to their expiration. 

 See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred
tax asset. 

 Uncertain
Tax Positions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our accounting for income taxes,
including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s best estimate of
various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB Interpretation
No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48) (now incorporated
into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes) prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties and additional disclosures. We determine
whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based
on technical  
 


 
  
   
   177 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 merits, upon examination by the relevant
taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in the
financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. 

 We classify interest expense and
penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of income taxes. 

 U.S.
Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to determining
the amount of income taxes related to differences between the book carrying
amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are complex. Determining the amount also
requires significant judgment and reliance on reasonable assumptions and
estimates.  

 Insurance
Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liability
for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Non-Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The estimate of the Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses consists of several key judgments:  

 •    
 the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for these
estimates;   

 •    
 the relative weights given to these models by class; 

 •    
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and  

 •    
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar classes and,
in some cases, the segmentation of dissimilar claims within a class.  

 We use numerous assumptions in determining the best estimate
of reserves for each class of business. The importance of any specific
assumption can vary by both class of business and accident year. Because actual
experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there
is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves.
This is particularly true for long-tail casualty classes of business such as
excess casualty, asbestos, D&O, and primary or excess workers’
compensation. 

 All of our methods to calculate net reserves include
assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability.
Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process
and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established. 

 In some of our estimation processes we rely on the claims
department estimates of our case reserves as an input to our best estimate of
the ultimate loss cost. 




   


 


 
  
   
   178 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Overview of Loss Reserving Process
and Methods 

 The Non-Life Insurance Companies’ loss reserves can
generally be categorized into two distinct groups. Short-tail classes of
business consist principally of property, Personal Insurance and certain
casualty classes. Long-tail casualty classes of business include excess and
umbrella liability, D&O, professional liability, medical malpractice,
workers’ compensation, general liability, products liability and related
classes. 

 Short-Tail Reserves 

 For operations writing short-tail coverages,  such as
property, the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves is
generally geared toward maintaining incurred but not reported reserves based on
percentages of net earned premiums for that business, rather than determining
an ultimate loss ratio for current business based on reported losses. For
example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a class
of property business might be expected to approximate 20 percent of the most
recent quarter’s earned premiums. This level of reserve would generally be
maintained regardless of the actual losses emerging in the current quarter. The
percent of premium factor would reflect both the expected ultimate cost for
reported claims and the expected percentage of losses that have not yet been
reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs generally reflect the average loss
ratio from a period of preceding years that have been adjusted for changes in
rate and loss cost levels, mix of business, known exposure to unreported
losses, or other factors affecting the particular class of business. The
expected percentage of losses that have not yet been reported would be derived
from historical loss emergence patterns. IBNR for claims arising from
catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be determined using
alternative techniques in close collaboration with the claims department.  For
some classes, a loss development factor method or percentage of monthly losses
method may be used to determine IBNR reserves. 

 Long-Tail
Reserves 

 
  
   
   Estimation of ultimate
  net losses and loss adjustment expenses (net losses) for long-tail casualty
  classes of business  is a complex process and depends on a number of
  factors, including the class and volume of business, as well as estimates of
  the reinsurance recoverable. Experience in the more recent accident years
  shows limited statistical credibility in reported net losses on long-tail
  casualty classes of business. That is because a relatively low proportion of
  net incurred losses represent reported claims and expenses, and an even
  smaller percentage represents net losses paid. Therefore, IBNR constitutes a
  relatively high proportion of net losses. 
   
  
   
   To
  estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes  
  of business, we  
  use a variety of actuarial methods and assumptions. 
   

   
  
 
   
   To estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes
  of business,  we use a variety of
  actuarial methods and assumptions and other analytical techniques as
  described below.  A detailed reserve review is generally performed at least
  once per year to allow for comprehensive actuarial evaluation and
  collaboration with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk
  management and senior management. 
   
  
 




   


 


 
  
   
   179 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 We generally make a number of
actuarial assumptions in the review of reserves for each class of business. 

 
  
   
   For
  longer-tail classes of business, we generally make actuarial assumptions with
  respect to the following: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   Loss cost trend
  factors  which are used to establish
  expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected
  loss ratios for prior accident years. 
   •    
   Expected loss
  ratios  for the latest accident year
  (i.e., accident year 2014 for the year-end 2014 loss reserve analysis)
  and, in some cases for accident years prior to the latest accident year. The
  expected loss ratio generally reflects the projected loss ratio from prior
  accident years, adjusted for the loss trend and the effect of rate changes
  and other quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. For low-frequency,
  high-severity classes such as excess casualty, expected loss ratios generally
  are used for at least the three most recent accident years. 
   •    
   Loss development
  factors  which are used to project the
  reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. Generally, the
  actual loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be
  used as a basis to determine the lo ss development factors for the
  subsequent accident years. 
   
  
 


 We record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each of the
Non-Life Insurance Companies classes of business.  The overall change in our
loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all classes of business.
For most long-tail classes of business, the quarterly loss reserve changes are
based on the estimated current loss ratio for each class of coverage less any
amounts paid. Also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident
years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest reserve studies
or large loss analysis, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss
reserve for the current quarter. 

 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 

 The process of determining the
current loss ratio for each class of business is based on a variety of factors. 
These include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss
ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business.
Other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors
such as trends in loss costs, real gross domestic product (GDP) growth,
inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock market volatility,
corporate bond spreads, or in the legal and claims environment. The current
loss ratio for each class of business is intended to represent our best
estimate of the current loss ratio after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions underlying the loss
ratios are reviewed to determine if the loss ratios remain appropriate. This
process includes a review of the actual claims experience in the quarter,
actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in coverage, reinsurance or mix of
business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. When
this review suggests that the initially determined loss ratio is no longer
appropriate, the loss ratio for current business is changed to reflect the
revised assumptions. 

 We conduct a comprehensive loss reserve review at least
annually for each of the Non-Life Insurance Company and class of business.   The reserve analysis for each class of
business is performed by the actuarial personnel who are most familiar with
that class of business. In this process, the actuaries are required to make
numerous assumptions, including the selection of loss development factors and
loss cost trend factors. They are also required to determine and select the
most appropriate actuarial methods for each business class. Additionally, they
must determine the segmentation of data that will enable the most suitable test
of reserve adequacy. In the course of these detailed reserve reviews an
actuarial central estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these
central estimates for each class of business provides an overall actuarial
central estimate of the loss reserve for that class.  

 We continue to consult with third party environmental
litigation and engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims
professionals, third party clinical and public health specialists, third party
workers’ compensation claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to
help inform our judgments.  In 2014, the third party actuarial reviews
covered the majority of net reserves held for our Commercial long-tail classes
of business, and run-off portfolios reported in Corporate and Other.  


 


 
  
   
   180 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   In determining the actual carried
  reserves, we consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous
  other internal and external factors, including: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   an assessment of economic conditions including
  real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock
  market volatility and changes in corporate bond spreads; 
   •    
   changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial
  and social environment including changes in
  road safety, public health and cleanup standards; 
   •    
   changes in medical cost trends (inflation,
  intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation trends 
   •    
   underlying policy pricing, terms and
  conditions  including attachment points and policy limits ;   
   •    
   claims handling  processes and
  enhancements ;   
   •    
   third-party claims reviews that are
  periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort,
  environmental and other complex casualty claims and 
   •    
   third-party actuarial reviews that are
  periodically performed for key classes of business. 
   
  
 


 Loss reserve development can also be affected by commutations
of assumed and ceded reinsurance agreements. 

 Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Classes of Business 

 In
testing the reserves for each class of business , our actuaries
determine the most appropriate actuarial methods. This determination is based
on a variety of factors including the nature of the claims associated with the
class of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. Other
considerations include the loss development characteristics associated with the
claims, the volume of claim data available for the applicable class, and the
applicability of various actuarial methods to the class. In addition to
determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss
reserve groupings of data. For example, we write many unique subclasses of
professional liability. For pricing or other purposes, it is appropriate to
evaluate the profitability of each subclass individually. However, for purposes
of estimating the loss reserves for many classes of business, we believe it is
appropriate to combine the subclasses into larger groups to produce a greater
degree of credibility in the claims experience. This determination of data
segmentation and actuarial methods is carefully considered for each class of
business. The segmentation and actuarial methods chosen are those which
together are expected to produce the most robust estimate of the loss reserves. 

 The actuarial methods we use for most long-tail casualty
classes of business include loss development methods, expected loss ratio
methods, including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” methods described below, and
frequency/severity models.  Loss development methods utilize the actual loss
development patterns from prior accident years to project the reported losses
to an ultimate basis for subsequent accident years. Loss development methods
generally are most appropriate for classes of business which exhibit a
stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for
which the components of the classes have similar development characteristics.
For example, property exposures would generally not be combined into the same
class as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not
be combined into the same class as excess casualty exposures. In 2014, we continued
to refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty
classes of business and adopted further segmentations based on our analysis of
the differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds. We
generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data
lacks sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for
new classes of business or for long-tail classes at early stages of loss
development.  Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency
counts are available to apply such approaches. 

 Expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an
expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the class of business to
determine the loss reserves.  For example, an expected loss ratio of
70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a
class of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million.
Subtracting any reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result
in the indicated loss reserve for this class. Under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson”
methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported
portion of the losses. For example, for a long-tail class of business for which
only 10 percent of the losses are expected to be reported at the end of
the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be applied to the
90 percent of the losses still unreported. The actual reported losses at
the end  
 


 
  
   
   181 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 of the accident year would be added to
determine the total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting
the reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the
indicated loss reserve. In the example above, the expected loss ratio of
70 percent would be multiplied by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent
would be applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an
estimated unreported loss of $6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be
added to arrive at the total ultimate losses. If the reported losses were
$1 million, the ultimate loss estimate under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson”
method would be $7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the
expected loss ratio method described above. Thus, the “Bornhuetter Ferguson”
method gives partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the
class of business. Loss development methods generally give full credibility to
the reported loss experience to date. In the example above, loss development
methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million,
as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only
10 percent of the ultimate losses. 

 A key advantage of loss development methods is that they
respond quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the class of business.
Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or improving, the
loss development method gives full credibility to the changing experience.
Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the change, as they
would continue to give more weight to the expected loss ratio, until enough
evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the changing loss
experience. On the other hand, loss development methods have the disadvantage
of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss experience is not
credible. For example, the presence or absence of large losses at the early
stages of loss development could cause the loss development method to overreact
to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it will continue at
later stages of development. In these instances, expected loss ratio methods
such as “Bornhuetter Ferguson” have the advantage of recognizing large losses
without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the unreported portion
of the losses for the accident year.  

 Frequency/severity methods generally rely on the
determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each
claim for each accident year.  Multiplying the estimated ultimate number of
claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim
produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. Frequency/severity
methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the
average severity to be predictable. Average severity for subsequent accident
years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend
to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. In certain
cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss
cost. Frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts
can generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate
losses. Thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these
methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other
methods. However, for average severity to be predictable, the class of business
must consist of homogeneous types of claims for which loss severity trends from
one year to the next are reasonably consistent. Generally these methods work
best for high frequency, low severity classes of business such as personal
auto.  

 Structural drivers analytics seek to explain the
underlying drivers of frequency/severity.   A structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of
uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For example, for the excess workers’
compensation class of business, we have attempted to corroborate our judgment
by considering the impact on severity of the future propensity for deterioration
of an injured worker’s medical condition, the impact of price inflation on the
various categories of medical expense and cost of living adjustments on
indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and claim specific
settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the following: 

 •    
 Claim by claim reviews to determine the stability and likelihood of
settling an injured worker’s indemnity and medical benefits – the claim file
review was facilitated by third party specialists experienced in workers’
compensation claims; 

 •    
 Analysis of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition
unlikely to be picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially
costly medical procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of
medical care) over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime; 

 •    
   Analysis of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of
medical spend (services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line
with statutory requirements; 

 •    
 Portfolio specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions
based on a mortality study conducted for AIG’s primary and excess workers’
compensation portfolios and AIG’s opinion of future longevity trends for the
open reported cases; 

 •    
 Ground-up consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the
class of business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims;
and 


 


 
  
   
   182 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 •      The effects of
various run-off claims management strategies that have been developed by AIG’s
run-off unit. 

 During 2014, we continued to expand our analysis of
structural drivers as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional
actuarial techniques. For example, we considered the impact of changes in
economic activity (real GDP growth) on our emerging experience in the
Commercial Auto Liability class of business, particularly business written in
excess of a large insured deductible where ground up experience may take
several years to pierce our layer. Further, we considered the impact of
expected levels of future inflation as measured by the Personal Consumption
Expenditure (PCE) Deflator (Health Services Component) published by the U.S.
Bureau of Economic Analysis on our ultimate loss costs for medical benefits in
the primary workers’ compensation class of business. We believe the PCE
Deflator provides a more appropriate measure of workers’ compensation medical
inflation as it includes medical expenditures made by employers on behalf of
their employees. We also tested the sensitivity of our estimates to changes in
the future path and level of inflation for this class of business. 

 Overall, our loss reserve reviews for long-tail classes
typically utilize a combination of both loss development and expected loss
ratio methods, supplemented by structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity where available.   Loss
development methods are generally given more weight for accident years and
classes of business where the loss experience is highly credible. Expected loss
ratio methods are given more weight where the reported loss experience is less
credible, or is driven more by large losses. Expected loss ratio methods
require sufficient information to determine the appropriate expected loss
ratio. This information generally includes the actual loss ratios for prior
accident years, and rate changes as well as underwriting or other changes which
would affect the loss ratio. Further, an estimate of the loss cost trend or
loss ratio trend is required to allow for the effect of inflation and other
factors which may increase or otherwise change the loss costs from one accident
year to the next. 

 The estimation of loss reserves relating to asbestos and
environmental claims on insurance policies written many years ago is subject to
greater uncertainty than other types of claims.  This is due to inconsistent
court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions
that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent
of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. In addition, reinsurance
recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are
subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim,
underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and
determination of proper policy period. For these reasons, these balances tend
to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity
when actually billed. The insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive
litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with
a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures. 

 We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages
from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and
alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites,
referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims
asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and
environmental claims emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years.
Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for
pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current Non-Life Insurance Companies
Environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for
environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the
analysis. 

 The majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental
claims are excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The litigation
costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with litigation
expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur. Individual
significant claim liabilities, where future litigation costs are reasonably
determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis. 

 Reserve Estimation for Asbestos and Environmental Claims  

 Estimation of asbestos and environmental claims loss
reserves is a subjective process. Reserves for asbestos and environmental
claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as
those that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. The
methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to
establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by
management. 

 Various factors contribute to the complexity and difficulty
in determining the future development of claims. Significant factors that
influence the claims estimation process include court resolutions and judicial
interpretations which broaden the intent of the policies and scope of coverage.
The current case law can be characterized as still evolving, and there is
little likelihood that any firm direction will develop in the near future.
Additionally, the exposures for cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites  
 


 
  
   
   183 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 involve issues such as allocation of responsibility
among potentially responsible parties and the government’s refusal to release
parties from liability. Future claims development also will be affected by the
changes in Superfund and waste dump site coverage and liability issues.  

 If the asbestos and environmental reserves develop
deficiently, resulting deficiencies could have an adverse effect on our future
results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 With respect to known environmental claims, we established
over two decades ago a specialized environmental claims unit, which
investigates and adjusts all such environmental claims. This unit evaluates
environmental claims utilizing a claim-by-claim approach that involves a
detailed review of individual policy terms and exposures. Because each
policyholder presents different liability and coverage issues, we generally
evaluate exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, considering a variety of factors
such as known facts, current law, jurisdiction, policy language and other
factors that are unique to each policy. Quantitative techniques must be
supplemented by subjective considerations, including management judgment. Each
claim is reviewed at least semi-annually utilizing the aforementioned approach
and adjusted as necessary to reflect the current information. 

 The environmental claims unit also actively manages and
pursues early resolution with respect to these claims in an attempt to mitigate
its exposure to the unpredictable development of these claims. We attempt to
mitigate our known long-tail environmental exposures through a combination of
proactive claim-resolution techniques, including policy buybacks, complete
environmental releases, compromise settlements, and, when appropriate,
litigation. 

 Known asbestos claims are managed in a similar manner. Over
two decades ago we established a specialized toxic tort claims unit, which
historically investigated and adjusted all such asbestos claims. As part of the
above mentioned NICO transaction, effective January 1, 2011, NICO assumed
responsibility for claims handling related to the majority of AIG’s domestic
asbestos liabilities. 


 


 
  
   
   184 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following is a discussion
of actuarial methods applied by major class of business: 

 
  
   
    Class
   of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty 
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for excess casualty classes. 
   Frequency/severity methods are generally not used in
  isolation to determine ultimate loss costs as the vast majority of reported
  claims do not result in claim payment. (However, frequency/severity methods
  assist in the regular monitoring of the adequacy of carried reserves to
  support incurred but not reported claims). In addition, the average severity
  varies significantly from accident year to accident year due to large losses
  which characterize this class of business, as well as changing proportions of
  claims which do not result in a claim payment. To gain more stability in the
  projection, the claims amenable to loss development methods are analyzed in multiple
  layers: the layer capped at $1 million, $4 million excess of $1 million,
  $5 million excess of $5 million, $15 million excess of $10 million, and the layer
  above $25 million. The expected loss ratios for the layers above $1 million
  are derived from the expected relationship between the layers, reflecting the
  attachment point and limit by accident year. 
   In addition, we leverage case
  reserving based methodologies for complex claims/ latent exposures such as
  those involving toxic tort and other claims accumulations. 
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are generally used for
  at least the three latest accident years, due to the relatively low
  credibility of the reported losses. The loss experience is generally reviewed
  separately for lead umbrella classes and for other excess classes, due to the
  relatively shorter tail for lead umbrella business. Automobile‑related
  claims are generally reviewed separately from non-auto claims, due to the
  shorter-tail nature of the automobile‑related claims. Claims relating
  to certain latent exposures such as construction defects, exhaustion of
  underlying product aggregate limits, or mass torts are reviewed separately
  due to the unique emergence patterns of losses relating to these claims. The
  expected loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the
  projected ultimate loss ratios of prior years, adjusted for rate changes,
  estimated loss cost trends and all other changes that can be quantified. 
   During 2014, we estimated the
  loss development patterns for mass tort claims separately from non-mass tort
  claims based on our experience over the last 30 years. This segmentation led
  to lower estimates for accident years 2005 and subsequent for non-mass tort
  claims where we expect underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits
  to have a favorable effect on ultimate losses, particularly for accident
  years 2007 to 2013. This was entirely offset by higher selected ultimates for
  accident years 2004 and prior as a result of this segmentation. 
   
  
 
   
   D&O and Related Management
  Liability Classes of Business 
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for D&O and related management
  liability classes of business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are
  generally not used in isolation for these classes as the overall losses are
  driven by large losses more than by claim frequency. Severity trends have
  varied significantly from accident year to accident year and care is required
  in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give weight to claim
  department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a claim by claim basis
  as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values especially for older
  accident years. 
   
  
     
   
  
   These classes of business reflect
  claims made coverage, and losses are characterized by low frequency and high
  severity. Expected loss ratio methods are given more weight in the two most
  recent accident years, whereas loss development methods are given more weight
  in more mature accident years. For the year-end 2014 loss reserve review,
  claims projections for accident years 2013 and prior were used. 
   
  
 
   
   Workers’
  Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of
  loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for workers’
  compensation. We segment the data by state and industry class to the extent
  that meaningful differences are determined to exist. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For guaranteed cost business,
  expected loss ratio methods generally are given significant weight only in
  the most recent accident year. Workers’ compensation claims are generally
  characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively consistent loss
  development from one accident year to the next. We historically have been a
  leading writer of workers’ compensation, and thus have sufficient volume of
  claims experience to use development methods. We generally segregate
  California (CA) business from other business in evaluating workers’
  compensation reserves. In 2012, we segmented out New York (NY) from the other
  states to reflect its different development pattern and changing percentage
  of the mix by state. We also revised our assumptions to reflect changes in
  our claims management activities. Certain classes of workers’ compensation,
  such as construction and business written in excess of a deductible, are also
  evaluated separately. Expected loss ratio methods for business written in
  excess of a deductible may be given significant weight in the five or more
  most recent accident years. Additionally, we write a number of very large
  accounts which include workers’ compensation coverage. These accounts are
  generally individually priced by our actuaries, and to the extent
  appropriate, the indicated losses based on the pricing analysis may be used
  to record the initial estimated loss reserves for these accounts. 
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   In 2014, we refined the
  segmentation of business written in excess of a deductible by analyzing loss
  development separately for each layer/deductible size group. We also updated
  our tail factor selections in CA and NY and our loss development factors in
  the Construction class.  Each of these segments appears to have been impacted
  by specific structural changes in the portfolio. For CA business, our tail
  factor increases were in response to changing long-term medical development
  patterns. In NY, there has been a lengthening of the period between the date
  of accident and the classification of non-scheduled permanent partial
  injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and payouts for our top
  six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that NY and CA were the
  main states where the loss development patterns had materially changed since
  our last review. For excess of large deductible business, we updated our
  analyses to consider the impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has
  occurred over time as the data by retention band was becoming more credible. 
  Lastly, for the Construction class, we noted that the construction sector has
  experienced a comparatively slow recovery in payroll levels.  As a result of
  the diminished employment opportunities in this industry sector, injured
  workers may experience limited return-to-work opportunities, which moderate
  the shortening of claim duration that normally accompanies a labor market recovery. 
   
   In 2014, we also enhanced our
  analysis by considering our best estimate expectations of inflation
  (principally, the PCE Deflator for Health Care Services) and loss cost trends
  and we also reflected the impacts of enhancements in our claim management and
  loss mitigation activities, such as opioid drug management, fraud
  investigation and medical management. 
   
  
 
   
   Excess
  Workers’ Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We historically have used a
  combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
  excess workers’ compensation. For the year-end 2014 loss reserve review, our
  actuaries supplemented the methods used historically by applying a structural
  drivers approach to inform their judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open
  reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior and used the refined
  analysis to help inform their judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims
  that have not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these
  accident years. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail
  class of business, with loss emergence extending for decades. The class is
  highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions — in the rate of
  medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers, for example —
  which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve estimate. Claims
  estimates for this line also are highly sensitive to: 
   ·      
   the assumed future rate of inflation and other economic
  conditions in the United States; 
   ·      
   changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial and social
  environment; 
   ·      
   the expected impact of recently enacted health care reform on
  workers’ compensation costs; 
   ·      
   underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions; 
   ·      
   claims settlement trends that can materially alter the mix and
  ultimate cost of claims; 
   ·      
   changes in claims reporting and management practices of
  insureds and their third-party administrators; 
   ·      
   the cost of new and additional treatment specialties, such as
  “pain management”; 
   ·      
   the propensity for severely injured workers’ medical conditions
  to deteriorate in the future; 
   ·      
   changes in injured worker longevity; and 
   ·      
   territorial experience differences (across states and within
  regions in a state). 
   Methods based on expected loss
  ratios are given the greater weight for the more recent accident years. For
  the year-end 2014 loss reserve review, the structural drivers approach which
  was applied to open reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior, was
  deemed to be most suitable for informing our judgment of the ultimate loss
  cost for injured workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized
  (i.e., at least 9 to 10 years have elapsed since the date of
  injury). The reserve for accident years 2007 and subsequent was determined
  using a Generalized Cape Cod Method, which is similar to a Bornhuetter
  Ferguson expected loss ratio method. 
   
  
 
   
   General
  Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of
  loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for primary general
  liability or products liability classes. We also supplement the standard
  actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
  claims or claim accumulations by external specialists on those classes of
  claims. The segmentation of the data reflects state differences, industry
  classes, deductible/non-deductible programs and type of claim. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For certain classes of business
  with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be given
  significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years. For
  smaller or more volatile classes of business, loss development methods may be
  given limited weight for the five or more most recent accident years.
  Expected loss ratio methods are used for the more recent accident years for
  these classes. The loss experience for primary general liability business is
  generally reviewed at a level that is believed to provide the most
  appropriate data for reserve analysis. Additionally, certain sub-classes,
  such as construction, are generally reviewed separately from business in
  other subclasses. For other sub-classes, such as Environmental, we utilize
  the claim analysts’ claim projections for incurred but not enough reported (IBNER)
  and actuarial methods to calculate pure IBNR. In 2014, we continued to refine
  our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty classes of
  business and adopted further segmentations based on our analysis of the
  differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds. Due to the
  fairly long-tail nature of general liability business, and the many
  subclasses that are reviewed individually, there is less credibility given to
  the reported losses and increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for
  recent accident years. 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Automobile Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use loss development
  methods for all but the most recent accident year for commercial automobile
  liability classes of business. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are
  generally given significant weight only in the most recent accident year.  
   In 2014, we considered the impact
  of changes in economic activity (real GDP growth) on our emerging experience
  in the Commercial Auto Liability class of business, particularly business
  written in excess of a large insured deductible where ground up experience
  may take several years to pierce our layer. 
   
  
 
   
   Healthcare 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for healthcare classes of business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are sometimes used for
  pricing certain healthcare accounts or business. However, for loss reserve
  adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility generally results
  in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogenous to utilize
  frequency/severity methods. 
   We also supplement the standard
  actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
  claims by specialists on those classes of claims. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The largest component of the
  healthcare business consists of coverage written for hospitals and other
  healthcare facilities. We test reserves for excess coverage separately from
  those for primary coverage. For primary coverages, loss development methods
  are generally given the majority of the weight for all but the latest three
  accident years, and are given some weight for all years other than the latest
  accident year. For excess coverages, expected loss methods are generally
  given all the weight for the latest three accident years, and are also given
  considerable weight for accident years prior to the latest three years. For
  other classes of healthcare coverage, an analogous weighting between loss
  development and expected loss ratio methods is used. The weights assigned to
  each method are those that are believed to result in the best combination of
  responsiveness and credibility. 
   
  
 
   
   Professional Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for professional liability classes of
  business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are used in pricing and
  profitability analyses for some classes of professional liability; however,
  for loss reserve adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility
  generally results in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogenous to
  utilize frequency/severity methods. 
   We also use claim department
  projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim to supplement and
  inform the standard actuarial approaches. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development methods are used
  for the more mature accident years. Greater weight is given to expected loss
  ratio methods in the more recent accident years. Reserves are tested
  separately for claims made classes and classes written on occurrence policy forms.
  Further segmentations are made in a manner believed to provide an appropriate
  balance between credibility and homogeneity of the data. 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophic Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We use expected loss ratio methods
  for all accident years for catastrophic casualty business. This class of
  business consists of casualty or financial lines coverage that attach in
  excess of very high attachment points; thus the claims experience is marked
  by very low frequency and high severity. Because of the limited number of
  claims, loss development methods are not relied upon. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The expected loss ratios and loss
  development assumptions used are based upon the results of prior accident
  years for this business as well as for similar classes of business written
  above lower attachment points. The business can be written on a claims-made
  or occurrence basis. We use ground-up claim projections provided by our
  claims staff to assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 
   
  
 
   
   Aviation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for aviation exposures. Aviation
  claims are not very long-tail in nature; however, they are driven by claim
  severity. Thus a combination of both development and expected loss ratio
  methods are used for all but the latest accident year to determine the loss
  reserves. 
   Frequency/severity methods are not
  employed due to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of
  claims from year to year. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are
  used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident year. We also use
  ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to assist in
  developing the appropriate reserve. 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Auto 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use frequency/severity
  methods and loss development methods for domestic personal auto classes. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For many classes of business,
  greater reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim counts
  emerge quickly for personal auto and allow for more immediate analysis of
  resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry and other diagnostic
  metrics. 
   
  
 
   
   Fidelity/Surety 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We
  generally use loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the
  latest accident year. For surety exposures, we generally use the same method
  as for short-tail classes (discussed below). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected
  loss ratio methods are also given weight for the more recent accident years.
  For the latest accident year they may be given 100 percent weight. 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage
  Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We test mortgage guaranty reserves
  using loss development methods, supplemented by an internal claim analysis by
  actuaries and staff who specialize in the mortgage guaranty business. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The reserve analysis projects
  ultimate losses for claims within each of several reserving categories based
  on actual historical experience, using primarily a frequency/severity loss
  development approach. Additional reserve tests are also employed, such as
  tests measuring losses as a percent of risk in force. Reserves are reviewed
  separately for each line of business considering the loss development
  characteristics, volume of claim data available and applicability of various
  actuarial methods to each line. 
   Reserves for mortgage guaranty
  insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses are established for reported
  mortgage loan delinquencies and estimates of delinquencies that have been
  incurred but have not been reported by loan servicers, based upon historical
  reporting trends. We establish reserves using a percentage of the contractual
  liability (for each delinquent loan reported) that is based upon projected
  claim experience for each category of delinquency, consistent in total with
  the overall reserve estimate. 
   Mortgage Guaranty losses and loss
  adjustment expenses have been affected by macroeconomic events, such as
  improving home prices and decreasing unemployment. Because these
  macroeconomic events are subject to adverse or favorable change, the
  determination of the ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses requires a
  high degree of judgment. Improving economic conditions have produced higher
  cure rates of delinquent loans in 2014, particularly in the most recent
  accident periods that may not continue in 2015. In addition, loans with modifications
  through government and lender programs may re-default resulting in new losses
  for Mortgage Guaranty if adverse economic conditions were to return.  In
  addition to improved cure rates, the favorable economic trends have resulted
  in a decline of newly reported delinquencies. Partially offsetting these
  favorable frequency trends were increases in severity, particularly for older
  delinquencies with larger delinquent interest costs, and a lower incidence of
  denied and rescinded claims. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Short-Tail Classes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For non catastrophe business, we
  generally use either loss development methods or IBNR factor methods to set
  reserves for short-tail classes such as property coverages. 
   For natural catastrophe’s,
  collaboration with the claims department and profit center management is done
  to determine the ultimate losses. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Where factors are used, they
  generally represent the percent of expected losses or other exposure measure
  yet to be reported. The factors are determined based on prior accident
  quarter loss emergence. The factors are continually reevaluated in light of
  emerging claim experience as well as rate changes or other factors that could
  affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor being employed. 
   
  
 
   
   International
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Business written by the Non-Life
  Insurance Companies internationally includes both long-tail and short-tail
  classes of business. For long-tail classes of business, the actuarial methods
  used are comparable to those described above. However, the majority of
  business written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally is
  short-tail, high frequency and low severity in nature. For this business,
  loss development methods are generally employed to test the loss reserves. 
   
  
     
   
  
   We maintain a database of detailed
  historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for business
  written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally. This allows our
  actuaries to determine the current reserves without any distortion from
  changes in exchange rates over time. Our actuaries segment the international
  data by region, country or class of business as appropriate to determine an
  optimal balance between homogeneity and credibility. The techniques developed
  by our U.S. actuaries for certain commercial classes of business are
  increasingly applied to our International portfolios where the experience
  volume and data segmentation is comparable to that of the U.S. portfolios.
  Our actuaries work closely with the claims departments in each of our major
  International locations to determine the most appropriate methodology and
  assumptions. 
   
  
 
   
   Loss Adjustment Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We determine reserves for legal
  defense and cost containment loss adjustment expenses for each class of
  business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. The methods
  generally include development methods comparable to those described for loss
  development methods. The development could be based on either the paid loss
  adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid
  losses, or both. Other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate
  ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from
  prior accident years or from similar classes of business. 
   
  
     
   
  
   We generally determine reserves for
  adjuster loss adjustment expenses based on calendar year ratios of adjuster
  expenses paid to losses paid for the particular class of business. We
  generally determine reserves for other unallocated loss adjustment expenses
  based on the ratio of the calendar year expenses paid to overall losses paid.
  This determination is generally done for all classes of business combined,
  and reflects costs of home office claim overhead as a percent of losses paid.
  We may supplement our judgments with an analysis of loss and legal expense
  mix change using predictive models that explicitly represent such mix change and
  detailed reviews with the claims department on the methods used to allocate
  the costs of the claims initiatives to new and in-force business and to
  different classes and sub-classes of business. 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophes and Severe Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We conduct special analyses in
  response to major catastrophes and severe losses to estimate our gross and
  net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses from those
  events. 
   
  
     
   
  
   These analyses may include a
  combination of approaches, including modeling estimates, ground-up claim
  analysis, loss evaluation reports from on-site field adjusters, and market
  share estimates. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   185 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Alternative
Loss Cost Trend and Loss Development Factor Assumptions by Class of Business 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For classes of business other than the classes discussed
below, there is generally some potential for deviation in both the loss cost
trend and loss development factor assumptions.  

 The effect of these deviations is expected to be smaller
than the effect on the classes noted below: 

 Loss cost trends:   The percentage deviations noted in
the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations that might be
expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably likely range of
potential deviation. The impacts cited  
 


 
  
   
   193 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 below are only
for the years using an expected loss ratio approach. Actual loss cost trends in
the early 1990s were negative for several years whereas actual loss cost trends
exceeded the figures cited below for 1997 through 2001. Loss trends may deviate
by more than the amounts noted above and discussed below. 

 Loss development factors:   The percentage deviations
noted in the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations
that might be expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably
likely range of potential deviation. While multiple scenarios are performed,
the assumed loss development factors are a key assumption. Generally, actual
historical loss development factors are used to project future loss development.
Future loss development patterns may be different from those in the past, or
may deviate by more than the amounts noted above and discussed below. 

 AIG’s loss reserve analyses do not
generally provide a range of loss reserve estimates. A large portion of the
loss reserves from the Non-Life Insurance Companies business relates to
longer-tail casualty classes of business, such as excess casualty and D&O,
which are driven by severity rather than frequency of claims. Using the
reserving methodologies described above, our actuaries determine their
actuarial central estimates of the loss reserves and advise management on their
final recommendation for management’s best estimate of the recorded reserves.
Subject matter experts from underwriting and claims play an important part in
informing the actuarial assumptions and methods. The governance process over
the establishment of loss reserves also ensures robust considerations of the
changes in the loss trends, terms and conditions, claims handling practices,
and large loss impact when determining the methods, assumptions and the
estimations. This multi-disciplinary process engages underwriting, claims, risk
management, business unit executives and senior management and involves several
iterative levels of feedback and response during the regular reserving process.
 

 The sensitivity analysis below addresses each major class of
business for which there is a possibility of a material deviation from our
overall reserve position. The analysis uses what we believe is a reasonably
likely range of potential deviation for each class. Actual reserve development
may not be consistent with either the original or the adjusted loss trend or
loss development factor assumptions, and other assumptions made in the
reserving process may materially affect reserve development for a particular
class of business. 

 
  
   
    Class
   of Business 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss Cost Trend 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss
   Development Factor 
    
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The
  assumed loss cost trend was approximately five percent in the 2014 reserve
  review. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident
  years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
  actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve review
  for excess casualty will range from 0 percent to positive ten percent.
  The loss cost trend assumption is critical for the excess casualty class of
  business due to the long-tail nature of the claims and therefore is applied
  across many accident years. Thus, there is the potential for the reserves
  with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to
  be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were initially
  relied upon in setting the reserves. These changes in loss trends could be attributable
  to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or
  economic conditions affecting claims. 
   
  
   After
  evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years
  since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual
  loss development factors will range from approximately 2 percent below
  those actually utilized in the year-end 2014 reserve review to approximately 3 percent
  above those factors actually utilized. Excess casualty is a long-tail class
  of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be
  discernible for an extended   period of
  time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve   estimates for any accident year. Thus, there is the
  potential for the reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be
  significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were
  initially relied upon in setting the reserves. These changes in loss
  development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or
  economic conditions affecting claims. 
   
  
 
   
   D&O and
  Related Management Liability Classes of Business 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The assumed loss cost trend was approximately 2
  percent. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident
  years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of recent claims
  relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
  actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve review
  for these classes will range from approximately 29 percent lower or 27 percent
  higher than the assumption actually utilized in the year-end 2014 reserve
  review. Because the D&O class of business has exhibited highly volatile
  loss trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of
  an exceptionally high deviation. 
   
  
   The assumed loss development factors are also an
  important assumption but less critical than for excess casualty. Because these
  classes are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and
  development tail is much shorter than for excess casualty. However, the high
  severity nature of the claims does create the potential for significant
  deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. After
  evaluating the historical loss development factors for these classes of
  business for accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that actual loss development factors will range from approximately
  6 percent lower to approximately 16 percent higher than those
  factors actually indicated in the year-end 2014 loss reserve review for these
  classes. 
   
  
 
   
   Primary
  Workers’ Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The
  loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our
  loss reserves. This is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to
  use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year’s
  reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for
  primary workers’ compensation business. 
   
  
   Generally,
  our actual historical workers’ compensation loss development factors would be
  expected to provide a reasonably accurate predictor of future loss
  development. However, workers’ compensation is a long-tail class of business,
  and our business reflects a very significant volume of losses, particularly
  in recent accident years. After evaluating the actual historical loss
  development since the 1980s for this business, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that actual loss reserves will fall within the range of
  approximately 9 percent below to approximately 11 percent above
  those actually indicated in the year-end 2014 loss reserve review. 
   Based
  on our sensitivity testing, we also estimate that a 1 percent rise in the
  future rate of inflation (PCE Deflator for Health Care Services increased by
  1 percent at the 30-year time horizon, with
  increases in the forward rate of inflation assumed to occur proportionally
  over time (i.e. the zero-year/1-year forward inflation rate would change by
  1/30th of 1 percentage point)) would increase our ultimate loss cost
  estimates by approximately $210 million as of December 31, 2014. 
   In
  2014, however, we corroborated our judgments using traditional loss development
  projections with three-dimensional loss development models incorporating
  accident year, development year and calendar year trends. This allowed us to
  consider for example, the effect of changing levels of inflation
  (specifically the PCE Deflator for Health Care Services) on our ultimate loss
  costs for medical benefits. These methodologies also facilitate a more
  quantitative assessment of the uncertainty in our estimates reflecting
  structural drivers of loss along each dimension. 
   
  
 
   
   Excess Workers’
  Compensation (run-off only)  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Loss
  costs were trended at six percent per annum. After reviewing actual industry
  loss trends for the past ten years, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely
  that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve
  review for excess workers’ compensation will range five percent lower or
  higher than this estimated loss trend. However, given the small volume of
  business written in these years, the range in reserve estimates as a result
  of varying these loss cost trends is not very wide. 
   
  
   Excess
  workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a
  much greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development
  factors for the tail of the loss development. After evaluating the historical
  loss development factors for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as
  the development over the past several years of the ground up claim
  projections utilized to help select the loss development factors in the tail
  for this class of business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
  actual loss development for excess workers’ compensation could increase the
  current reserves by up to approximately $1.0 billion or decrease them by
  approximately $250 million. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   194 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   




   


 


 
  
   
   195 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following sensitivity
analysis table summarizes the effect on the loss reserve position of using
certain alternative loss cost trend (for accident years where we use expected
loss ratio methods) or loss development factor assumptions rather than the
assumptions actually used in determining our estimates in the year-end loss
reserve analyses in 2014. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Effect
  on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  on 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
 
   
   Loss cost trends: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development factors: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
     
   
  
      6 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   900 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
     
   
  
      3 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (650) 
   
  
 
   
   D&O: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   D&O: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      27 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,240 
   
  
     
   
  
      16 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
 
   
      29 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (925) 
   
  
     
   
  
        6 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
 
   
   Excess workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
      Increase (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
      Decrease  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary workers' compensation (a) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Primary workers' compensation :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      11 percent increase (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
        9 percent decrease (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
 


 (a) Loss cost
trend assumption does not have a material impact for this line of business. 

 (b) Percentages
not applicable due to extremely long-tailed nature of workers’ compensation. 

 (c) Impact was determined based on analysis of aggregate
variability of loss development assumptions. 

 Reinsurance
Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a
significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as asbestos,
due to their long-tail nature.   Reinsurance assets
include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are
subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the estimation of gross loss
reserves.     

 We assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable
balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the
reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and
credit events.  We record adjustments to reflect the results of these
assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the
carrying amount of reinsurance assets in the balance sheet. This estimate
requires significant judgment for which key considerations include: 

 •      paid and unpaid
amounts recoverable;  

 •      whether the
balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection;  

 •      whether the
reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in
receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory
restriction); and 

 •      whether
collateral and collateral arrangements exist. 

 At December 31, 2014, the allowance for estimated
unrecoverable reinsurance was $258 million.  

 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on reinsurance. 

 Future
Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life
Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Long-duration
traditional products  include whole life
insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, long-term care
insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is
life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate
annuities and structured settlements. 


 


 
  
   
   196 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 For long-duration
traditional business, a “lock-in” principle applies.  The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities
and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in
actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. The assumptions
include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment
returns. These assumptions are typically consistent with pricing inputs. The
assumptions also include margins for adverse deviation, principally for key
assumptions such as mortality and interest rates used to discount cash flows,
to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate  from
these assumptions. Establishing margins at contract inception requires
management judgment.  The extent of the margin for adverse deviation may vary
depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows, which is affected by the
volatility of the business and the extent of our experience with the product. 

 Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual
experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss
recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine
whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  If a
loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing DAC through
amortization expense, and, if DAC is depleted, record additional liabilities
through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. See Note 9 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on loss
recognition.  Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities subject
to the “lock-in” principle, small changes in certain assumptions may cause
large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. In particular, changes in
estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree of
reserve deficiency.  

 Groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with
our manner of acquiring and servicing the business and applied by product
groupings.  We perform separate loss recognition tests for traditional life
products, payout annuities, and long-term care insurance. Once loss recognition
has been recorded for a block of business, the old assumption set is replaced
and the assumption set used for the loss recognition would then be subject to
the lock-in principle.  Key judgments made in loss recognition tests include
the following: 

 •    
 To determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we
typically segregate assets that match liabilities and then project future cash
flows on those assets.  Our projections include a reasonable allowance for
investment expenses and expected credit losses over the projection horizon. A
critical assumption in the projection of expected investment income is the
assumed net rate of investment return at which excess cash flows are to be
reinvested.  For products in which asset and liability durations are matched
relatively well, this is less of a consideration since interest on excess cash
flows are not a significant component of future cash flows.  For the
reinvestment rate assumption, anticipated future changes to the yield curves
could have a large effect.  Given the interest rate environment applicable at
the date of our loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and gradual
increase in long-term interest rates over time.  

 •    
 For mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of industry
versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent of
expected mortality improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based on
a combination of historical mortality trends, advice from industry public health
and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG’s actuaries and published
industry information.   

 •    
 For surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between
expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender
rates.  To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products
relative to expected rates on competing products under different interest
scenarios.  

 •    
 For in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but
must be approved by state insurance regulators. Consequently, the extent of
rate increases that may be assumed requires judgment.  In establishing our
assumption for rate increases for long-term care insurance, we consider
historical experience as to the frequency and level of rate increases approved
by state regulators.  

 The Life
operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $87 million in 2014 and
$67 million in 2012 to increase reserves for certain discontinued long-term
care business as a result of updated assumptions. Sales of investment
securities in connection with our program to utilize capital loss carryforwards
and other investment sales with subsequent reinvestment at lower yields
triggered recording of loss recognition expense of $30 million, $1.5 billion
and $1.2 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily related to
certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the Institutional Markets and
Retirement operating segments. See Results of Operations – Life Insurance
Companies DAC and Reserves – Loss Recognition for additional discussion. 

 Significant
unrealized appreciation on investments in a prolonged low interest rate
environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit
liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other
comprehensive income (“shadow loss recognition”). These charges are included,
net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of  
 


 
  
   
   197 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 investments.  See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on shadow loss recognition. In applying
shadow loss recognition, the Company overlays unrealized gains onto loss
recognition tests without revising the underlying test.  Accordingly, there is
limited additional judgment in this process.   

 Guaranteed
Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products (Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Variable annuity products offered by our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit features.
These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that
are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living benefits that
are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified
dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB), guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), and
guaranteed minimum account value benefits (GMAV). See Note 14 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
features.  For GMDB, our most widely offered guaranteed benefit feature, the
liabilities included in Future policyholder benefits at December 31, 2014 and
2013 were $401 million and $355 million, respectively.  The fair value of GMWB
and GMAV embedded derivatives included in Policyholder contract deposits was a
net liability of $957 million at December 31, 2014 and a net asset of $37
million at December 31, 2013. 

 The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB, which are recorded in
Future policyholder benefits, represent the expected value of benefits in
excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over
the accumulation period based on total expected assessments, through Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred. The liabilities for GMWB and GMAV, which are recorded
in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives
measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities
recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses).  

 Our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the
amount by which the contract holder’s account balance is below the amount
provided by the guaranteed feature. A variable annuity contract may include
more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both
a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only receive payout from one
guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living
benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive, so the exposure to the
guaranteed amount for each feature is not additive to that of other
features.  A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on
one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased volatility and a
sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure to potential
benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in the
liabilities for those benefits. See Estimated Gross Profits for
Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance) below for sensitivity analysis
which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to
changes in the assumptions for equity market returns, volatility and mortality.
For a further discussion of the risks related to guaranteed benefit features of
variable annuities, our dynamic hedging program and risks of AIG’s unhedged exposures,
see Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Business and Operations. 

 The reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure
the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in
the following table: 

 
  
   
    Reserving
   Methodology 
    
  
      
    
  
    Assumptions
   and Accounting Judgments 
    
  
 
   
   GMDB  
   
  
 
   
   We determine the GMDB liability at each balance sheet
  date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the
  projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the
  accumulation period based on total expected fees. See Note 14 to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on how we
  reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit features.  
   
  
   Key assumptions include : 
   •    
   Interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products 
   •    
   Mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to
  allow for variations in policy form 
   •    
   Lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow
  for variations in policy form 
   •    
   Investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated model  
   •     In
  applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of the GMDB liability, we
  use a “reversion to the mean” methodology, similar
  to that applied for DAC.  For a description of this methodology, see
  Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance
  Companies) below. 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
 
   
   GMWB living benefits are embedded derivatives that are
  required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value.
  The fair value estimates of the living benefit guarantees include assumptions
  such as equity market returns, interest rates, market volatility, and
  policyholder behavior. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  for additional information on how we reserve for variable annuity products
  with guaranteed benefit features, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  for information on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives,
  including how AIG incorporates its own non-performance risk. 
   
  
   The fair value of the embedded
  derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected
  cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key assumptions include: 
   •    
   Equity market returns 
   •    
   Interest rates 
   •    
   Market volatility 
   •    
   Benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable  
   •    
   Policyholder behavior, including mortality, exercise of guarantees and
  policy lapses. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and
  based primarily on our historical experience 
   •    
   In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of GMWBs, we
  use market-consistent assumptions consistent with fair value measurement 
   •    
   Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host contract 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   198 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Estimated
Gross Profits for Investment–Oriented Products (Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are
incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or
renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the
estimated lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant
negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods.   Estimated gross profits include net investment income and
spreads, net realized investment gains and losses, fees, surrender charges,
expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In estimating future gross profits,
lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC
amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread between
investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant
judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.  

 If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and URR, are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any
resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may
result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of
amortization in other products.  

 In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity
products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 8.5% (before expenses
that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) is applied to
estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a “reversion to the
mean” methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or  
 


 
  
   
   199 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 below the long-term annual rate assumption impacts the
growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current
balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain
our long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect
of actual investment performance.  When actual performance significantly
deviates from the annual long-term growth assumption, as evidenced by growth
assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period falling below a
certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a sustained period,
judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the growth rate assumptions to be
used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as well as the
long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods.  The use of a
reversion to the mean assumption is common within the industry; however, the
parameters used in the methodology are subject to judgment and vary within the
industry. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised the growth rate
assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period for the Group
Retirement product line, because annual growth assumptions indicated for that
period had fallen below our floor of zero percent due to the favorable
performance of equity markets.  For this five-year reversion to the mean
period, the growth rate assumption was adjusted to a point between the
long-term growth rate assumption and zero percent.  This adjustment increased
Retirement pre-tax operating income by $35 million in 2013.  Had we readjusted
the growth rate assumption for the five-year reversion to the mean period to
use the long-term rate assumption of 8.5%, pre-tax income would have been
higher by approximately $30 million. Conversely, had the growth rate assumption
for the five-year reversion to the mean period been readjusted to a floor of
zero percent, pre-tax income would have been lower by approximately $30
million.  For variable annuities in our Retirement Income Solutions product
line, the assumed annual growth rate has remained above zero percent for the
five-year reversion to the mean period, so it has not met our criteria for
adjustment; however, additional favorable equity market performance in excess
of long-term assumptions could also result in “unlocking” in this product line
in future periods with a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the
unlocking. 

 The following table summarizes the sensitivity of
changes in certain assumptions in the amortization of DAC, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and URR, and the related hypothetical impact on year-end 2014
balances. The effect of changes in net investment spread primarily affects our
Fixed Annuities product line.  Changes in equity returns, volatility and
interest rates primarily impact reserves for guarantee features of variable
annuities in our Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product
lines. The effect of changes in mortality primarily impacts the universal life
insurance business. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   DAC/SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   Assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Return (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
 
   
   Volatility  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortality 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents the net impact of 1 percent increase or
decrease in long-term equity returns for GMDB and GMIB reserves and negligible
net impact of 1 percent increase or decrease in the S&P 500 index
for living benefit reserves. 

 (b) Represents the net impact of 1 percentage point
increase or decrease in implied volatility. 

 (c) Represents the net impact of 10 basis point parallel
shift in the yield curve on the reserves for GMWB and GMAV living benefit
features. Does not represent interest rate spread compression on
investment-oriented products. 

 The analysis of DAC, guaranteed benefits reserve and
unearned revenue liability is a dynamic process that considers all relevant
factors and assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above factors
individually, without the effect of  
 


 
  
   
   200 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 any correlation
among the key assumptions. An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes
in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future
results. The effects on pre-tax earnings in the sensitivity analysis table
above do not reflect the related effects from our economic hedging program,
which utilizes derivative and other financial instruments and is designed so
that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite direction of
changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded derivative liabilities. For a
further discussion on guaranteed benefit features of our variable annuities,
our dynamic hedging program and risks of AIG’s unhedged exposures, see
Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Business and Operations and Notes 5 and 14
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Impairment
Charges 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments on Available For Sale Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for
sale securities holdings with unrealized losses. 

 See the discussion in Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the methodology and
significant inputs, by security type, that we use to determine the amount of
other-than-temporary impairment on fixed maturity and equity securities. 

 Impairments
on Investments in Life Settlements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Impairments to investments in life settlements may occur in
the future due to the fact that continued payment of premiums required to
maintain policies will cause the expected lifetime undiscounted cash flows for
some policies to become negative in future reporting periods, even in the
absence of future changes to the mortality assumptions. Impairments may also
occur due to our future sale or lapse of select policies at a value that is
below carrying amount.  

 For a discussion of impairments on investments in life
settlements, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill
Impairment 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a discussion of goodwill impairment, see Note 12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. In 2014 and 2013, AIG elected to bypass the
qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore,
performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair
value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To
determine fair value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow
analysis that estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings. 
Such analysis is principally based on AIG’s business projections that
inherently include judgments regarding business trends. 

 Liability
for Legal Contingencies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We estimate and record a liability for potential losses that
may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent such losses
are probable and can be estimated. Determining a reasonable estimate of the
amount of such losses requires significant management judgment. In many cases,
it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or to
estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the matter is
close to resolution. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the
outcome of such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early stages of
litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we
often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or range of
reasonably possible losses related to such matters. 

 For more information on legal, regulatory and litigation
matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 


 


 
  
   
   201 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Fair Value Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial assets
and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the incorporation
of credit risk in fair value measurements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of fixed
maturity and equity securities by source of value determination: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   of
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on external sources (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   267 
   
  
   94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on internal sources 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity and equity
  securities (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes $27.3 billion for which the primary source
is broker quotes. 

 (b) Includes available for sale and other securities. 

 Level 3
Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for
disclosure purposes consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. See
Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

 The following table presents the amount of assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as
Level 3: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44.4 
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46.7 
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Level 3 fair
value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least one
significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to be
those for which market data is not available and that are developed using the best
information available about the assumptions that market participants would use
when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the significance of a
particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment. 

 We classify fair
value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when they
require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs. 

 See Note 5    to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for discussion of the valuation methodologies for assets
and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as a discussion of transfers of
Level 3 assets and liabilities. 



 
  




 


 
  
   
   202 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Glossary 
   
  
 


   

 Accident year  The annual calendar
accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses
are actually reported, booked or paid. 

 Accident year combined
ratio, as adjusted 
The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement
premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of
reserve discounting.  

 Accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted 
The loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Acquisition ratio  Acquisition costs
divided by net premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs
incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the
amortization of value of business acquired (VOBA) and deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC).  Acquisition costs vary with sales and include,
but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs,
certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as
underwriting, and the change in DAC.   Acquisition costs that are
incremental and directly related to successful sales efforts are deferred and
recognized over the coverage periods of related insurance contracts. 
Acquisition costs that are not incremental and directly related to successful
sales efforts are recognized as incurred.  

 Base Spread  Net investment income
excluding income from alternative investments and enhancements, less interest
credited excluding amortization of sales inducement assets. 

 BET    Binomial
Expansion Technique   A model that generates expected loss estimates for CDO
tranches and derives a credit rating for those tranches. 

 Book Value Per Common
Share Excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) (AOCI)  is a non-GAAP measure
and is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. Book
Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares outstanding.  

 Casualty insurance  Insurance that is
primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e.,
not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 

 Catastrophe losses  are generally weather
or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each. 

 Combined ratio  Sum of the loss ratio
and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 

 CSA    Credit Support
Annex   A legal document that provides for collateral postings at various
ratings and threshold levels. 

 CVA   Credit Valuation
Adjustment   The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in the DIB’s asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own credit
risk, in the fair value measurement of all net derivative liabilities positions
and
liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when appropriate.  

 DAC    Deferred Policy
Acquisition Costs   Deferred costs that are incremental and directly related
to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. 

 DAC Related to
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments   An adjustment to DAC
for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC amortization that
would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds
reinvested at current yields (also referred to as “shadow DAC”). The change in
this adjustment, net of tax, is included with the change in net unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of investments that is credited or charged directly
to Other comprehensive income (loss). 

 Expense ratio  Sum of acquisition
expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned. 

 First-Lien   Priority over all
other liens or claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage.  

 General operating
expense ratio 
General operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating
expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support
infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel
costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and
investment expenses. 

 GIC/GIA   Guaranteed
Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment Agreement   A contract whereby the
seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating
interest rate for a predetermined period of time. 


 


 
  
   
   203 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 G-SII    Global
Systemically Important Insurer   An insurer that is deemed globally
systemically important (that is, of such size, market importance and global
interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the insurer would cause
significant dislocation in the global financial system and adverse economic
consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial Stability Board, in
consultation with and based on a methodology developed by the International
Association of Insurance Supervisors. 

 IBNR    Incurred But Not
Reported   Estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to
us. 

 LAE   Loss Adjustment
Expenses  
The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion
of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs. 

 Loss Ratio  Losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. Loss adjustment
expenses are directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and
include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees, and claims
department personnel costs. 

 Loss reserve
development  
The increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses as a
result of the re-estimation of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims. 

 Loss reserves   Liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling
claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance
sheet date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 

 LTV    Loan-to-Value
Ratio   Principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of
collateral securing the loan. 

 Master netting
agreement  
An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts
with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts, as well
as cash collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the
event of default on or upon termination of any one contract. 

 Net premiums written   Represent the sales
of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a
given period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering
risk during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance
for a sales period while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a
coverage period. From the period in which the premiums are written until the
period in which they are earned, the amount is presented as Unearned premium
reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Nonbank SIFI    Nonbank Systemically
Important Financial Institutions   Financial institutions are deemed nonbank
systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial institution could
pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States) by the Financial
Stability Oversight Council based on a three-stage analytical process. 

 Noncontrolling
interest  
The portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable
to the controlling parent company. 

 Policy fees   An amount added to a
policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder
account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required
records, sending premium notices and other related expenses. 

 Pool   A reinsurance
arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are
combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool
participation percentage. Prior to January 1, 2014, AIG maintained two pools
(the admitted lines pool and the surplus lines pool. Our members in the
admitted lines pool are licensed to write standard lines of business by the
individual state departments of insurance, and the policy forms and rates are
regulated by those departments.  Our members in the surplus lines pool
provide policyholders with insurance coverage for risks which are generally not
available in the standard insurance market. Surplus lines policy forms and
rates are not regulated by the insurance departments. Effective January 1,
2014, these two pools were merged into one combined pool (the combined pool). 

 Premiums and deposits
– Institutional Markets  include direct and assumed amounts received and earned
on group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts including GICs. 

 Premiums and deposits
– Retirement  and  
– Life 
include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies, group benefit policies and deposits on life-contingent payout
annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type
annuity contracts and mutual funds. 

 Prior year development   Increase or decrease
in estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred for prior years
that is included in earnings. 

 RBC   Risk-Based Capital   A formula designed to
measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus compared to the risks
inherent in its business. 

 Reinstatement premium   Additional premiums
payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a
result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties. 


 


 
  
   
   204 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Reinsurance   The practice whereby
one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer,
agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the
liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of
insurance which it has issued. 

 Rescission   Denial of claims and
termination of coverage on loans related to fraudulent or undocumented claims,
underwriting guideline violations and other deviations from contractual terms. 

 Retained Interest  Category within AIG’s
Corporate and Other that includes the fair value gains or losses, prior to
their sale, of the AIA ordinary shares retained following the AIA Group Limited
initial public offering and the fair value gains or losses, prior to the FRBNY
liquidation of Maiden Lane III LLC assets in 2012, on the retained
interest in Maiden Lane III LLC. 

 Retroactive
Reinsurance  
See
Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance. 

 Salvage    The amount that can be
recovered by us for the sale of damaged goods for which our policyholder has
been indemnified (and to which title was transferred to us). 

 Second-lien   Subordinate in
ranking to the first-lien holder claims on a property in the event of default
on a mortgage. 

 Severe losses  Individual
non-catastrophe first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million,
net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  Severe losses include
claims related to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks. 

 SIA    Sales Inducement
Asset   Represents amounts that are credited to policyholder account
balances related to the enhanced crediting rates that a seller offers on
certain of its annuity products. 

 Solvency II   Legislation in the
European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency framework,
including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements,
risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II Directive
(2009/138/EEC), was adopted on November 25, 2009 and is expected to become
effective on January 1, 2016. 

 Subrogation   The amount of recovery
for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third
party or such party’s insurer.    

 Surrender charge   A charge levied
against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or
annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.  

 Surrender rate  represents annualized
surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average account value. 

 Unearned premium
reserve   Liabilities
established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums which are
usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is
canceled prior to expiration of the contract term. 

 VOBA    Value of Business
Acquired   Present value of projected future gross profits from in-force
policies from acquired businesses. 









 


 
  
   
   205 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Acronyms 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   A&H   Accident and Health
  Insurance 
   
  
   GMIB   Guaranteed Minimum
  Income Benefits 
    
   
  
 
   
   ABS 
   Asset-Backed
  Securities 
   
  
   GMWB   Guaranteed Minimum
  Withdrawal Benefits    
   
  
 
   
   CDO 
   Collateralized
  Debt Obligations 
   
  
   ISDA   International
  Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDS 
   Credit
  Default Swap 
   
  
   NAIC   National
  Association of Insurance Commissioners 
   
  
 
   
   CLO 
   Collateralized
  Loan Obligations 
   
  
   NM   Not Meaningful 
   
  
 
   
   CMA 
   Capital
  Maintenance Agreement 
   
  
   OTC  Over-the-Counter 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   Commercial
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
   OTTI   Other-Than-Temporary
  Impairment 
   
  
 
   
   EGPs   Estimated gross
  profits 
   
  
   RMBS   Residential
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
 
   
   FASB 
   Financial
  Accounting Standards Board 
   
  
   S&P   Standard &
  Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
   
  
 
   
   FRBNY 
   Federal
  Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   SEC   Securities and
  Exchange Commission 
   
  
 
   
   GAAP
    Accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
   
  
   URR   Unearned revenue
  reserve 
   
  
 
   
   GMAV 
   Guaranteed
  Minimum Account Value Benefits 
   
  
   VIE   Variable Interest
  Entity 
   
  
 
   
   GMDB 
   Guaranteed
  Minimum Death Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
 


    








 

 

 


 
  
   
   206 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 acronyms 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 ITEM 7A /  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 


 The information required by this item is set forth in the
Enterprise Risk Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated
herein by reference. 



 
  



 

 

 


 
  
   
   207 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7a /  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 ITEM 8 /  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 


 American
International Group, Inc.  

 Index to Financial
Statements and Schedules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   210   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at
  December 31, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
   211   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Income for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
  
   212   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
  and 2012 
   
  
   213   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
  
   214  
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
  
   215  
   
  
 


    

 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 


 
  
   
   Note 1. 
   
  
   Basis of
  Presentation 
   
  
   217 
   
  
 
   
   Note 2 . 
   
  
   Summary of
  Significant Accounting Policies 
   
  
   218 
   
  
 
   
   Note 3. 
   
  
   Segment Information 
   
  
   224 
   
  
 
   
   Note 4. 
   
  
   Held-for-Sale
  Classification, Divested Businesses and Discontinued Operations 
   
  
   228 
   
  
 
   
   Note 5. 
   
  
   Fair Value
  Measurements 
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
   Note 6. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
   249 
   
  
 
   
   Note 7. 
   
  
   Lending
  Activities 
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   Note 8. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   Note 9. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy
  Acquisition Costs 
   
  
   264 
   
  
 
   
   Note 10. 
   
  
   Variable Interest
  Entities 
   
  
   267 
   
  
 
   
   Note 11. 
   
  
   Derivatives
  and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
   270 
   
  
 
   
   Note 12. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
   Note 13 . 
   
  
   Insurance Liabilities 
   
  
   277 
   
  
 
   
   Note 14. 
   
  
   Variable
  Life and Annuity Contracts 
   
  
   280 
   
  
 
   
   Note 15. 
   
  
   Debt    
   
  
   282 
   
  
 
   
   Note 16. 
   
  
   Contingencies,
  Commitments and Guarantees 
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   Note 17 . 
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
   Note 18. 
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  Interests 
   
  
   296 
   
  
 
   
   Note 19. 
   
  
   Earnings Per Share 
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Note 20. 
   
  
   Statutory
  Financial Data and Restrictions 
   
  
   299 
   
  
 
   
   Note 21. 
   
  
   Share-based
  and Other Compensation Plans 
   
  
   301 
   
  
 
   
   Note 22. 
   
  
   Employee
  Benefits 
   
  
   305 
   
  
 
   
   Note 23. 
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
   313 
   
  
 
   
   Note 24 . 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
   Note 25. 
   
  
   Quarterly Financial
  Information (Unaudited) 
   
  
   319 
   
  
 
   
   Note 26. 
   
  
   Information
  Provided in Connection With Outstanding Debt 
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
   Note 27 
   
  
   Subsequent Events 
   
  
   328 
   
  
 


 

 Schedules: 

 


 
  
   
   Schedule I 
   
  
   Summary of Investments —
  Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2014 
   
  
   340 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule II 
   
  
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant at December 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the years
  ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule III 
   
  
   Supplementary Insurance
  Information at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   345 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule IV 
   
  
   Reinsurance at December 31,
  2014, 2013 and 2012 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   346 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule V 
   
  
   Valuation and Qualifying
  Accounts at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   347 
   
  
 


    








 
 


 
  
   
   208 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
AND SCHEDULES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the
Board of Directors and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.: 

 In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American
International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (AIG) at December 31, 2014
and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In
addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. Also in our opinion, AIG maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in the Internal Control —
Integrated Framework 2013   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). AIG’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 9A in the 2014 Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement
schedules, and on AIG’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February
20, 2015 



 
  



 
 


 
  
   
   209 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance SheetS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except for share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value
  (amortized cost: 2014 - $243,307; 2013 - $248,531) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value (See
  Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,623 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value (cost: 2014 - $1,930; 2013 - $1,726) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,656 
   
  
 
   
   Other common and preferred stock, at fair
  value (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   834 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance (portion measured at fair value: 2014 - $6; 2013 - $0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,765 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets (portion measured
  at fair value: 2014 - $9,394; 2013 - $8,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,659 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments (portion measured
  at fair value: 2014 - $1,684; 2013 - $6,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,617 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,905 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,031 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,939 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,959 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,829 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,925 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,436 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets, at fair value  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including restricted cash
  of $2,025 in 2014 and $865 in 2013 (portion measured at fair value:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 - $0; 2013 - $418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,366 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account assets, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,059 
   
  
 
   
   Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,536 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,953 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,653 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits (portion
  measured at fair value: 2014 - $1,561; 2013 - $384) 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,016 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds (portion
  measured at fair value: 2014 - $8; 2013 - $0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,083 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative liabilities, at fair value  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,511 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (portion measured at
  fair value: 2014 - $350; 2013 - $933) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,155 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (portion measured at fair
  value: 2014 - $5,466; 2013 - $6,747) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,059 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,548 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   440,218 
   
  
 
   
   Contingencies, commitments and guarantees
  (see Note 16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests (see
  Note 18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock, $2.50 par value;
  5,000,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued: 2014 - 1,906,671,492 and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 - 1,906,645,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock, at cost; 2014 -
  530,744,521; 2013 - 442,582,366 shares of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,520) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,899 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,965 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests  (including $100 associated with businesses
  held for sale in 2013) 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   210 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of INCOME 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,189 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
 
   
   Portion of other-than-temporary
  impairments on available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   fixed maturity securities recognized in
  Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (381) 
   
  
 
   
   Net other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities recognized in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (829) 
   
  
 
   
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   956 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,916 
   
  
 
   
   Total net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,504 
   
  
 
   
      Other income  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,036 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,709 
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,013 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of properties and
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,323 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before income
  tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   762 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (320) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,570) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Nonvoting, callable, junior and senior
  preferred interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   Total net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG common
  shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474,171,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687,197,038 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687,226,641 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   211 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation of
  fixed maturity securities on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         which other-than-temporary credit
  impairments were recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,880 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net derivative gains arising
  from cash flow hedging activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,096 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,796 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to noncontrolling nonvoting, callable, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         junior and senior preferred
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to other noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,531 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   212 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Equity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additional 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid-in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retained 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   holders' 
   
  
     
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (942) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,459 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,481 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   855 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,393 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,478 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,092 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Net decrease due to deconsolidation 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (174) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,924) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,669 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,090 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,219) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,520) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Net decrease due to deconsolidation 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 


 *  Excludes gains of $2 million and $222
million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, attributable to redeemable
noncontrolling interests. 

 See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 
 


 
  
   
   213 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Cash Flows 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
 
   
      (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustments to reconcile net income to
  net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and
  losses included in income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net gains on sales of securities
  available for sale and other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (764) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,219) 
   
  
 
   
         Net (gains) losses on sales of
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
 
   
         Net losses on extinguishment of
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
         Unrealized gains in earnings – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,091) 
   
  
 
   
         Equity in income from equity method
  investments, net of dividends or distributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,394) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (911) 
   
  
 
   
         Depreciation and other amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,349 
   
  
 
   
         Impairments of assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
 
   
      Changes in operating assets and
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,576) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,260) 
   
  
 
   
         Premiums and other receivables and
  payables – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,678 
   
  
 
   
         Reinsurance assets and funds held
  under reinsurance treaties 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
 
   
         Capitalization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,880) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,834) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,613) 
   
  
 
   
         Current and deferred income taxes –
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,255) 
   
  
 
   
         Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,034) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
 
   
         Total adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales or distribution of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,818 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,814 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,012 
   
  
 
   
         Divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Maturities of fixed maturity
  securities available for sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,449 
   
  
 
   
      Principal payments received on and
  sales of mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,856 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,313 
   
  
 
   
      Purchases of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45,552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,339) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53,536) 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (472) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,373) 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,078) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,242) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,402) 
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,008) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,256) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,109) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (532) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,612 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,288 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,319) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,978) 
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,612 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,101) 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of Department of the
  Treasury SPV Preferred Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,636) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,420) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,251 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,564) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   214 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary Disclosure of
  Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,856 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,037 
   
  
 
   
      Taxes 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   796 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   447 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash investing/financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  contract deposits included in financing activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,501 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of ILFC 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 









 
 


 
  
   
   215 
   
  
 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 1. BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than 100 countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional and individual
customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property‑casualty
networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of
life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock,
par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates
otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean American International
Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means
American International Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than 50 percent
ownership of voting rights of a voting interest entity), and variable interest
entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in
entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we have
significant influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in which we
have more than minor influence over operating and financial policies, are
accounted for under the equity method unless we have elected the fair value option. 

 Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
consolidated financial statements report on different annual fiscal year bases,
in most cases ending November 30. The effect on our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations of all material events occurring at these
subsidiaries between such fiscal year end and December 31st for all
periods presented in these consolidated financial statements has been recorded. 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. 

 Segment changes are discussed in Note 3 herein. 

 Presentation Changes 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Policy fees related to features accounted for as embedded
derivatives in variable annuity products, including guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits and guaranteed minimum account value benefits, are included
in the fair value measurement of embedded derivatives.  Effective December 31,
2014, we reclassified fees related to these embedded derivatives to Net
realized capital gains, with no effect to the fair value measurement of the
embedded derivatives, Income from continuing operations, Net income
attributable to AIG, or Shareholders’ equity.  Accordingly, a portion of prior
period policy fees have been reclassified to Net realized capital gains to
conform to the current period presentation.  See Note 14 herein for our
accounting policy and Note 5 for a discussion of the fair value measurement of
embedded policy derivatives, including policy on classification of fees.  

 Revisions were made to change the classification of certain
miscellaneous income from General operating and other expenses to Premiums and
of certain broker-dealer fees from General operating and other expenses to
Other income, to conform with the current period presentation, with no effect
to Income from continuing operations or Net income attributable to AIG. 

 Sale of ILFC 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent of the
common stock of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to AerCap
Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap), in
exchange for total consideration of approximately $7.6 billion, including cash
and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares (the AerCap Transaction).
The total value of the consideration was based in part on AerCap’s closing
price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014. ILFC’s results of operations are
reflected in Aircraft leasing revenue and Aircraft leasing expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Income through the date of the completion of the
sale. ILFC’s assets and liabilities were classified as held-for-sale at
December 31, 2013 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note  4  herein for further discussion. 

 
 


 
  
   
   216 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Use
of Estimates 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most
dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are considered our
critical accounting estimates and are related to the determination of: 

 •    
 classification of ILFC as held for sale and related fair value
measurement for applicable years; 

 •    
 income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability
of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 •    
 liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses; 

 •    
 reinsurance assets; 

 •    
 valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of
loss recognition; 

 •    
 valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
annuity products; 

 •    
 estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products; 

 •    
 impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available
for sale securities, impairments on investments in life settlements and
goodwill impairment; 

 •    
 liability for legal contingencies; and 

 •    
 fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities. 

 These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows could
be materially affected. 








 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table identifies our significant accounting
policies presented in other Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements,
with a reference to the Note where a detailed description can be found: 

 
  
   
   Note  4. 
   
  
   Held-for-Sale Classification,
  Divested Businesses and Discontinued Operations 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Held-for-sale classification  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Discontinued operations 
   
  
 
   
   Note 6. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Fixed maturity and equity securities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Other invested assets 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Short-term investments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Net investment income 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
 
   
   Note  7.  
   
  
   Lending Activities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Mortgage and other loans receivable –
  net of allowance 
   
  
 
   
   Note  8. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Reinsurance assets – net of allowance 
   
  
 
   
   Note  9. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy Acquisition
  Costs 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
   Note  11. 
   
  
   Derivatives and Hedge
  Accounting 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Derivative assets and liabilities, at fair value 
   
  
 
   
   Note  12. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
 
   
   Note  13. 
   
  
   Insurance Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   ·     Discounting of reserves 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Future policy benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Other policyholder funds 
   
  
 
   
   Note 14 
   
  
   Variable Life and Annuity
  Contracts 
   
  
 
   
   Note  15. 
   
  
   Debt 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Long-term debt 
   
  
 
   
   Note  16. 
   
  
   Contingencies, Commitments and
  Guarantees 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Legal contingencies 
   
  
 
   
   Note  18. 
   
  
   Noncontrolling Interests 
   
  
 
   
   Note  19. 
   
  
   Earnings Per Share 
   
  
 
   
   Note  24. 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   217 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other
significant accounting policies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums  for
short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the inception date of the
policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis over the term of the
related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are reflected as
premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the related
coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as premiums
written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the portion of
premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage. Reinsurance
premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying policies
or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern of a
reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception dates
of the underlying policies throughout the year. 

 Reinsurance premiums ceded are
recognized as a reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage
is provided in proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate. 

 Premiums for long-duration
insurance products and life contingent annuities are recognized as revenues
when due. Estimates for premiums due but not yet collected are accrued.  

 Policy
fees  represent fees recognized from
universal life and investment-type products consisting of policy charges for
the cost of insurance, policy administration charges, surrender charges and
amortization of unearned revenue reserves. 

 Aircraft
leasing revenue  from flight equipment
under operating leases, through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of ILFC, was
recognized over the life of the leases as rental payments became receivable
under the provisions of the leases or, in the case of leases with varying
payments, under the straight-line method over the noncancelable term of the
leases. In certain cases, leases provided for additional payments contingent on
usage. In those cases, rental revenue was recognized at the time such usage
occurred, net of estimated future contractual aircraft maintenance
reimbursements. Gains on sales of flight equipment were recognized when flight
equipment was sold and the risk of ownership of the equipment passed to the new
owner. 

 Other
income  includes unrealized gains and
losses on derivatives, including income from the Direct Investment book (DIB) unrealized
market valuation gains and losses associated with the Global Capital Markets
(GCM) super senior credit default swap (CDS) portfolio, advisory fee income
from the Consumer Insurance broker dealer business,  as well as legal
settlements of $804 million, $1.2 billion and $200 million from legacy crisis
and other matters in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 Other income from our Corporate and Other
category consists of the following: 

 •    
 Change in fair value relating to financial assets and liabilities for
which the fair value option has been elected. 

 •    
 Interest income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount
of expected principal and interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as
applicable. 

 •    
 Dividend income from common and preferred stock and distributions from
other investments. 

 •    
 Changes in the fair value of other securities sold but not yet
purchased, futures, hybrid financial instruments, securities purchased under
agreements to resell, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 


 


 
  
   
   218 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 •    
 Income earned on real estate based investments and related realized
gains and losses from sales, property level impairments and financing costs. 

 •    
 Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 •    
 Earnings from private equity funds and hedge fund investments accounted
for under the equity method. 

 •    
 Gains and losses recognized in earnings on derivatives for the effective
portion and their related hedged items. 

 Aircraft
leasing expenses  through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of
ILFC, consisted of ILFC interest expense, depreciation expense, impairment
charges, fair value adjustments and lease-related charges on aircraft as well
as selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses incurred by
ILFC. 

 Cash  represents cash on hand and non-interest-
bearing demand deposits. 

 Premiums and other receivables – net of allowance  include
premium balances receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and
policyholders, trade receivables for the DIB and GCM and other receivables.
Trade receivables for GCM include cash collateral posted to derivative
counterparties that is not eligible to be netted against derivative
liabilities. The allowance for doubtful accounts on premiums and other
receivables was $428 million and $554 million at December 31, 2014
and 2013, respectively. 

 Other assets  consist
of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses, deposits, other deferred charges,
real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized software costs, goodwill,
intangible assets other than goodwill, and restricted cash. 

 We offer sales inducements which include enhanced crediting
rates or bonus payments to contract holders (bonus interest) on certain annuity
and investment contract products. Sales inducements provided to the contract
holder are recognized in Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Such amounts are deferred and amortized over the life of the
contract using the same methodology and assumptions used to amortize DAC (see
Note 9 herein). To qualify for such accounting treatment, the bonus interest
must be explicitly identified in the contract at inception. We must also
demonstrate that such amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on similar
contracts without bonus interest, and are higher than the contract’s expected
ongoing crediting rates for periods after the bonus period. The deferred bonus
interest and other deferred sales inducement assets totaled $629 million
and $703 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The
amortization expense associated with these assets is reported within Interest
credited to policyholder account balances in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. Such amortization expense totaled $63 million, $102 million
and $162 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. 

 The cost of buildings and furniture and equipment is
depreciated principally on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives (maximum of 40 years for buildings and 10 years for furniture and
equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as
incurred and expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We
periodically assess the carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of determining
any asset impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent costs
directly related to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software,
are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over a period
generally not exceeding five years. Real estate, fixed assets and other
long-lived assets are assessed for impairment when impairment indicators exist. 

 Separate accounts  represent funds for which
investment income and investment gains and losses accrue directly to the
policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has specific
investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The assets of
each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims that arise
from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts are equal
to the account assets. For a more detailed discussion of separate accounts, see
Note 14 herein. 

 Other liabilities  consist of other funds on
deposit, other payables, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and
securities sold but not yet purchased. We have entered into certain insurance
and reinsurance contracts, primarily in our Non-Life Insurance Companies segment,
that do not contain sufficient insurance risk to be accounted for as insurance
or reinsurance. Accordingly, the premiums received on such contracts, after
deduction for certain related expenses, are recorded as deposits within Other
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits
are invested and generate Net investment income. As amounts are paid,
consistent with the underlying contracts, the deposit liability is reduced.
Also included in Other liabilities are trade payables for the DIB and GCM,
which include option premiums received and payables to counterparties that
relate to unrealized gains and losses on futures, forwards, and options and
balances due to  
 


 
  
   
   219 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 clearing brokers and exchanges. Trade
payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from derivative
counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against derivative assets. 

 Securities sold but not yet purchased represent sales of
securities not owned at the time of sale. The obligations arising from such
transactions are recorded on a trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair
values of securities sold but not yet purchased are based on current market
prices.   

 Foreign currency:   Financial
statement accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into
U.S. dollars. Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Functional currencies are generally the currencies of the local
operating environment. Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies
other than the functional currency of a consolidated entity are translated into
that entity’s functional currency. Income statement accounts expressed in
functional currencies are translated using average exchange rates during the
period. The adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of
foreign entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in
income. Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions
are recorded in income. 

 Accounting Standards
Adopted During 2014 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain
Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued an accounting standard that requires us to measure obligations resulting
from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the
obligation is fixed at the reporting date as the sum of (i) the amount we
agreed to pay on the basis of our arrangement among our co-obligors and (ii)
any additional amount we expect to pay on behalf of our co-obligors. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2014. The adoption of this standard had no material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Parent’s
Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of an
Investment within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In
March 2013, the FASB issued an accounting standard addressing whether
consolidation guidance or foreign currency guidance applies to the release of
the cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a parent sells all
or a part of its investment in a foreign entity or no longer holds a
controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or net assets that are a
business (other than a sale of in-substance real estate) within a foreign
entity. The standard also resolves the diversity in practice for the cumulative
translation adjustment treatment in business combinations achieved in stages
involving foreign entities. 

 Under the standard, the entire amount of the cumulative
translation adjustment associated with the foreign entity should be released
into earnings when there has been: (i) a sale of a subsidiary or group of net
assets within a foreign entity and the sale represents a complete or
substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the
subsidiary or the net assets had resided; (ii) a loss of a controlling
financial interest in an investment in a foreign entity; or (iii) a change in
accounting method from applying the equity method to an investment in a foreign
entity to consolidating the foreign entity. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2014 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

 Investment
Company Guidance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In June 2013, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
amends the criteria a company must meet to qualify as an investment company,
clarifies the measurement guidance, and requires new disclosures for investment
companies. An entity that is regulated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act)  
 


 
  
   
   220 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 qualifies as an investment company. Entities that are
not regulated under the 1940 Act must have certain fundamental characteristics
and must consider other characteristics to determine whether they qualify as
investment companies. An entity’s purpose and design must be considered when
making the assessment. 

 An entity that no longer meets the requirements to be an
investment company as a result of this standard should present the change in
its status as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the
beginning of the period of adoption. An entity that is an investment company
should apply the standard prospectively as an adjustment to opening net assets
as of the effective date. The adjustment to net assets represents both the
difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of the entity’s
investments and any amount previously recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2014 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

 Presentation
of Unrecognized Tax Benefits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In July 2013, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
requires a liability related to unrecognized tax benefits to be presented as a
reduction to the related deferred tax asset for a net operating loss
carryforward or a tax credit carryforward. When the carryforwards are not
available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable
jurisdiction or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require,
and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose,
the unrecognized tax benefit will be presented in the financial statements as a
liability and will not be combined with the related deferred tax asset. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2014 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

 Future Application of Accounting
Standards 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Reclassification
of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon
Foreclosure 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In January 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
clarifies that a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of
residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, so
that the loan is derecognized and the real estate property is recognized, when
either (i) the creditor obtains legal title to the residential real estate
property upon completion of a foreclosure or (ii) the borrower conveys all
interest in the residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy the
loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar
legal agreement.  

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2014. Early adoption is permitted. We plan
to adopt the standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2015 and do
not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Reporting
Discontinued Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In April 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the requirements for presenting a component or group of components of
an entity as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures. Under the
standard, the disposal of a component or group of components of an entity
should be reported as a discontinued operation if the disposal represents a
strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s
operations and financial results. Disposals of equity method investments, or
those reported as held-for-sale, must be presented as a discontinued operation
if they meet the new definition. The standard also requires entities to provide
disclosures about the disposal of an individually significant component of an
entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation. 

 The standard is effective prospectively for all disposals of
components (or classification of components as held-for-sale) of an entity that
occur within interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15,
2014. Early adoption is permitted, but only for disposals (or classifications of
components as held-for-sale) that have not been reported in financial
statements  
 


 
  
   
   221 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 previously issued. We plan to adopt the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2015 and do not expect
the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  

 Revenue
Recognition 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard excludes
from its scope the accounting for insurance contracts, leases, financial
instruments, and other agreements that are governed under other GAAP guidance,
but affects the revenue recognition for certain of our other activities. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and may be applied retrospectively or
through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the date of
adoption. Early adoption is not permitted. We plan to adopt the standard on its
required effective date of January 1, 2017 and are assessing the impact of the
standard on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

 Repurchase-to-Maturity
Transactions, Repurchase Financings, and Disclosures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase
financing arrangements. It also requires additional disclosures about
repurchase agreements and other similar transactions. The standard aligns the
accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase agreements
executed as a repurchase financing with the accounting for other typical
repurchase agreements such that they all will be accounted for as secured
borrowings. The standard eliminates sale accounting for repurchase-to-maturity
transactions and supersedes the standard under which a transfer of a financial
asset and a contemporaneous repurchase financing could be accounted for on a
combined basis as a forward agreement. 

 The accounting standard and new disclosure requirements for
certain transactions accounted for as sales are effective for interim and
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, while the
disclosure requirements for transactions accounted for as secured borrowings
are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014
and for interim reporting periods beginning after March 15, 2015. Early
adoption is not permitted. We plan to adopt the standard on its required
effective dates and do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

 Accounting
for Share-Based Payments with Performance Targets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
clarifies the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The standard requires that a performance target that affects vesting
and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a
performance condition. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The
standard may be applied prospectively to all awards granted or modified after
the effective date or retrospectively to all awards with performance targets
that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period
presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards
thereafter. We plan to adopt the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2016 and do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

 Measuring
the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated
Collateralized Financing Entity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
allows a reporting entity to measure the financial assets and financial
liabilities of a qualifying consolidated collateralized financing entity using
the fair value of either its financial assets or financial liabilities,
whichever is more observable. 


 


 
  
   
   222 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The standard is effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early
adoption is permitted. The standard may be applied retrospectively to all
relevant prior periods presented starting with January 1, 2010 or through a
cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the date of adoption. We
plan to adopt the standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2016
and are assessing the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows 

 Consolidation:
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In February 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they
should consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify
the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are
VIEs or voting interest entities; eliminate the presumption that a general
partner should consolidate a limited partnership; affect the consolidation
analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those
that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and provide a scope
exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in
legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with
requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The standard may be applied
retrospectively or through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the beginning of the year of adoption. We plan to adopt the standard on
its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and are assessing the impact of
the standard on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 








 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the fourth quarter of 2014, we completed our previously
announced reorganization and modified the presentation of our financial results
to reflect our new operating structure. The new operating structure includes two
reportable segments – Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance - and a
Corporate and Other category. The Corporate and Other category consists of
businesses and items not allocated to our reportable segments. 

 Prior to the fourth quarter of 2014, AIG reported its
results through two reportable segments – AIG Property Casualty and AIG Life
and Retirement. The AIG Property Casualty reportable segment had two operating
segments – Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance in addition to an AIG
Property Casualty Other category. The AIG Life and Retirement reportable segment
had two operating segments – Retail and Institutional. 

 We evaluate performance based on revenues and pre‑tax
operating income (loss).  Pre-tax operating income (loss) is derived by excluding
certain items from net income (loss) attributable to AIG.  See the table below
for the items excluded from pre-tax operating income. 

 To align our financial reporting with the manner in which
AIG’s chief operating decision makers review the businesses to assess
performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated, the Commercial
and Consumer reportable segments are presented as three operating segments for
each reportable segment as follows: 

 Commercial
Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Commercial Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments: 

 •    
 Property Casualty  – previously included as part of AIG Property
Casualty’s Commercial operating segment 

 •    
 Mortgage Guaranty  – previously reported within the Corporate and
Other Category  

 •    
 Institutional Markets  – previously reported in AIG Life and
Retirement’s Institutional operating segment 


 


 
  
   
   223 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Property Casualty products are
primarily distributed through a network of independent retail and wholesale
brokers, and through an independent agency network.  Mortgage Guaranty products
and services are provided to mortgage lenders including mortgage banks, credit
unions and finance agencies.  Institutional Markets products are marketed
primarily through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured
settlement brokers.   

 Consumer
Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Consumer Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments:  

 •    
 Retirement   – consists of the product lines Fixed Annuities,
Retirement Income Solutions, Group Retirement, and Retail Mutual Funds and
Advisory Services, previously included in AIG Life and Retirement’s Retail and
Institutional operating segments.  

 •    
 Life   – consists of businesses previously included in AIG Life and
Retirement’s Retail operating segment as well as the international life
business previously included in AIG Property Casualty’s Consumer operating
segment. 

 •    
 Personal Insurance  – consists of Personal Lines and Accident
& Health product lines previously reported as a component of AIG Property
Casualty’s Consumer operating segment. 

 Retirement and Life products are distributed through a
unified multi-channel distribution network that includes banks, broker-dealers,
independent marking organizations, financial advisors, independent insurance
agents and career agents.  Personal insurance products are distributed
primarily through agents and brokers, as well as through direct marketing and
partner organizations. 

 Investment income is allocated between the Property
Casualty and Personal Insurance operating segments based on an internal
investment income allocation model. The model estimates investable funds based
primarily on loss reserves and allocated capital. 

 The
run-off insurance businesses previously reported in AIG Property Casualty’s
Other category are now presented in Corporate and Other. 

 Corporate
and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Corporate and Other includes results from: 

 •    
 Direct Investment book 

 •    
 Global Capital Markets 

 •    
 Retained Interests, which represent the fair value gains or losses,
prior to their sale in 2012, of the AIA Group Limited (AIA) ordinary shares
retained following the AIA initial public offering; the MetLife, Inc. (MetLife)
securities that were received as consideration from the sale of American Life
Insurance Company (ALICO); and the fair value gains or losses, prior to the
FRBNY liquidation of Maiden Lane III LLC (ML III) assets, on the retained
interest in ML III 

 •    
 AIG Parent, Run-off Insurance Lines, and Other, and 

 •    
 Aircraft Leasing through May 14, 2014, the date of our sale of ILFC. 

 Certain of our management activities, such as investment
management, enterprise risk management, liquidity management and capital
management, and our balance sheet reporting, are conducted on a legal entity
basis.  We group our insurance-related legal entities into two categories:
Non-Life Insurance Companies, and Life Insurance Companies.  

 Non-Life Insurance Companies include the following major
property casualty and mortgage guaranty companies: National Union Fire
Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.(National Union); American Home Assurance Company
(American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and Marine
Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company, Ltd. (American
Home Japan); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe Limited and
United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (UGRIC). 


 


 
  
   
   224 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Life Insurance Companies include
the following major operating companies: American General Life Insurance
Company (American General Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company
(VALIC); The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S.
Life) and AIG Fuji Life Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Life). 

   

 Prior periods have been revised to conform to the current
period presentation for the above segment changes. 

 The following table presents AIG’s continuing
operations by reportable segment:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Revenues  
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,445 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,248 
   
  
 
   
       Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   592 
   
  
 
   
       Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (215) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   670 
   
  
 
   
         Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,784 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (231) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
 
   
       Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,067 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
 
   
         Total Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,966 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
 
   
       Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   474 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
 
   
       AIG Parent and Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,989) 
   
  
 
   
       Aircraft Leasing 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (716) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Total Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (466) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (356) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,574 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items from pre-tax operating
  income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes in fair values of fixed
  maturity securities designated to hedge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          living benefit liabilities, net of
  interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
       Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
  VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,282) 
   
  
 
   
       Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
 
   
       Income from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
 
   
       Legal settlements related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
 
   
       Legal reserves related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (546) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,095 
   
  
 
   
       Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   941 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
       Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,813 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
 
   
         Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,490 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   806 
   
  
 
   
       Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   455 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
         Total Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
 
   
       Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   833 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   625 
   
  
 
   
       AIG Parent and Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,396) 
   
  
 
   
       Aircraft Leasing 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Total Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (319) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (343) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (328) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,390 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items from pre-tax operating
  income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes in fair values of fixed
  maturity securities designated to hedge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          living benefit liabilities, net of
  interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
 
   
       Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
  VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,608) 
   
  
 
   
       Other income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (651) 
   
  
 
   
       Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
 
   
       Loss from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
       Legal settlements related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,152 
   
  
 
   
       Legal reserves related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,799 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,951 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
 
   
       Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
       Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   525 
   
  
 
   
         Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,740 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,215 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,801 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
 
   
       Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
 
   
         Total Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,374 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,736 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
 
   
       Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   749 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
 
   
       Retained Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,957 
   
  
 
   
       AIG Parent and Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,724) 
   
  
 
   
       Aircraft Leasing 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Total Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,005 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (589) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (535) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (297) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,938 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items from pre-tax operating
  income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes in fair values of fixed
  maturity securities designated to hedge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          living benefit liabilities, net of
  interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
       Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
  VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,213) 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 
   
       Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
 
   
       Loss from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,042 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,411) 
   
  
 
   
       Legal settlements related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
 
   
       Legal reserves related to legacy
  crisis matters 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (754) 
   
  
 
   
       Non-qualifying derivative hedging
  gains, excluding net RCG 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   225 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *  Includes Run-off Insurance Lines and Other
Businesses. 
 
 The following table presents AIG’s year-end
identifiable assets and capital expenditures by reportable segment: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Year-End Identifiable Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,299 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   370 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   301,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   287,464 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,541 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Parent and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,270 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft Leasing * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,313 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
 
   
      Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,031 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Total Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   159,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,561 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,296 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109,407) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106,434) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
 


 *    2013
includes Aircraft Leasing assets classified as assets held-for-sale on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 
 


 
  
   
   226 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents AIG’s consolidated total
revenues and real estate and other fixed assets, net of accumulated
depreciation, by major geographic area: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Other Fixed Assets,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   Total Revenues * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,886 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,498 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   521 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
 
   
   Other Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
 


 *   Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting
unit. 



 
  



 4. HELD-FOR-SALE
CLASSIFICATION, Divested Businesses AND Discontinued Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Held-For-Sale
Classification 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 We report a
business as held for sale when management has approved or received approval to
sell the business and is committed to a formal plan, the business is available
for immediate sale, the business is being actively marketed, the sale is
anticipated to occur during the next 12 months and certain other specified
criteria are met. A business classified as held for sale is recorded at the
lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. If the
carrying amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is
recognized. Depreciation and amortization expense is not recorded on assets of
a business after it is classified as held for sale. Assets and liabilities
related to a business classified as held for sale are segregated in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in the period in which the business is classified
as held for sale. 

 The
following table summarizes the components of ILFC assets and liabilities
held-for-sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
      Flight equipment primarily under
  operating leases, net of accumulated depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,508 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
      Premiums and other receivables, net of
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,066 
   
  
 
   
   Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,870 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Loss accrual 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,334) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,536 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,127 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,548 
   
  
 


 International
Lease Finance Corporation 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent
of the common stock of ILFC to AerCap Ireland Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary of AerCap, in exchange for total consideration of approximately
$7.6 billion, including cash and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common
shares, valued at approximately $4.6 billion based on AerCap’s closing price
per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014. Net cash proceeds to AIG were $2.4 billion
after the settlement of intercompany loans, and AIG recorded pre-tax and
after-tax gains of approximately $2.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively,
for the year ended December  
 


 
  
   
   227 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 31, 2014. In connection
with the AerCap Transaction, we entered into a five-year credit agreement for a
senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap Ireland Capital
Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent as lender (the Revolving Credit Facility).
The Revolving Credit Facility provides for an aggregate commitment of $1.0
billion and permits loans for general corporate purposes after the closing of
the AerCap Transaction. At December 31, 2014, no amounts were outstanding under
the Revolving Credit Facility. 

 As a result of the AerCap Transaction, we own approximately
46 percent of the outstanding common stock of AerCap. This common stock is
subject to certain restrictions as to the amount and timing of potential sales
as set forth in the Stockholders’ Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement
between AIG and AerCap. We account for our interest in AerCap using the equity
method of accounting. The difference between the carrying amount of our
investment in AerCap common stock and our share of the underlying equity in the
net assets of AerCap was approximately $1.4 billion at December 31, 2014.
Approximately $0.4 billion of this difference was allocated to the assets and
liabilities of AerCap based on their respective fair values and is being
amortized into income over the estimated lives of the related assets and
liabilities.  The remainder was allocated to goodwill.   

 ILFC’s results of operations are reflected in Aircraft
leasing revenue and Aircraft leasing expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
Income through the date of the completion of the sale. ILFC’s assets and liabilities
were classified as held-for-sale at December 31, 2013 in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

 Discontinued
Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We report the results of operations of a business as
discontinued operations if the business is classified as held for sale, the
operations and cash flows of the business have been or will be eliminated from
our ongoing operations as a result of a disposal transaction and we will not
have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the business
after the disposal transaction. The results of discontinued operations are
reported in Discontinued Operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income
for current and prior periods commencing in the period in which the business
meets the criteria of a discontinued operation, and include any gain or loss
recognized on closing or adjustment of the carrying amount to fair value less
cost to sell. 

 The results of operations for the following business is
presented as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 In
connection with the 2010 sale of American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) to
MetLife, Inc. (MetLife), we recognized the following income (loss) from
discontinued operations: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Gain on sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Income from discontinued operations,
  before income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Income from discontinued operations, net
  of income tax expense 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 









 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Fair
Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We carry certain of our financial instruments at fair value.
We define the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are
responsible for the determination of the value of the investments carried at
fair value and the supporting methodologies and assumptions. 

 The degree of judgment used in measuring the fair value of
financial instruments generally inversely correlates with the level of
observable valuation inputs. We maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs when  
 


 
  
   
   228 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. HELD-FOR-SALE
CLASSIFICATION AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 measuring
fair value. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets generally
have more pricing observability and less judgment is used in measuring fair
value. Conversely, financial instruments for which no quoted prices are
available have less observability and are measured at fair value using
valuation models or other pricing techniques that require more judgment.
Pricing observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of
financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and
not yet established, the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity
and general market conditions. 

 Fair
Value Hierarchy 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance with a
fair value hierarchy consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
valuation inputs: 

 •    
 Level 1: 
Fair value measurements based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
that we have the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market
price data generally is obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not
adjust the quoted price for such instruments. 

 •    
 Level 2:  Fair value measurements based on inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such
as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals. 

 •    
 Level 3: 
Fair value measurements based on valuation techniques that use significant
inputs that are unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be
used to determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The
circumstances for using these measurements include those in which there is
little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must
make certain assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant
would use to value that asset  or liability. In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which
the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its
entirety. 

 The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments carried at fair value. These methodologies
are applied to assets and liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it
is the observability of the inputs used that determines the appropriate level
in the fair value hierarchy for the respective asset or liability. 

 Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Incorporation
of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 •    
 Our Own Credit Risk.   Fair value measurements for certain liabilities
incorporate our own credit risk by determining the explicit cost for each
counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure to us at the balance
sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond spreads. A
derivative counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on
master netting agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all
derivative positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the
counterparty at the balance sheet date. We calculate the effect of these credit
spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that incorporate current
market interest rates. 

 •    
 Counterparty Credit Risk.   Fair value measurements for freestanding derivatives
incorporate counterparty credit by determining the explicit cost for us to
protect against our net credit exposure to each counterparty at the balance
sheet date by reference to observable counterparty CDS  spreads, when
available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable credit
spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty spreads.
Our net credit exposure to a counterparty is determined based on master netting
agreements, which take into consideration all derivative positions with the
counterparty, as well as collateral posted by the counterparty at the balance
sheet date. 

 Fair values for fixed maturity securities based on
observable market prices for identical or similar instruments implicitly
incorporate counterparty credit risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities
based on internal models incorporate counterparty  
 


 
  
   
   229 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 credit
risk by using discount rates that take into consideration cash issuance spreads
for similar instruments or other observable information. 

 The cost of credit protection is determined under a
discounted present value approach considering the market levels for single name
CDS spreads for each specific counterparty, the mid market value of the net
exposure (reflecting the amount of protection required) and the weighted
average life of the net exposure. CDS spreads are provided to us by an
independent third party. We utilize an interest rate based on the benchmark
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) curve to derive our discount rates. 

 While this approach does not explicitly consider all
potential future behavior of the derivative transactions or potential future
changes in valuation inputs, we believe this approach provides a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the assets and liabilities, including consideration
of the impact of non-performance risk. 

 Fixed
Maturity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure fixed
maturity securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from
dealer markets. 

 We employ independent third-party valuation service
providers to gather, analyze, and interpret market information to derive fair
value estimates for individual investments, based upon market-accepted
methodologies and assumptions. The methodologies used by these independent
third-party valuation service providers are reviewed and understood by
management, through periodic discussion with and information provided by the independent
third-party valuation service providers. In addition, as discussed further
below, control processes are applied to the fair values received from
independent third-party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values. 

 Valuation service providers typically obtain data about
market transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources
and, through the use of market-accepted valuation methodologies, which may
utilize matrix pricing, financial models, accompanying model inputs and various
assumptions, provide a single fair value measurement for individual securities.
The inputs used by the valuation service providers include, but are not limited
to, market prices from completed transactions for identical securities and
transactions for comparable securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield
curves, credit spreads, prepayment rates, default rates, currency rates, quoted
prices for similar securities and other market-observable information, as
applicable. If fair value is determined using financial models, these models
generally take into account, among other things, market observable information
as of the measurement date as well as the specific attributes of the security
being valued, including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry
sector, and when applicable, collateral quality and other security or issuer-specific
information. When market transactions or other market observable data is
limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in determining fair value is
greatly increased. 

 We have control processes designed to ensure that the fair
values received from independent third-party valuation service providers are
accurately recorded, that their data inputs and valuation techniques are
appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions used appear
reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We
assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers through various analytical techniques,
and have procedures to escalate related questions internally and to the independent
third-party valuation service providers for resolution. To assess the degree of
pricing consensus among various valuation service providers for specific asset
types, we conduct comparisons of prices received from available sources. We use
these comparisons to establish a hierarchy for the fair values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers to be used for particular security
classes. We also validate prices for selected securities through reviews by
members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of
those charged with executing investing transactions. 

 When our independent third-party valuation service providers
are unable to obtain sufficient market observable information upon which to
estimate the fair value for a particular security, fair value is determined
either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities to
provide a price quote, which is generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted
valuation models. Broker prices may be based on an income approach, which
converts expected future cash flows to a single present value amount, with
specific consideration of inputs relevant to particular security types. For
structured securities, such inputs may include ratings, collateral types,
geographic concentrations, underlying loan vintages, loan delinquencies and
defaults, prepayments, and weighted average coupons and maturities. When the
volume or level of market  
 


 
  
   
   230 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 activity for a security is
limited, certain inputs used to determine fair value may not be observable in
the market. Broker prices may also be based on a market approach that considers
recent transactions involving identical or similar securities. Fair values
provided by brokers are subject to similar control processes to those noted
above for fair values from independent third-party valuation service providers,
including management reviews. For those corporate debt instruments (for
example, private placements) that are not traded in active markets or that are
subject to transfer restrictions, valuations reflect illiquidity and
non-transferability, based on available market evidence. When observable price
quotations are not available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash
flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price
levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure. Fair
values determined internally are also subject to management review to ensure
that valuation models and related inputs are reasonable. 

 The methodology above is relevant for all fixed maturity
securities including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial
mortgage backed securities (CMBS), collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other
asset‑backed securities (ABS) and fixed maturity securities issued by
government sponsored entities and corporate entities. 

 Equity
Securities Traded in Active Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure equity
securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from exchange
or dealer markets. 

 Mortgage
and Other Loans Receivable 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We estimate the fair value of mortgage and other loans
receivable that are measured at fair value by using dealer quotations,
discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. The
determination of fair value considers inputs such as interest rate, maturity,
the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral, subordination, guarantees,
past-due status, yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates, market pricing
for comparable loans and other relevant factors. 

 Other
Invested Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We initially estimate the fair value of investments in
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships by
reference to the transaction price. Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair
value of these investments from net asset value information provided by the
general partner or manager of the investments, the financial statements of
which are generally audited annually. We consider observable market data and
perform certain control procedures to validate the appropriateness of using the
net asset value as a fair value measurement. The fair values of other
investments carried at fair value, such as direct private equity holdings, are
initially determined based on transaction price and are subsequently estimated
based on available evidence such as market transactions in similar instruments,
other financing transactions of the issuer and other available financial
information for the issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as
appropriate. 

 Short-term
Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For short-term investments that are measured at amortized
cost, the carrying amounts of these assets approximate fair values because of
the relatively short period of time between origination and expected
realization, and their limited exposure to credit risk.  Securities purchased
under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase agreements) are generally
treated as collateralized receivables.  We report certain receivables arising
from securities purchased under agreements to resell as Short-term investments
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these receivables are measured at fair
value, we use market-observable interest rates to determine fair value.  

 Separate Account Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Separate account assets are composed primarily of registered
and unregistered open-end mutual funds that generally trade daily and are
measured at fair value in the manner discussed above for equity securities
traded in active markets. 


 


 
  
   
   231 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Freestanding Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Derivative assets and liabilities can be exchange-traded or
traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value exchange-traded derivatives
such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets for identical
derivatives at the balance sheet date. 

 OTC derivatives are valued using market transactions and
other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based inputs to
models, model calibration to market clearing transactions, broker or dealer
quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price
transparency. When models are used, the selection of a particular model to
value an OTC derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks
inherent in the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information
in the market. We generally use similar models to value similar instruments.
Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms,
market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility,
prepayment rates and correlations of such inputs. For OTC derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, model
inputs can generally be corroborated by observable market data by correlation
or other means, and model selection does not involve significant management
judgment. 

 For certain OTC derivatives that trade in less liquid
markets, where we generally do not have corroborating market evidence to
support significant model inputs and cannot verify the model to market
transactions, the transaction price may provide the best estimate of fair
value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value such an instrument,
the model is adjusted so the model value at inception equals the transaction
price. We will update valuation inputs in these models only when corroborated
by evidence such as similar market transactions, independent third-party valuation
service providers and/or broker or dealer quotations, or other empirical market
data. When appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors such as
liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit considerations. Such adjustments are
generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence,
management’s best estimate is used. 

 Embedded
Policy Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and life
contracts contain embedded policy derivatives that we bifurcate from the host
contracts and account for separately at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings.  These embedded derivatives are classified within
Policyholder contract deposits.  We have concluded these contracts contain
(i) written option guarantees on minimum accumulation value, (ii) a
series of written options that guarantee withdrawals from the highest
anniversary value within a specific period or for life, or (iii) equity-indexed
written options that meet the criteria of derivatives that must be bifurcated. 

 The fair value of embedded policy derivatives contained in
certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and life contracts is
measured based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected
cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. These cash flow estimates
primarily include benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable, and
incorporate expectations about policyholder behavior. Estimates of future
policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical
experience. 

 With respect to embedded policy derivatives in our variable
annuity contracts, because of the dynamic and complex nature of the expected
cash flows, risk neutral valuations are used. Estimating the underlying cash
flows for these products involves judgments regarding expected market rates of
return, market volatility, correlations of market variables to funds, fund
performance, discount rates and policyholder behavior. The portion of fees
attributable to the fair value of expected benefit payments are included within
the fair value measurement of these embedded policy derivatives and related
fees are classified in net realized gain/loss as collected consistent with
other changes in the fair value of these embedded policy derivatives.  Any
additional fees not attributed to the embedded derivative are excluded from the
fair value measurement and classified in policy fees as collected.   

 With respect to embedded policy derivatives in our equity-indexed
annuity and life contracts, option pricing models are used to estimate fair
value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates,
volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and determinations on
adjusting the participation rate and the cap on equity-indexed credited rates
in light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. These
methodologies incorporate an explicit risk margin to take into consideration
market participant estimates of projected cash flows and policyholder behavior. 


 


 
  
   
   232 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 We also incorporate our own risk
of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded policy derivatives
associated with variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and life contracts.
Expected cash flows are discounted using the interest rate swap curve (swap
curve), which is commonly viewed as being consistent with the credit spreads
for highly‑rated financial institutions (S&P AA-rated or above). A
swap curve shows the fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against the floating
rate (for example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. The non-performance risk
adjustment reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying ability by
incorporating an additional spread to the swap curve used to value embedded
policy derivatives. 

 Super
Senior Credit Default Swap Portfolio 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We value CDS transactions written on the super senior risk
layers of designated pools of debt securities or loans using internal valuation
models, third-party price estimates and market indices. The principal market
was determined to be the market in which super senior CDSs of this type and
size would be transacted, or have been transacted, with the greatest volume or
level of activity. We have determined that the principal market participants,
therefore, would consist of other large financial institutions who participate
in sophisticated over-the-counter derivatives markets. The specific valuation
methodologies vary based on the nature of the referenced obligations and
availability of market prices. 

 The valuation of the super senior credit derivatives is
complex because of the limited availability of market observable information
due to the lack of trading and price transparency in certain structured finance
markets. These market conditions have increased the reliance on management
estimates and judgments in arriving at an estimate of fair value for financial
reporting purposes. Further, disparities in the valuation methodologies
employed by market participants and the varying judgments reached by such
participants when assessing volatile markets have increased the likelihood that
the various parties to these instruments may arrive at significantly different
estimates of their fair values. 

 Our valuation methodologies for the super senior CDS
portfolio have evolved over time in response to market conditions and the
availability of market observable information. We have sought to calibrate the
methodologies to available market information and to review the assumptions of
the methodologies on a regular basis. 

 Multi-sector
CDO portfolios:   We use a modified
version of the Binomial Expansion Technique (BET)  model to value our CDS
portfolio written on super senior tranches of multi-sector CDOs of ABS. The BET
model was developed in 1996 by a major rating agency to generate expected loss
estimates for CDO tranches and derive a credit rating for those tranches, and
remains widely used. 

 We have adapted the BET model to estimate the price of the
super senior risk layer or tranche of the CDO. We modified the BET model to
imply default probabilities from market prices for the underlying securities
and not from rating agency assumptions. To generate the estimate, the model
uses the price estimates for the securities comprising the portfolio of a CDO
as an input and converts those estimates to credit spreads over current LIBOR-based
interest rates. These credit spreads are used to determine implied
probabilities of default and expected losses on the underlying securities. This
data is then aggregated and used to estimate the expected cash flows of the
super senior tranche of the CDO. 

 Prices for the individual securities held by a CDO are
obtained in most cases from the CDO collateral managers, to the extent
available. CDO collateral managers provided market prices for 49 percent and
46 percent of the underlying securities used in the valuation at December 31,
2014 and 2013. When a price for an individual security is not provided by a CDO
collateral manager, we derive the price through a pricing matrix using prices
from CDO collateral managers for similar securities. Matrix pricing is a mathematical
technique used principally to value debt securities without relying exclusively
on quoted prices for the specific securities, but rather by relying on the
relationship of the security to other benchmark quoted securities.
Substantially all of the CDO collateral managers who provided prices used
dealer prices for all or part of the underlying securities, in some cases
supplemented by independent third-party valuation service providers. 

 The BET model also uses diversity scores, weighted average
lives, recovery rates and discount rates. We employ a Monte Carlo simulation to
assist in quantifying the effect on the valuation of the CDO of the unique
aspects of the CDO’s structure such as triggers that divert cash flows to the
most senior part of the capital structure. The Monte Carlo simulation is used
to determine whether an underlying security defaults in a given simulation
scenario and, if it does, the security’s implied random default time and
expected loss. This information is used to project cash flow streams and to
determine the expected losses of the portfolio. 


 


 
  
   
   233 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 In addition to calculating an
estimate of the fair value of the super senior CDO security referenced in the CDSs
using our internal model, we also consider the price estimates for the super
senior CDO securities provided by third parties, including counterparties to
these transactions, to validate the results of the model and to determine the
best available estimate of fair value. In determining the fair value of the
super senior CDO security referenced in the CDSs, we use a consistent process
that considers all available pricing data points and eliminates the use of
outlying data points. When pricing data points are within a reasonable range an
averaging technique is applied. 

 Corporate
debt/Collateralized loan obligation (CLO) portfolios:   For CDSs written on  portfolios of investment-grade
corporate debt, we use a mathematical model that produces results that are
closely aligned with prices received from third parties. This methodology uses
the current market credit spreads of the names in the portfolios along with the
base correlations implied by the current market prices of comparable tranches
of the relevant market traded credit indices as inputs. 

 We estimate the fair value of our obligations resulting from
CDSs written on CLOs to be equivalent to the par value less the current market
value of the referenced obligation. Accordingly, the value is determined by
obtaining third-party quotations on the underlying super senior tranches
referenced under the CDS contract. 

 Long-Term
Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The fair value of non-structured liabilities is generally
determined by using market prices from exchange or dealer markets, when
available, or discounting expected cash flows using the appropriate discount
rate for the applicable maturity. We determine the fair value of structured
liabilities and hybrid financial instruments (where performance is linked to
structured interest rates, inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate
derivative valuation methodology (described above) given the nature of the
embedded risk profile. In addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of
both non-structured and structured liabilities to reflect our own
creditworthiness based on the methodology described under the caption
“Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk”
above. 

 Borrowings under obligations of guaranteed investment
agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by us, are recorded at fair value using
discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts and our current market observable implicit credit
spread rates with maturities consistent with those remaining for the contracts
being valued. Obligations may be called at various times prior to maturity at
the option of the counterparty. Interest rates on these borrowings are
primarily fixed, vary by maturity and range up to 8.5 percent. 

 Other
Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Other liabilities measured at fair value include certain
securities sold under agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but
not yet purchased. Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to
repurchase are generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the
fair value of liabilities arising under these agreements by using market-observable
interest rates. This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate,
yield curves and other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.  

 Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents information about assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the
level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs
used: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (a) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   229,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,498 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   989 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,200 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,394 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign
  exchange contracts (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
 
   
         Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,221) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
 
   
      Separate
  account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255,366 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   377,739 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,561 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest
  rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,133 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign
  exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,491 
   
  
 
   
         Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
         Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,531) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,466 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,262 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,893 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,658 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   234 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   December
  31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (a) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,195 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,380 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,509 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,552 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,148 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,008 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   641 
   
  
     
   
  
   227,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,723 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,169 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,263 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,353 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,992 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,623 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,656 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   834 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,598 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty netting and cash
  collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,554) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,313 
   
  
 
   
      Separate
  account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,059 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255,967 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,726 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   373,440 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   384 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,802 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty netting and cash
  collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,218) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,511 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,747 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   891 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,451 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,575 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   235 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a)  Represents netting of derivative
exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 

 (b)  Effective April 1, 2014, we reclassified cross-currency
swaps from Interest Rate contracts to Foreign exchange contracts.  This change
was applied prospectively. 

 
 


 
  
   
   236 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Transfers
of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities
between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of
each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair
value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer
transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market.
Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when
transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active market. During the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we transferred $590 million and $944
million, respectively, of securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities
from Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer considered
actively traded. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31, 2014
and 2013, we transferred $107 million and $356 million, respectively, of
securities issued by the U.S. government and government‑sponsored
entities from Level 1 to Level 2. There were no material transfers
from Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2014 and
2013. 

 Changes
in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present changes during the years
ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 in Level 3 assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized
gains (losses) related to the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   (509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,519) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   (452) 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (949) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,615) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,263 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (218) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities, net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (370) 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   (213) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,121) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (659) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,794) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   152 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   237 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   403 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (176) 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   867 
   
  
     
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   375 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   901 
   
  
     
   
  
   (884) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,089 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   812 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,044) 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   681 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,036) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   (142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,142) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,257) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   744 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   104 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   732 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (851) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   567 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   711 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives liabilities, net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,373) 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (729) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   782 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (344) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   (370) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,974) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (489) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,121) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   856 
   
  
 


 *    Total
Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for
presentation purposes only. 

 
 


 
  
   
   238 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in
income related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported
in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,037 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   997 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   109 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,089 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,660 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   744 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   744 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the gross components of purchases, sales, issues and
settlements, net, shown above: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales,
  Issues and 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   914 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,381) 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,545 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,092 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (125) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,839) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,805) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,047) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (834) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,678 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (554) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,959) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (138) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   403 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (549) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (176) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   (266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   (188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   375 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (557) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,946 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   (865) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,369 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS  
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,325) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,044) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   727 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,608) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,036) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   882 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (809) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,813 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,041) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,444) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (738) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (729) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (472) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (489) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   239 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) There were no issuances during the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 (b) Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable. 

 Both
observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair values of
positions classified in Level 3 in the tables above. As a result, the
unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31, 2014 and 2013 may
include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable
(e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities) inputs. 

 Transfers
of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of
Level 3 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. As a result, the
Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in income or other comprehensive
income and as shown in the table above excludes $22 million of net gains 
and $15 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred
into Level 3 during 2014 and 2013, respectively, and includes $62 million
and $44 million of net gains related to assets and liabilities transferred out
of Level 3 during 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, transfers
into Level 3 assets primarily included certain investments in private
placement corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS, CDO/ABS, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers
of private placement corporate debt and certain ABS into Level 3 assets
were primarily the result of limited market pricing information that required
us to determine fair value for these securities based on inputs that are
adjusted to better reflect our own assumptions regarding the characteristics of
a specific security or associated market liquidity. The transfers of
investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due
to decreases in market transparency and liquidity for individual security
types. Certain investments in hedge funds were transferred into Level 3 due to
these investments now being carried at fair value and no longer being accounted
for using the equity method of accounting due to a change in percentage
ownership, or as a result of limited market activity due to fund-imposed
redemption restrictions. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, transfers
out of Level 3 assets primarily included CMBS, CDO/ABS, RMBS, certain
investments in municipal securities, private placement and other corporate
debt, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the  
 


 
  
   
   240 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 current
liquidity in the market. The transfers of certain hedge fund investments out of
Level 3 assets were primarily the result of easing of certain fund-imposed
redemption restrictions. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities 

 There were no significant transfers of derivative or other
liabilities into or out of Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2014
and 2013. 

 Quantitative Information
about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The table below presents information about the significant
unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for certain
Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which information about
the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (a) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average ) (a) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   3.9%
  - 4.62% (4.26%) 
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   3.46%
  - 8.75% (6.10%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,353 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate (c) 
   
  
   0.59%
  - 9.35% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity (c) 
   
  
   46.04%
  - 79.56% (62.80%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate (c) 
   
  
   3.67%
  - 9.96% (6.82%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield (c) 
   
  
   2.67%
  - 6.64% (4.65%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Certain CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,282 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate (c) 
   
  
   6.40%
  - 12.80% (9.20%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity (c) 
   
  
   42.90%
  - 60.30% (51.90%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate (c) 
   
  
   2.50%
  - 14.70% (7.80%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield (c) 
   
  
   4.70%
  - 9.70% (7.10%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,687 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 17.29% (6.06%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS - Direct 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Binomial
  Expansion 
   
  
   Recovery
  rate (b) 
   
  
   7.00%
  - 36.00% (21.00%) 
   
  
 
   
      Investment Book 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
   Technique
  (BET)  
   
  
   Diversity
  score (b) 
   
  
   5
  - 27 (12) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  average life (b) 
   
  
   0.25
  - 10.49 years (3.93 years) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  implied volatility (b) 
   
  
   6.00%
  - 39.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate (b) 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse rate (b) 
   
  
   0.20%
  - 60.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate (b) 
   
  
   0.10%
  - 35.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization
  rate (b) 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 30.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
   BET 
   
  
   Recovery
  rate (b) 
   
  
   5.00%
  - 23.00% (13.00%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Diversity
  score (b) 
   
  
   8
  - 25 (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  average life (b) 
   
  
   2.67
  - 10.49 years (4.65 years) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   241 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (a) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average ) (a) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   920 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   4.94%
  - 5.86% (5.40%) 
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 14.29% (6.64%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,419 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate (c) 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 10.35% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity (c) 
   
  
   42.60%
  - 79.07% (60.84%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate (c) 
   
  
   3.98%
  - 12.22% (8.10%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield (c) 
   
  
   2.54%
  - 7.40% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Certain CDO/ABS (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,414 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate (c) 
   
  
   5.20%
  - 10.80% (8.20%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity (c) 
   
  
   48.60%
  - 63.40% (56.40%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate (c) 
   
  
   3.20%
  - 16.20% (9.00%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield (c) 
   
  
   5.20%
  - 11.50% (9.40%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,847 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield (b) 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 14.69% (5.58%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS - Direct 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Binomial
  Expansion 
   
  
   Recovery
  rate (b) 
   
  
   6.00%
  - 63.00% (25.00%) 
   
  
 
   
      Investment Book 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
   Technique
  (BET)  
   
  
   Diversity
  score (b) 
   
  
   5
  - 35 (12) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  average life (b) 
   
  
   1.07
  - 9.47 years (4.86 years) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  implied volatility (b) 
   
  
   6.00%
  - 39.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate (b) 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse rate (b) 
   
  
   0.20%
  - 60.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate (b) 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization
  rate (b) 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 25.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   996 
   
  
   BET 
   
  
   Recovery
  rate (b) 
   
  
   5.00%
  - 34.00% (17.00%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Diversity
  score (b) 
   
  
   9
  - 32 (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  average life (b) 
   
  
   4.50
  - 9.47 years (5.63 years) 
   
  
 


 (a) The unobservable inputs and ranges
for the constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant default rate
relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that comprise the
entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization vehicles and
not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches) purchased by us.
The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to changes in the fair
values of the tranches purchased by us because there are other factors relevant
to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including, but not limited
to, purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus subordinated
position and attachment points. 

 (b) Represents discount rates, estimates and assumptions that
we believe would be used by market participants when valuing these assets and
liabilities. 

 (c)  Information received from third-party valuation service
providers. 

 The
ranges of reported inputs for Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and CMBS valued
using a discounted cash flow technique consist of plus/minus one standard
deviation in either direction from the value‑weighted average. The
preceding table does not give effect to our risk management practices that
might offset risks inherent in these investments. 


 


 
  
   
   242 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Sensitivity to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We consider unobservable inputs to be those for which
market data is not available and that are developed using the best information
available to us about the assumptions that market participants would use when
pricing the asset or liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of
the instrument being measured at fair value. The following is a general
description of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along with
interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs and
their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply. 

 Corporate
Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Corporate debt securities included in Level 3 are
primarily private placement issuances that are not traded in active markets or
that are subject to transfer restrictions. Fair value measurements consider
illiquidity and non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not
available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using
discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded
debt of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is affected by the market
movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In addition, the
migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a corresponding
effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For example, a downward
migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding U.S. Treasury rates
constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease the fair value
of corporate debt.   

 RMBS
and Certain CDO/ABS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value
measurements of RMBS and certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation
service providers are constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant
default rates (CDR), and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the
probability of default will generally be accompanied by a corresponding change
in the assumption used for the loss severity and an inverse change in the
assumption used for prepayment rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss
severity, CDR, and yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair
value measurement. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions
generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the
directional change of each input is not usually linear. 

 CMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable input used in fair value
measurements for CMBS is the yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage
pool are factored into the yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of
prepayment risk than RMBS because commercial mortgages generally contain a
penalty for prepayment. In general, increases in the yield would decrease the
fair value of CMBS. 

 CDO/ABS
– Direct Investment book 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable inputs used for certain CDO/ABS
securities valued using the BET are recovery rates, diversity score, and the
weighted average life of the portfolio. An increase in recovery rates and
diversity score will increase the fair value of the portfolio. An increase in
the weighted average life will decrease the fair value. 


 


 
  
   
   243 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Policyholder contract deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits
relate to guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) within variable annuity
products and certain enhancements to interest crediting rates based on market
indices within index annuities and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs). 
GMWB represents our largest exposure of these embedded derivatives, although
the carrying amount of the liability fluctuates based on the performance of the
equity markets and therefore, at a point in time, can be low relative to the
exposure.  The principal unobservable input used for GMWBs and embedded
derivatives in index annuities measured at fair value is equity implied
volatility. For GMWBs, other significant unobservable inputs include base and
dynamic lapse rates, mortality rates, and utilization rates. Lapse, mortality,
and utilization rates may vary significantly depending upon age groups and
duration. In general, increases in volatility and utilization rates will
increase the fair value of the liability associated with GMWB, while increases
in lapse rates and mortality rates will decrease the fair value of the
liability. Significant unobservable inputs used in valuing embedded derivatives
within GICs include long-term forward interest rates and foreign exchange
rates. Generally, the embedded derivative liability for GICs will increase as
interest rates decrease or if the U.S. dollar weakens compared to the euro. 

 Derivative
liabilities – credit contracts 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable inputs used for Derivatives
liabilities – credit contracts are recovery rates, diversity scores, and
the weighted average life of the portfolio. AIG non-performance risk is also considered
in the measurement of the liability.  

 An increase in recovery rates and diversity score will
decrease the fair value of the liability. An increase in the weighted average
life will increase the fair value measurement of the liability. 

 Investments in Certain Entities
Carried at Fair Value Using Net Asset Value per Share 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table includes information related to our
investments in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds,
hedge funds and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value
per share (or its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share as a
practical expedient to measure fair value. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Investment Category Includes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Category 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Leveraged buyout 
   
  
   Debt and/or equity investments made as
  part of a transaction in which assets of mature companies are acquired from
  the current shareholders, typically with the use of financial leverage 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,275 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   578 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real Estate /  
      Infrastructure 
   
  
   Investments in real estate properties and
  infrastructure positions, including power plants and other energy generating
  facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Venture capital 
   
  
   Early-stage, high-potential, growth
  companies expected to generate a return through an eventual realization
  event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection, or troubled  
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, mezzanine, and
  other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
 
   
   Total private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Event-driven 
   
  
   Securities of companies undergoing
  material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   976 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-short 
   
  
   Securities that the manager believes are
  undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge market risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Macro 
   
  
   Investments that take long and short
  positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of certain
  economic and capital market conditions 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection or troubled   
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Emerging markets 
   
  
   Investments in the financial markets of
  developing countries 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, relative value,
  and other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   986 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   977 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   244 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Private
equity fund investments included above are not redeemable, as distributions
from the funds will be received when underlying investments of the funds are
liquidated. Private equity funds are generally expected to have 10-year lives
at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager’s
discretion, typically in one or two-year increments. At December 31, 2014,
assuming average original expected lives of 10 years for the funds, 72 percent
of the total fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
presented above would have expected remaining lives of three years or less, 18
percent between four and six years and 10 percent between seven and
10 years. 

 The hedge fund
investments included above are generally redeemable monthly (14 percent),
quarterly (49 percent), semi-annually (15 percent) and annually (22
percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to 180 days. At
December 31, 2014, however, investments representing approximately 43 percent
of the total fair value of the hedge fund investments cannot be redeemed,
either in whole or in part, because the investments include various contractual
restrictions. The majority of these contractual restrictions, which may have
been put in place at the fund’s inception or thereafter, have pre-defined end
dates and are generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2015. The fund
investments for which redemption is restricted only in part generally relate to
certain hedge funds that hold at least one investment that the fund manager
deems to be illiquid. 

 Fair Value Option 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Under the fair value option, we may elect to measure at fair
value financial assets and financial liabilities that are not otherwise
required to be carried at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair value for
designated items are reported in earnings. We elect the fair value option for
certain hybrid securities given the complexity of bifurcating the economic
components associated with the embedded derivatives. Refer to Note 11 for
additional information related to embedded derivatives. 

 Additionally, beginning in the third quarter of 2012 we
elected the fair value option for certain alternative investments when such
investments are eligible for this election. We believe this measurement basis
is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance used by the respective
investment company funds themselves.  Refer to Note 6 herein for additional
information. 

 The following table presents the gains or losses
recorded related to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair
value option: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Gain (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
      Bond and
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  securities – ML II interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  securities – ML III interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
      Retained
  interest in AIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,069 
   
  
 
   
      Alternative
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  including Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (269) 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   (681) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
 
   
   Total gain 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,140 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,931 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   245 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 

 (b) Includes GIAs,
notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

 Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Corporate and Other
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  See
Note 6  herein for additional information
about our policies for recognition, measurement, and disclosure of interest and
dividend income and interest expense. 

 During  2014, 2013 and  2012 , we recognized losses of $32 million, $54 million
and $641 million, respectively, attributable to the observable effect of
changes in credit spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value
option was elected.  We calculate the effect of
these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that
incorporate current market interest rates, our observable credit spreads on
these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of nonperformance
such as cash collateral posted.    

 The
following table presents the difference between fair values and the aggregate
contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable and
long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,516 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.    

 There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2014 or 2013. 

 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS ON A
NON-RECURRING BASIS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We measure the fair value of
certain assets on a non-recurring basis, generally quarterly, annually or when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. These assets include cost and equity-method
investments, investments in life settlements, collateral securing foreclosed
loans and real estate and other fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible
assets. See Note 6 herein for additional information about how we test various
asset classes for impairment. 

 The following table presents assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at the time of impairment and the related
impairment charges recorded during the periods presented: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets at Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairment Charges 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Recurring Basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 2  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 3  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   790 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   471 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,559 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,570 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   246 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Information regarding the estimation of fair value for
financial instruments not carried at fair value (excluding insurance contracts
and lease contracts) is discussed below: 

 •    
 Mortgage and
other loans receivable:   Fair
values of loans on real estate and other loans receivable are estimated for
disclosure purposes using discounted cash flow calculations based on discount
rates that we believe market participants would use in determining the price
that they would pay for such assets. For certain loans, our current incremental
lending rates for similar types of loans are used as the discount rates,
because we believe this rate approximates the rates market participants would
use. The fair values of policy loans are generally estimated based on unpaid
principal amount as of each reporting date or, in some cases, based on the
present value of the loans using a discounted cash flow model. No consideration
is given to credit risk because policy loans are effectively collateralized by
the cash surrender value of the policies. 

 •    
 Other invested assets:   The majority of Other invested assets that are not
measured at fair value represent investments in life settlements. The fair
value of investments in life settlements is determined using a discounted cash
flow methodology that incorporates the best available market assumptions for longevity
as well as market yields based on reported transactions. Due to the
individual life nature of each investment in life settlements and the illiquidity
of the existing market, significant inputs to the fair value are unobservable.  

 •    
 Cash and
short-term investments:   The carrying
amounts of these assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short
period of time between origination and expected realization, and their limited
exposure to credit risk. 

 •    
 Policyholder
contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts:   Fair values for policyholder contract deposits associated
with investment-type contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated
using discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts with maturities consistent with those of the
contracts being valued. When no similar contracts are being offered, the
discount rate is the appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free
interest rate consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are
denominated.  To determine fair value, other factors include current
policyholder account values and related surrender charges and other assumptions
include expectations about policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk
margin. 

 •    
 Other
liabilities:   The majority of Other
liabilities that are financial instruments not measured at fair value represent
secured financing arrangements, including repurchase agreements.  The carrying
amounts of these liabilities approximate fair value, because the financing
arrangements are short-term and are secured by cash or other liquid collateral. 

 •    
 Long-term debt:   Fair values of these obligations were determined by
reference to quoted market prices, when available and appropriate, or
discounted cash flow calculations based upon our current market‑observable
implicit‑credit‑spread rates for similar types of borrowings with
maturities consistent with those remaining for the debt being valued. 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and
estimated fair values of our financial instruments not measured at fair value
and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated fair value
measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Estimated Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   449 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,984 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   593 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,352 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits
  associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,395 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,751 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   219 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,765 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,194 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,304 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits
  associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,093 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,869 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,946 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   247 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 







 

 6. INVESTMENTS 

 


 Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Bonds held to maturity are carried at amortized cost when we
have the ability and positive intent to hold these securities until maturity.
When we do not have the ability or positive intent to hold bonds until
maturity, these securities are classified as available for sale or are measured
at fair value at our election. None of our fixed maturity securities met the
criteria for held to maturity classification at December 31, 2014 or 2013. 

 Fixed maturity and equity securities classified as available
for sale are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses from available
for sale investments in fixed maturity and equity securities are reported as a
separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred policy
acquisition costs and deferred income taxes, in shareholders’ equity. Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from fixed maturity and equity securities measured
at fair value at our election are reflected in Net investment income (for
insurance subsidiaries) or Other income (for Corporate and Other). Investments
in fixed maturity and equity securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. 

 Premiums and discounts arising from the purchase of bonds
classified as available for sale are treated as yield adjustments over their
estimated holding periods, until maturity, or call date, if applicable. For
investments in certain RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS, (collectively, structured
securities), recognized yields are updated based on current information
regarding the timing and amount of expected undiscounted future cash flows. For
high credit quality structured securities, effective yields are recalculated
based on actual payments received and updated prepayment expectations, and the
amortized cost is adjusted to the amount that would have existed had the new
effective yield been applied since acquisition with a corresponding charge or
credit to net investment income. For structured securities that are not high
credit quality, effective yields are recalculated and adjusted prospectively
based on changes in expected undiscounted future cash flows. For purchased
credit impaired (PCI) securities, at acquisition, the difference between the
undiscounted expected future cash flows and the recorded investment in the
securities represents the initial accretable yield, which is to be accreted
into net investment income over the securities’ remaining lives on a level‑yield
basis. Subsequently, effective yields recognized on PCI securities are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in the contractual
benchmark interest rates on variable rate securities and any significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows arising due to reasons
other than interest rate changes. 

 Securities
Available for Sale 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the amortized cost or cost
and fair value of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other-Than- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost
  or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  AOCI (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   966 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,122) 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,435 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,029 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   243,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,819) 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,080 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   724 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   245,237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,873) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,080 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
     
   
  
   (446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   822 
   
  
     
   
  
   (358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,509 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   139,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,989 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,898) 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,552 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   (473) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,670 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   (142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   (907) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,857 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,531 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   258,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,916 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250,257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,687) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   261,930 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,916 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   248 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in Accumulated
other comprehensive income. Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on
impaired securities relating to changes in the value of such securities
subsequent to the impairment measurement date.   

 (b) At December
31, 2014 and 2013, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $35.1 billion and $32.6 billion,
respectively. 

 Securities Available for Sale in a
Loss Position 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross
unrealized losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Less than 12 Months 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 Months or More 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   672 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,621 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,860 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,717 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,153 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,143 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   710 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   647 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,898 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,468 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   470 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   470 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,881 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,401 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,282 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,687 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   249 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 At December 31,
2014, we held 6,394 and 118 individual fixed maturity and equity securities,
respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position, of which 2,123
individual fixed maturity securities were in a continuous unrealized loss
position for longer than 12 months. We did not recognize the unrealized losses
in earnings on these fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2014, because we
neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely
than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their
amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant declines,
we performed fundamental credit analysis on a security-by-security basis, which
included consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults on underlying
collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and forecasts and other
available market data. 

 Contractual
Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the amortized cost and
fair value of fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual
maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total Fixed Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed Maturity Securities Available  
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Available for Sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale in a Loss Position 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,821 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   620 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,873 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,529 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,889 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,338 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,442 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,607 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,641 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,735 
   
  
 


 Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

 
 


 
  
   
   250 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents the gross realized gains and
gross realized losses from sales or maturities of our available for sale
securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,778 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,764 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,293 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202 
   
  
 


 For the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the aggregate fair value of available
for sale securities sold was $25.3 billion, $35.9 billion and $40.3 billion,
which resulted in net realized capital gains of $0.7 billion, $2.5 billion and
$3.1 billion, respectively.  

 Other Securities Measured at Fair Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the fair value of other
securities measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value
option: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored
  entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,498 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,723 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, territories and
  political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,169 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,263 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,353 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS and other collateralized (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,200 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,985 
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,371 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,601 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,623 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   834 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,761 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,457 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes $0.9 billion and $1.0
billion of U.S. Government agency backed ABS at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 

 Other Invested
Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of
other invested assets: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,709 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   Investment real estate (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,113 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   763 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,601 
   
  
 
   
   Investment in AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,388 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,659 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes hedge funds, private
equity funds, affordable housing partnerships, and other investment partnerships.
 

 (b) Net of accumulated depreciation of $315 million and $513
million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 (c)  Consists primarily of investments in aircraft equipment
held in consolidated trusts.  

 
 


 
  
   
   251 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other
Invested Assets Carried at Fair Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable
housing partnerships and other investment partnerships for which we have
elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of investments of
AIG’s Corporate and Other category, for which such changes are reported in
Other income.  Other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds,
affordable housing partnerships and other investment partnerships in which our
insurance operations do not hold aggregate interests sufficient to exercise
more than minor influence over the respective partnerships are reported at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized as a component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income. These investments are subject to other-than-temporary
impairment evaluations (see discussion below on evaluating equity investments
for other-than-temporary impairment). The gross unrealized loss recorded in
Other comprehensive income on such investments was $56 million and $15 million
at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, the majority of which pertains to
investments in private equity funds and hedge funds that have been in
continuous unrealized loss positions for less than 12 months. 

 Other
Invested Assets – Equity Method Investments  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable
housing partnerships and other investment partnerships using the equity method
of accounting unless our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no
influence over partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected
the fair value option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying
amount generally is our share of the net asset value of the funds or the
partnerships, and changes in our share of the net asset values are recorded in
Net investment income with the exception of investments of AIG’s Corporate and
Other category, for which such changes are reported in Other income. In
applying the equity method of accounting, we consistently use the most recently
available financial information provided by the general partner or manager of
each of these investments, which is one to three months prior to the end of our
reporting period. The financial statements of these investees are generally
audited annually.  

 Summarized Financial Information of Equity
Method Investees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following is the aggregated summarized financial
information of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair
value option has been elected: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Operating results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,438 
   
  
 
   
      Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,515) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,183) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,255 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   207,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150,586 
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (67,346) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (25,134) 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage of equity
method investments at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except percentages) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity method investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest.  

 
 


 
  
   
   252 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other
Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Also included in Other invested assets are real estate held
for investment and aircraft asset investments held by non-Aircraft Leasing
subsidiaries. These investments are reported at cost, less depreciation and are
subject to impairment review, as discussed below. 

 Investments
in Life Settlements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investments in life settlements are accounted for under the
investment method. Under the investment method, we recognize our initial
investment in life settlements at the transaction price plus all initial direct
external costs. Continuing costs to keep the policy in force, primarily life
insurance premiums, increase the carrying amount of the investment. We
recognize income on individual investments in life settlements when the insured
dies, at an amount equal to the excess of the investment proceeds over the
carrying amount of the investment at that time. These investments are subject
to impairment review, as discussed below. 

 During
2014, 2013 and 2012, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $407 million,
$334 million and $253 million, respectively, and is included in Net
investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.   

 The following table presents further information
regarding investments in life settlements: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Number
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
   Face
  Value 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   (Death
  Benefits) 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Life Expectancy of Insureds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      0 – 1 year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      1 – 2 years 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
      2 – 3 years 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
      3 – 4 years 
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      4 – 5 years 
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
 
   
      Thereafter 
   
  
   4,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,370 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
   4,947 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,753 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,937 
   
  
 


 Remaining
life expectancy for year 0-1 references policies whose current life expectancy
is less than 12 months as of the valuation date. Remaining life expectancy
is not an indication of expected maturity. Actual maturity dates in any
category may vary significantly (either earlier or later) from the remaining
life expectancies reported above. 

 At December
31, 2014, management’s best estimate of the life insurance premiums required to
keep the investments in life settlements in force, payable in the 12 months
ending December 31, 2015 and the four succeeding years ending
December 31, 2019 are $545 million, $562 million, $584 million,
$607 million and $627 million, respectively. 

 Net Investment Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income represents income primarily from the
following sources: 

 •    
 Interest income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount
of expected principal and interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as
applicable. 

 •    
 Dividend income from common and preferred stocks and distributions from
other investments. 

 •      Realized and
unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option. 

 •    
 Earnings from alternative investments. 

 •      The difference
between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and the life
insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in income
upon the death of the insured. 


 


 
  
   
   253 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 •    
 Changes in the fair values of our interests in ML II and AIA securities
prior to sale and change in the fair value of our interests in ML III prior to
the FRBNY liquidation of ML III assets. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net investment income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities, including
  short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,044 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,592 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of ML II 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of ML III 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of AIA securities
  including realized gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,069 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
   
   Interest on mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,144 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,083 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,947 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
 


 *    Includes hedge funds, private
equity funds, affordable housing partnerships, investments in life settlements
and other investment partnerships. 

 Net Realized Capital Gains
and Losses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net realized capital gains and losses are determined by
specific identification. The net realized capital gains and losses are
generated primarily from the following sources: 

 •    
 Sales of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available for
sale equity securities and real estate. 

 •    
 Reductions to the cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity
securities, available for sale equity securities and certain other invested
assets for other-than-temporary impairments. 

 •    
 Impairments on investments in life settlements. 

 •    
 Changes in fair value of derivatives except for (1) those instruments at
AIGFP that are not intermediated on behalf of other AIG subsidiaries and
(2) those instruments that are designated as hedging instruments when the
change in the fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net realized
capital gains (losses).  

 •    
 Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net realized capital gains (losses): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,607 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   484 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative instruments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   (529) 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments of investments in life
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (971) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   254 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Change
in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Fixed maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,066) 
   
  
 
   
     Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
     Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,605) 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes net unrealized gains
attributable to businesses held for sale. 

 Evaluating Investments for
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 If we intend to sell a fixed maturity security
or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis and the fair value of the
security is below amortized cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred and the amortized cost is written down to current fair value, with a
corresponding charge to realized capital losses. When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing.  

 For fixed maturity securities for which a
credit impairment has occurred, the amortized cost is written down to the
estimated recoverable value with a corresponding charge to realized capital
losses. The estimated recoverable value is the present value of cash flows
expected to be collected, as determined by management.  The difference between
fair value and amortized cost that is not related to a credit impairment is
presented in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity
securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were recognized (a
separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income). 

 When estimating future cash flows for structured fixed
maturity securities (e.g., RMBS, CMBS, CDO, ABS) management considers historical
performance of underlying assets and available market information as well as
bond-specific structural considerations, such as credit enhancement and
priority of payment structure of the security. In addition, the process of
estimating future cash flows includes, but is not limited to, the following
critical inputs, which vary by asset class: 

 •       
 Current delinquency rates; 

 •       
 Expected default rates and the timing of such defaults; 

 •       
 Loss severity and the timing of any recovery; and 

 •       
 Expected prepayment speeds. 

 For corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed maturity
securities determined to be credit impaired, management considers the fair
value as the recoverable value when available information does not indicate
that another value is more relevant or reliable. When management identifies
information that supports a recoverable value other than the fair value, the
determination of a recoverable value considers scenarios specific to the issuer
and the security, and may be based upon estimates of outcomes of corporate restructurings,
political and macroeconomic factors, stability and financial strength of the
issuer, the value of any secondary sources of repayment and the disposition of
assets. 

 We consider severe price declines in our assessment of
potential credit impairments. We may also modify our model inputs when we
determine that price movements in certain sectors are indicative of factors not
captured by the cash flow models.  


 


 
  
   
   255 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 In periods subsequent to the
recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale
fixed maturity securities that is not foreign exchange related, we
prospectively accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized
cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining
expected holding period of the security. 

 Credit Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a rollforward of the
cumulative credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in
earnings for available for sale fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,504 
   
  
 
   
      Increases due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impairments on new
  securities subject to impairment losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
 
   
         Additional credit impairments on
  previously impaired securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
 
   
      Reductions due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities fully
  disposed for which there was no 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            prior intent or requirement to
  sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   (613) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (643) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities for
  which there is a current intent or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            anticipated requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
         Accretion on securities previously
  impaired due to credit * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (774) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (915) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,164 
   
  
 


 *    Represents both accretion
recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected over the
remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the accretion due
to the passage of time. 

 Equity
Securities 

 We evaluate our available for sale equity securities for
impairment by considering such securities as candidates for
other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any of the following criteria: 

 •    
 The security has traded at a significant (25 percent or more)
discount to cost for an extended period of time (nine consecutive months or
longer); 

 •    
 A discrete credit event has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer
defaulting on a material outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking
protection from creditors under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws
intended for court-supervised reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or
(iii) the issuer proposing a voluntary reorganization pursuant to which
creditors are asked to exchange their claims for cash or securities having a
fair value substantially lower than the par value of their claims; or 

 •    
 We have concluded that we may not realize a full recovery on our
investment, regardless of the occurrence of one of the foregoing events. 

 The determination that an equity security is
other-than-temporarily impaired requires the judgment of management and
consideration of the fundamental condition of the issuer, its near-term
prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In addition to the
above criteria, all equity securities that have been in a continuous decline in
value below cost over twelve months are impaired. We also consider
circumstances of a rapid and severe market valuation decline (50 percent or
more) discount to cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that the
impairment period would be temporary (severity losses). 

 Other Invested Assets 

 Our equity and cost method investments in
private equity funds, hedge funds and other entities are evaluated for
impairment similar to the evaluation of equity securities for impairments as
discussed above. Such evaluation considers market conditions, events and
volatility that may impact the recoverability of the underlying investments
within these private equity funds and hedge funds and is based on the nature of
the underlying investments and specific inherent risks. Such risks may evolve
based on the nature of the underlying investments. 


 


 
  
   
   256 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Our investments in life
settlements are monitored for impairment on a contract-by-contract basis
quarterly. An investment in life settlements is considered impaired if the
undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected proceeds from the
investment in life settlements would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount of the investment in life settlements, which is the
current carrying amount for the investment in life settlements plus anticipated
undiscounted future premiums and other capitalizable future costs, if any. 
Impaired investments in life settlements are written down to their estimated fair
value which is determined on a discounted cash flow basis, incorporating
current market longevity assumptions and market yields.  

 In general, fair value estimates for the investments in
life settlements are calculated using cash flows based on medical underwriting
ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter, applied to an industry
mortality table. Our mortality assumptions are based on an industry table as
supplemented with proprietary data on the older age mortality of U.S. insured
lives. Mortality improvement factors are applied to these assumptions based on
our view of future mortality improvements likely to apply to the U.S. insured
lives population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with the mortality
improvement rates are used in our estimate of future net cash flows from the   investments in life settlements.  

 Our investments in aircraft assets and real estate are
periodically evaluated for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may be impaired. When impairment
indicators are present, we compare expected investment cash flows to carrying
amount. When the expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the
investments are written down to fair value with a corresponding charge to earnings. 

 Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI)
Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We purchase certain
RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit quality since
their issuance. We determine, based on our expectations as to the timing and
amount of cash flows expected to be received, whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest after considering
the effects of prepayments. At acquisition, the timing and amount of the
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be received on each PCI security is
determined based on our best estimate using key assumptions, such as interest rates,
default rates and prepayment speeds. At acquisition, the difference between the
undiscounted expected future cash flows of the PCI securities and the recorded
investment in the securities represents the initial accretable yield, which is
accreted into Net investment income over their remaining lives on a level-yield
basis. Additionally, the difference between the contractually required payments
on the PCI securities and the undiscounted expected future cash flows
represents the non-accretable difference at acquisition. The accretable yield
and the non-accretable difference will change over time, based on actual
payments received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected future cash
flows, which are discussed further below.  

 On a quarterly basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows
associated with PCI securities are re-evaluated based on updates to key
assumptions. Declines in undiscounted expected future cash flows due to further
credit deterioration as well as changes in the expected timing of the cash
flows can result in the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment
charge, as PCI securities are subject to our policy for evaluating investments
for other-than-temporary impairment. Changes to undiscounted expected future
cash flows due solely to the changes in the contractual benchmark interest
rates on variable rate PCI securities will change the accretable yield
prospectively. Significant increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows
for reasons other than interest rate changes are recognized prospectively as
adjustments to the accretable yield.  

 The following tables present information on our PCI
securities, which are included in bonds available for sale: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   At
  Date of Acquisition 
   
  
 
   
   Contractually required payments
  (principal and interest) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,520 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows expected to be collected * 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,561 
   
  
 
   
   Recorded investment in acquired
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,311 
   
  
 


 *    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding principal balance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,741 
   
  
 
   
   Amortized cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,110 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,338 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   257 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents activity for the accretable
yield on PCI securities:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,940 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
      Newly purchased PCI securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,773 
   
  
 
   
      Disposals 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
 
   
      Accretion 
   
  
     
   
  
   (880) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (719) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of changes in interest rate
  indices 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
      Net reclassification from
  non-accretable difference, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         including effects of prepayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,940 
   
  
 


 Pledged Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Secured
Financing and Similar Arrangements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain
securities are sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in
which we transfer securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to
repurchase the same or substantially similar securities. In the majority of
these repurchase agreements, the securities transferred by us may be sold or
repledged by the counterparties. Repurchase agreements entered into by the DIB
are carried at fair value based on market-observable interest rates. All other
repurchase agreements are recorded at their contracted repurchase amounts plus
accrued interest. 

 At December 31, 2013, our secured financing transactions
also included those that involve the transfer of securities to financial
institutions in exchange for cash or other liquid collateral. Securities
transferred by us under these financing transactions may be sold or repledged
by the counterparties. As collateral for the securities transferred by us,
counterparties transfer assets to us, such as cash or high quality fixed
maturity securities. Collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally
maintained at an agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the transferred
securities during the life of the transactions. When we receive fixed maturity
securities as collateral, we do not have the right to sell or repledge this
collateral unless an event of default occurs by the counterparties. At the
termination of the transactions, we and our counterparties are obligated to
return the collateral provided and the securities transferred, respectively.  

 The following table presents the fair value of securities
pledged to counterparties under secured financing transactions:   

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Securities available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,837 
   
  
 
   
   Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,122 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,766 
   
  
 


 We also
enter into agreements in which securities are purchased by us under agreements
to resell (reverse repurchase agreements), which are accounted for as secured
financing transactions and reported as Short-term investments or Other assets,
depending on their terms. These agreements  are
recorded at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than
those that are accounted for at fair value. Such agreements entered into by the
DIB are carried at fair value based on market observable interest rates.  In all reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession
of or obtain a security interest in the related securities, and we have the
right to sell or repledge this collateral received. 

 The following table presents information on the fair value of securities
pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Securities collateral pledged to us 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,506 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,878 
   
  
 
   
   Amount repledged by us 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   258 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Insurance
– Statutory and Other Deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Total carrying amounts of cash and securities deposited by our
insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities or other
insurance-related arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations
and certain reinsurance agreements, were $5.9 billion and $6.7 billion at December
31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 Other
Pledges 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan
Banks (FHLBs) and such membership requires the members to own stock in these
FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of $44 million and $57 million of stock in FHLBs
at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. To the extent an AIG subsidiary
borrows from the FHLB, its ownership interest in the stock of FHLBs will be
pledged to the FHLB. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged securities
available for sale with a fair value of $535 million and $80 million at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, associated with advances from the
FHLBs. 

 Certain GIAs have provisions that require collateral to be
posted or payments to be made by us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt
ratings. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to the
counterparties in the event of such downgrades, and the aggregate amount of
payments that we could be required to make, depend on market conditions, the
fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at
and after the time of the downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as
collateral with respect to these obligations approximated $3.5 billion and $4.2
billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This collateral primarily
consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities
and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 








 7. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Mortgage and other loans receivable include commercial
mortgages, life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and
notes receivable. Commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans and
notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less credit
allowances and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or amortization of
discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued as earned. 

 Direct costs of originating
commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans and notes receivable,
net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and included in the carrying
amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred is amortized to income
as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method. 

 Life insurance policy loans are carried at unpaid principal
amount. There is no allowance for policy loans because these loans serve to
reduce the death benefit paid when the death claim is made and the balances are
effectively collateralized by the cash surrender value of the policy. 

 The
following table presents the composition of Mortgages and other loans
receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial mortgages * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,195 
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance policy loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,830 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial loans, other loans and notes
  receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,052 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,077 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,765 
   
  
 


 *    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for apartments, offices, retail and
industrial properties, with exposures in California and New York representing
the largest geographic concentrations (14 percent and 18 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2014 and 18 percent and 17 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2013).  

 The
following table presents the credit quality indicators for commercial mortgage
loans :  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total (c) 
   
  
   Total
  $ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,452 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,636 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,607 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,794 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   354 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   995 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,607 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,195 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   109 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   259 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Loans that have been modified in
troubled debt restructurings and are performing according to their restructured
terms. See discussion of troubled debt restructurings below. 

 (b) Does not reflect allowance for losses. 

 (c)  Over 99 percent of the commercial mortgages held at such
respective dates were current as to payments of principal and interest.  

 Methodology Used to
Estimate the Allowance for Losses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Mortgage and other loans receivable are considered impaired
when collection of all amounts due under contractual terms is not probable. Impairment
is measured using either i) the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, ii) the loan’s observable
market price, if available, or iii) the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent.  Impairment of commercial mortgages is typically
determined using the fair value of collateral while impairment of other loans
is typically determined using the present value of cash flows or the loan’s
observable market price.  An allowance is typically established for the
difference between the impaired value of the loan and its current carrying
amount. Additional allowance amounts are established for incurred but not
specifically identified impairments, based on the analysis of internal risk
ratings and current loan values. Internal risk ratings are assigned based on
the consideration of risk factors including past due status, debt service
coverage, loan-to-value ratio, property occupancy, profile of the borrower and
of the major property tenants, economic trends in the market where the property
is located, and condition of the property. These factors and the resulting risk
ratings also provide a basis for determining the level of monitoring performed
at both the individual loan and the portfolio level. When all or a portion of a
loan is deemed uncollectible, the uncollectible portion of the carrying amount
of the loan is charged off against the allowance. Interest income on impaired
loans is recognized as cash is received.  For impaired loans where it has been
determined that not all of the contractual principal due will be collected, any
cash received is recorded as a reduction of the current carrying amount of the
loan.  

 A significant majority of commercial mortgage loans in the
portfolio are non-recourse loans and, accordingly, the only guarantees are for
specific items that are exceptions to the non-recourse provisions. It is
therefore extremely rare for us to have cause to enforce the provisions of a
guarantee on a commercial real estate or mortgage loan. 

 The
following table presents a rollforward of the changes in the allowance for
losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   305 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   740 
   
  
 
   
      Loans charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
 
   
      Recoveries of loans previously 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
         Net charge-offs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
      Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (205) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (205) 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    159  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    201
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    159
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   260 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 7. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *    Of the total allowance at the end
of the year, $55 million and $93 million relates to individually
assessed credit losses on $192 million and $264 million of commercial
mortgage loans as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 Troubled Debt
Restructurings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We modify loans to optimize their returns and improve their
collectability, among other things. When we undertake such a modification with
a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification
involves us granting a concession to the troubled debtor, the modification is a
troubled debt restructuring (TDR). We assess whether a borrower is experiencing
financial difficulty based on a variety of factors, including the borrower’s
current default on any of its outstanding debt, the probability of a default on
any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification, the
insufficiency of the borrower’s forecasted cash flows to service any of its
outstanding debt (including both principal and interest), and the borrower’s
inability to access alternative third-party financing at an interest rate that
would be reflective of current market conditions for a non-troubled debtor.
Concessions granted may include extended maturity dates, interest rate changes,
principal or interest forgiveness, payment deferrals and easing of loan
covenants. 

 During 2014 and 2013, loans with a carrying value of $218
million and $91 million were modified in TDRs, respectively. 








 8. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the ordinary course of business, our insurance companies
may use both treaty and facultative reinsurance to minimize their net loss
exposure to any single catastrophic loss event or to an accumulation of losses
from a number of smaller events or to provide greater diversification of our
businesses. In addition, our general insurance subsidiaries assume reinsurance
from other insurance companies. We determine the portion of the incurred but
not reported (IBNR) loss that will be recoverable under our reinsurance
contracts by reference to the terms of the reinsurance protection purchased.
This determination is necessarily based on the estimate of IBNR and
accordingly, is subject to the same uncertainties as the estimate of IBNR.
Reinsurance assets include the balances due from reinsurance and insurance
companies under the terms of our reinsurance agreements for paid and unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, ceded unearned premiums and ceded
future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts and
benefits paid and unpaid. Amounts related to paid and unpaid losses and
benefits and loss expenses with respect to these reinsurance agreements are
substantially collateralized. We remain liable to the extent that our
reinsurers do not meet their obligation under the reinsurance contracts, and as
such, we regularly evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers and
monitor concentration of our credit risk. The estimation of the allowance for doubtful
accounts requires judgment for which key inputs typically include historical
trends regarding uncollectible balances, disputes and credit events as well as
specific reviews of balances in dispute or subject to credit impairment. The
allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets was $258 million and
$276 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Changes in
the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets are reflected in
Policyholder benefits and losses incurred within the Consolidated Statements of
Income. 

 The
following table provides supplemental information for loss and benefit
reserves, gross and net of ceded reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   At December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (77,260) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (61,612) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (81,547) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (64,316) 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,749) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,767) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40,653) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39,619) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve for unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,278) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,953) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,532) 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,676 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   261 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 7. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) In 2014
and 2013, the Net of Reinsurance amount reflects the cession under the June 17,
2011 transaction with National Indemnity Company (NICO) of $1.5 billion and $1.6
billion, respectively. 

 (b) Represents gross reinsurance assets, excluding allowances
and reinsurance recoverable on paid losses. 

 Short-Duration Reinsurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Short-duration reinsurance is affected under reinsurance
treaties and by negotiation on individual risks. Certain of these reinsurance
arrangements consist of excess of loss contracts that protect us against losses
above stipulated amounts. Ceded premiums are considered prepaid reinsurance
premiums and are recognized as a reduction of premiums earned over the contract
period in proportion to the protection received. Amounts recoverable from
reinsurers on short-duration contracts are estimated in a manner consistent
with the claims liabilities associated with the reinsurance and presented as a
component of Reinsurance assets. Assumed reinsurance premiums are earned
primarily on a pro-rata basis over the terms of the reinsurance contracts and
the portion of premiums relating to the unexpired terms of coverage is included
in the reserve for unearned premiums. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance,
risk transfer requirements must be met for reinsurance accounting to apply. If
risk transfer requirements are not met, the contract is accounted for as a
deposit, resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through
a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. To meet risk
transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk,
consisting of both underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility
of a significant loss for the assuming entity. Similar risk transfer criteria are
used to determine whether directly written insurance contracts should be
accounted for as insurance or as a deposit. 

 The following table presents short-duration insurance
premiums written and earned: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums written: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,833 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,647 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,900 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,514) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,054) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,625 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,493 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums earned: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,018 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,028 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,133 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,375) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,949 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,786 
   
  
 


 For the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, reinsurance recoveries, which
reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to $2.6 billion,
$3.3 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. 

 Long-Duration Reinsurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Long-duration reinsurance is effected principally under
yearly renewable term treaties. The premiums with respect to these treaties are
earned over the contract period in proportion to the protection provided.
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on long-duration contracts are estimated in
a manner consistent with the assumptions used for the underlying policy
benefits and are presented as a component of Reinsurance assets. 

 The following table presents premiums for our
long-duration insurance and retirement services operations:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Gross premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,974 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,535 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,393 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   262 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 8. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Long-duration reinsurance recoveries, which reduced
Policyholder benefits and losses incurred, were approximately $731 million,
$714 million and $758 million, respectively, for the years ended December
31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.  

 The
following table presents long-duration insurance in-force ceded to other
insurance companies: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 * 
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force ceded 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129,159 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes amounts related to
held-for-sale entities.  

 Long-duration
insurance in force assumed represented 0.04 percent of
gross long-duration insurance in force at December 31, 2014, 0.05 percent
at December 31, 2013 and 0.05 percent at December 31, 2012, and premiums
assumed by the Life Insurance Companies represented 0.5 percent, 0.3 percent
and 0.4 percent of gross premiums for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 The domestic Life Insurance Companies utilize internal and
third-party reinsurance relationships to manage insurance risks and to
facilitate capital management strategies, which allows them to minimize the use
of letters of credit and utilize capital more efficiently. Pools of
highly-rated third-party reinsurers are utilized to manage net amounts at risk
in excess of retention limits. 

 The domestic Life Insurance Companies manage the capital
impact on their statutory reserve requirements under the NAIC Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) and NAIC Actuarial
Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) through intercompany reinsurance transactions. 
Under GAAP, these intercompany reinsurance transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.  Under one arrangement, one of the domestic Life Insurance Companies
obtains letters of credit to support statutory recognition of the ceded
reinsurance.  As of December 31, 2014, the domestic Life Insurance Companies
had two bilateral letters of credit totaling $450 million with AIG entities,
which were issued on February 7, 2014 and expire on February 7, 2019, but will
be automatically extended without amendment by one year on each anniversary of
the issuance date, unless the issuer provides notice of non-renewal. See Note 20
for additional information on the use of affiliated reinsurance for Regulation
XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves. 

 Reinsurance Security 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our third-party reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us
from our direct obligations to our beneficiaries. Thus, a credit exposure
exists with respect to both short-duration and long-duration reinsurance ceded
to the extent that any reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed under
any reinsurance agreement. We hold substantial collateral as security under
related reinsurance agreements in the form of funds, securities, and/or letters
of credit. A provision has been recorded for estimated unrecoverable
reinsurance.  We believe
that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate concentration
of credit risk to AIG.  Gross reinsurance assets with our three largest
reinsurers aggregate to approximately $6.2 billion and $6.0 billion at December
31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of which approximately $3.3 billion was not
secured by collateral in both years. 








 9. DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) represent those costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts.  We defer incremental costs that result directly from, and are
essential to, the acquisition or renewal of an insurance contract.  Such
deferred policy acquisition costs generally include agent or broker commissions
and bonuses, premium taxes, and medical and inspection fees that would not have
been incurred if the insurance contract had not been acquired or renewed. Each
cost is analyzed to assess whether it is fully deferrable.  We partially defer
costs, including certain commissions, when we do not believe that the entire
cost is directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. 

 We also defer a portion of employee total compensation and
payroll-related fringe benefits directly related to time spent performing
specific acquisition or renewal activities, including costs associated with the
time spent on underwriting, policy  
 


 
  
   
   263 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 8. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 issuance and
processing, and sales force contract selling. The amounts deferred are derived
based on successful efforts for each distribution channel and/or cost center
from which the cost originates. 

 Short-duration
insurance contracts:   Policy acquisition costs are deferred and
amortized over the period in which the related premiums written are earned,
generally 12 months. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the
insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and
is reviewed for recoverability based on the profitability of the underlying
insurance contracts. Investment income is anticipated in assessing the
recoverability of DAC. We assess the recoverability of DAC on an annual basis
or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred.
This assessment is performed by comparing recorded net unearned premiums and
anticipated investment income on in-force business to the sum of expected
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, unamortized DAC and maintenance
costs. If the sum of these costs exceeds the amount of recorded net unearned
premiums and anticipated investment income, the excess is recognized as an
offset against the asset established for DAC. This offset is referred to as a
premium deficiency charge. Increases in expected losses and loss adjustment
expenses incurred can have a significant impact on the likelihood and amount of
a premium deficiency charge. 

 Long-duration
insurance contracts:     Policy
acquisition costs for participating life, traditional life and accident and health
insurance products are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, over
the premium paying period. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit
liabilities and DAC for these traditional products are set when a policy is
issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss
recognition event occurs. These “locked-in” assumptions include mortality,
morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, and
include margins for adverse deviation to reflect uncertainty given that actual
experience might deviate from these assumptions.  A loss recognition event
occurs when there is a shortfall between the carrying amounts of future policy
benefit liabilities net of DAC and the amount the future policy benefit
liabilities net of DAC would be when applying updated current assumptions. 
When we determine a loss recognition event has occurred, we first reduce any
DAC related to that block of business through amortization of acquisition
expense, and after DAC is depleted, we record additional liabilities through a
charge to Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  Groupings for loss
recognition testing are consistent with our manner of acquiring and servicing
the business and applied by product groupings.  We perform separate loss
recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities and long-term
care products.  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of
business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for
the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 

 Investment-oriented
contracts:   Policy acquisition
costs and policy issuance costs related to universal life and investment-type
products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are deferred and amortized,
with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be
realized over the estimated lives of the contracts. Estimated gross profits include
net investment income and spreads, net realized investment gains and losses,
fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In each
reporting period, current period amortization expense is adjusted to reflect
actual gross profits. If estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC is
recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is
included in income. If the new assumptions indicate that future estimated gross
profits are higher than previously estimated, DAC will be increased resulting
in a decrease in amortization expense and increase in income in the current
period; if future estimated gross profits are lower than previously estimated,
DAC will be decreased resulting in an increase in amortization expense and
decrease in income in the current period. Updating such assumptions may result
in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of
amortization in other products. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in
which the insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for
profitability and is reviewed for recoverability based on the current and
projected future profitability of the underlying insurance contracts. 

 To estimate future estimated gross profits for variable
annuity products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption is applied to
determine the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a “reversion to the
mean” methodology whereby short-term asset growth above or below long-term
annual rate assumptions impact the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions in the five-year reversion to the
mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap)
for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.   


 


 
  
   
   264 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 9. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Shadow
DAC and Shadow Loss Recognition:   DAC related to investment-oriented
products is also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses
on fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale on estimated gross
profits, with related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income
(shadow DAC). The adjustment is made at each balance sheet date, as if the
securities had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds
reinvested at current yields.  Similarly, for long-duration traditional
insurance contracts, if the assets supporting the liabilities maintain a
temporary net unrealized gain position at the balance sheet date, loss
recognition testing assumptions are updated to exclude such gains from future
cash flows by reflecting the impact of reinvestment rates on future yields.  If
a future loss is anticipated under this basis, any additional shortfall
indicated by loss recognition tests is recognized as a reduction in accumulated
other comprehensive income (shadow loss recognition).  Similar to other loss
recognition on long-duration insurance contracts, such shortfall is first
reflected as a reduction in DAC and secondly as an increase in liabilities for
future policy benefits.  The change in these adjustments, net of tax, is
included with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments that is
credited or charged directly to Other comprehensive income. 

 Internal Replacements of Long-duration
and Investment-oriented Products:   For some products,
policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights or
coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by amendment,
endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature or
coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal
replacements.   If the modification does not substantially change the
contract, we do not change the accounting and amortization of existing DAC and
related actuarial balances.  If an internal replacement represents a
substantial change, the original contract is considered to be extinguished and
any related DAC or other policy balances are charged or credited to income, and
any new deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. 

 Value of Business Acquired (VOBA) is determined at the time
of acquisition and is reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with DAC.
This value is based on the present value of future pre-tax profits discounted
at yields applicable at the time of purchase. For participating life,
traditional life and accident and health insurance products, VOBA is amortized
over the life of the business in a manner similar to that for DAC based on the
assumptions at purchase. For investment-oriented products, VOBA is amortized in
relation to estimated gross profits and adjusted for the effect of unrealized
gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale in a
manner similar to DAC. 

 The
following table presents a rollforward of DAC and VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,306 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,834 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,599) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,764) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
      Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,342 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,607 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (727) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (674) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (945) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net unrealized gains
  (losses) on securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   (621) 
   
  
 
   
      Decrease due to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation and eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred policy acquisition costs * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,182 
   
  
 
   
   Supplemental Information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      VOBA amortization expense included in
  Life Insurance Companies DAC amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
      VOBA, end of year included in Life
  Insurance Companies DAC balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
 


 *    Net of
reductions in DAC of $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion, and $1.8 billion for Life
Insurance Companies at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related
to the effect of net unrealized gains and losses on available for sale
securities (shadow DAC). 

 The
percentage of the unamortized balance of VOBA at December 31, 2014 expected to
be amortized in 2015 through 2019 by year is: 10.1 percent, 8.9 percent,
7.9 percent, 7.2 percent and 6.7 percent, respectively, with 59.2 percent
being amortized  
 


 
  
   
   265 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 9. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 after five years. These projections
are based on current estimates for investment income and spreads, persistency,
mortality and morbidity assumptions. 

 DAC, VOBA and
SIA for insurance‑oriented and investment‑oriented products are
reviewed for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability
of current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If
actual future profitability is substantially lower than estimated, AIG’s DAC,
VOBA and SIA may be subject to an impairment charge and AIG’s results of
operations could be significantly affected in future periods. 



 
  



 10. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A variable interest entity (VIE) is a legal entity that does
not have sufficient equity at risk to finance its activities without additional
subordinated financial support or is structured such that equity investors lack
the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations
through voting rights or do not substantively participate in the gains and
losses of the entity. Consolidation of a VIE by its primary beneficiary is not
based on majority voting interest, but is based on other criteria discussed
below. 

 We enter into various arrangements with VIEs in the normal
course of business and consolidate the VIEs when we determine we are the
primary beneficiary. This analysis includes a review of the VIE’s capital
structure, related contractual relationships and terms, nature of the VIE’s
operations and purpose, nature of the VIE’s interests issued and our
involvement with the entity. When assessing the need to consolidate a VIE, we
evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the related risks the entity was
designed to expose the variable interest holders to. 

 For VIEs with attributes consistent with that of an
investment company or a money market fund, the primary beneficiary is the party
or group of related parties that absorbs a majority of the expected losses of
the VIE, receives the majority of the expected residual returns of the VIE, or
both. 

 For all other VIEs, the primary beneficiary is the entity
that has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly affect the entity’s economic performance and (2) the
obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be
potentially significant to the VIE.  While also considering these factors,
the consolidation conclusion depends on the breadth of our decision-making
ability and our ability to influence activities that significantly affect the
economic performance of the VIE. 

 Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to Loss 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Investment Entities (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Securitization Vehicles 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured Investment  
   Vehicle 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affordable Housing Partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,152 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,187 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,906 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,941 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,752 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   755 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,346 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   199 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,697 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,143 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,098 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,310 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,697 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   763 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,628 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,762 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,027 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,012 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   626 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   994 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,549 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   266 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 9. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Comprised primarily of Short-term investments, Premiums
and other receivables and Other assets at both December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 (b) The assets of
each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 

 (c)  Comprised
primarily of Other liabilities and Derivative liabilities, at fair value, at
both December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 (d) At December
31, 2014 and 2013, off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of
commitments to real estate and investment entities was $56.4 million and $50.8
million, respectively. 

 We
calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in
the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or
liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the
VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and
guarantees to the VIE. Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have
recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse
to us, except in limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the
VIE’s interest holders. 

 The
following table presents total assets of unconsolidated VIEs in which we hold a
variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to loss associated with
these VIEs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  VIE 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   On-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,785 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,239 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,911 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,242 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,696 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,572 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,632 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,857 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,146 
   
  
 


 *    At December 31, 2014 and 2013, $3.2
billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, of our total unconsolidated VIE assets
were recorded as Other invested assets. 

 Real Estate and
Investment Entities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Through our insurance operations and AIG Global Real Estate,
we are an investor in various real estate investment entities, some of which
are VIEs. These investments are typically with unaffiliated third-party
developers via a partnership or limited liability company structure. The VIEs’
activities consist of the development or redevelopment of commercial,
industrial and residential real estate. Our involvement varies from being a
passive equity investor or finance provider to actively managing the activities
of the VIEs. 

 Our insurance operations participate as passive investors in
the equity issued by certain third-party-managed hedge and private equity funds
that are VIEs. Our insurance operations typically are not involved in the
design or establishment of these VIEs, nor do they actively participate in the
management of the VIEs. 


 


 
  
   
   267 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Securitization Vehicles 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We created certain VIEs that hold investments, primarily in
investment-grade debt securities and loans, and issued beneficial interests in
these investments.  The majority of these beneficial interests are owned by our
insurance operations and we maintain the power to direct the activities of the
VIEs that most significantly impact their economic performance and bear the
obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the entities that could
potentially be significant to the entities.  Accordingly, we consolidate these
entities and those beneficial interests issued to third-parties are reported as
Long-term debt. 

 We also created VIEs for the purpose of acquiring, owning,
leasing, maintaining, operating and selling aircraft. We hold beneficial
interests, including all the equity interests, in these entities. Other
beneficial interests include passive investments by our insurance operations in
the majority of the debt issued by these entities. We maintain the power to
direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the entities’
economic performance and bear the obligation to absorb economic losses or
receive economic benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. As
a result, we consolidate the assets and liabilities of these entities.  

 Structured Investment Vehicle 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Through DIB, we sponsor Nightingale Finance Ltd., a
structured investment vehicle (SIV), which is a VIE.  Nightingale Finance Ltd.
invests in variable rate, investment-grade debt securities, the majority of
which are ABS. We have no equity interest in the SIV, but we maintain the power
to direct the activities of the SIV that most significantly impact the entity’s
economic performance and bear the obligation to absorb economic losses that
could potentially be significant to the SIV. We are the primary beneficiary and
consolidate the SIV. 

 Affordable Housing Partnerships 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 SunAmerica Affordable Housing Partners, Inc. (SAAHP)
organizes and invests in limited partnerships that develop and operate
affordable housing qualifying for federal tax credits, in addition to a few
market rate properties across the United States. The operating partnerships are
VIEs, whose debt is generally non-recourse in nature, and the general partners of
which are mostly unaffiliated third-party developers. We do not consolidate an
operating partnership if the general partner is an unaffiliated entity and we
do not have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the
entities’ economic performance. Through approximately 900 partnerships, SAAHP
has limited partnership investments in developments with approximately 110,000
apartment units nationwide, and as of December 31, 2014, has syndicated
approximately $7.7 billion in partnership equity to other investors who
will receive, among other benefits, tax credits under certain sections of the
Internal Revenue Code. The pre-tax income of SAAHP is reported as a component
of the Consumer Insurance segment. 

 RMBS, CMBS, Other ABS and CDOs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Primarily through our insurance operations, we are a passive
investor in RMBS, CMBS, other ABS and CDOs, the majority of which are issued by
domestic special purpose entities. We generally do not sponsor or transfer
assets to, or act as the servicer to these asset-backed structures, and were
not involved in the design of these entities. 

 Through the DIB, we also invest in CDOs and similar
structures, which can be cash-based or synthetic and are managed by third
parties. The role of DIB is generally limited to that of a passive investor in
structures we do not manage. 

 Our maximum exposure in these types of structures is limited
to our investment in securities issued by these entities. Based on the nature
of our investments and our passive involvement in these types of structures, we
have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We
have not included these entities in the above tables; however, the fair values
of our investments in these structures are reported in Notes 5 and 6
herein. 









 


 
  
   
   268 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We use
derivatives and other financial instruments as part of our financial risk
management programs and as part of our investment operations.  Interest
rate, currency, equity and commodity swaps, credit contracts (including the
super senior credit default swap portfolio), swaptions, options and forward
transactions are accounted for as derivatives, recorded on a trade-date basis
and carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are reflected in income,
when appropriate. In certain instances, a contract’s transaction price is the
best indication of initial fair value. Aggregate asset or liability positions
are netted on the Consolidated Balance Sheets only to the extent permitted by
qualifying master netting arrangements in place with each respective
counterparty. Cash collateral posted with counterparties in conjunction with
transactions supported by qualifying master netting arrangements is reported as
a reduction of the corresponding net derivative liability, while cash
collateral received in conjunction with transactions supported by qualifying
master netting arrangements is reported as a reduction of the corresponding net
derivative asset. 

 Derivatives, with the exception of bifurcated
embedded derivatives, are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in
Derivative assets, at fair value and Derivative liabilities, at fair value. A
bifurcated embedded derivative is measured at fair value and accounted for in
the same manner as a free standing derivative contract. The corresponding host
contract is accounted for according to the accounting guidance applicable for
that instrument. A bifurcated embedded derivative is generally presented with the
host contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Notes 5 and 14 herein
for additional information on embedded policy derivatives. 

 Effective April 1, 2014, we
reclassified cross-currency swaps from Interest rate contracts to Foreign
exchange contracts. This change was applied prospectively. 

 The following table presents the notional amounts and
fair values of our derivative instruments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value (a) 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives designated as  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      hedging instruments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives not designated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      as hedging instruments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,849 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,251 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   524 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives not  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      designated as hedging  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      instruments 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,799 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,991 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   114,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,326 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,009 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,381 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,494 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92,063 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,214 
   
  
 


 (a) Fair
value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments and
offsetting cash collateral. 

 (b) There were no
derivative assets or notionals related to bifurcated embedded derivatives at
December 31, 2014.  Notional amount of derivative assets and fair value of
derivative assets include $23.2 billion and $107 million at  December 31, 2013 related to bifurcated embedded
derivatives.   Notional amount of derivative
liabilities and fair values of derivative liabilities include $39.3 billion
and $1.5 billion, respectively, at  December
31, 2014  and $6.7 billion and $424 million,
respectively at  December 31, 2013  related to bifurcated embedded derivatives. A bifurcated
embedded derivative is generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

 (c)  Consists
primarily of contracts with multiple underlying exposures. 

 
 


 
  
   
   269 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents the fair values of derivative
assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   Global Capital Markets derivatives: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AIG Financial Products 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,445 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,719 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,567 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,506 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,136 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,531 
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,506 
   
  
 
   
   Total Global Capital Markets derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,380 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,155 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54,473 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,531 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,395 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,012 
   
  
 
   
   Non-Global Capital Markets derivatives (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   795 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,381 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,214 
   
  
 
   
   Counterparty netting (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,734) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash collateral (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
 
   
      Total derivatives, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Bifurcated embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives on consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      balance sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,511 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents derivatives used to
hedge the foreign currency and interest rate risk associated with insurance as
well as embedded derivatives included in insurance contracts.  Assets and
liabilities include bifurcated embedded derivatives, which are recorded in
Policyholder contract deposits. 

 (b) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by a
qualifying master netting agreement. 

 (c)  Represents cash collateral posted and received that is
eligible for netting. 

 Collateral 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We engage in derivative transactions that are not subject to
a clearing requirement directly with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases,
under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA)
agreements. Many of the ISDA agreements also include Credit Support Annex (CSA)
provisions, which provide for collateral postings that may vary at various
ratings and threshold levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with certain
counterparties by entering into agreements that enable collateral to be
obtained from a counterparty on an upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the
risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their
contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and
collateral value and may require additional collateral to be posted upon the
occurrence of certain events or circumstances. In addition, certain derivative
transactions have provisions that require collateral to be posted upon a
downgrade of our long-term debt ratings or give the counterparty the right to
terminate the transaction. In the case of some of the derivative transactions,
upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings, as an alternative to posting
collateral and subject to certain conditions, we may assign the transaction to
an obligor with higher debt ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of
our obligations by an obligor with higher debt ratings or take other similar
action. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to counterparties
in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we
could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of
outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the
time of the downgrade. 

 Collateral posted by us to third parties for derivative
transactions was $3.3 billion and $3.2 billion at December 31, 2014 and
2013, respectively. In the case of collateral posted under derivative
transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral can generally be
repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided to us from third
parties for derivative transactions was $1.3 billion and $1.0 billion at December
31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We generally can repledge or resell collateral
posted under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing. 

 Offsetting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We have elected to present all derivative receivables and
derivative payables, and the related cash collateral received and paid, on a
net basis on our Consolidated Balance Sheets when a legally enforceable ISDA
Master Agreement exists between us and our derivative counterparty. An ISDA
Master Agreement is an agreement between two counterparties, which may have
multiple derivative transactions with each other governed by such agreement,
and such ISDA Master Agreement generally provides for the net settlement of all
or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through  
 


 
  
   
   270 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 a single payment, in a single
currency, in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one derivative
transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified group of,
derivative transactions. 

 Hedge Accounting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We designated certain derivatives entered into by GCM with
third parties as fair value hedges of available-for-sale investment securities
held by our insurance subsidiaries. The fair value hedges include foreign
currency forwards designated as hedges of the change in fair value of foreign
currency denominated available-for-sale securities attributable to changes in
foreign exchange rates. We previously designated certain interest rate swaps
entered into by GCM with third parties as cash flow hedges of certain floating
rate debt issued by ILFC, specifically to hedge the changes in cash flows on
floating rate debt attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. We
de-designated such derivatives as cash flow hedges in December 2012 in
connection with ILFC being classified as held-for-sale. 

 We use foreign currency denominated debt and cross-currency
swaps as hedging instruments in net investment hedge relationships to mitigate
the foreign exchange risk associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional
currency foreign subsidiaries. We assess the hedge effectiveness and measure
the amount of ineffectiveness for these hedge relationships based on changes in
spot exchange rates. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 we
recognized gain of $156 million, and losses of $38 million and $74
million, respectively, included in Change in foreign currency translation
adjustments in Other comprehensive income related to the net investment hedge
relationships. 

 A qualitative methodology is utilized to assess hedge
effectiveness for net investment hedges, while regression analysis is employed
for all other hedges. 

 The following table presents the gain (loss) recognized
in earnings on our derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships
in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable to: 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
   Hedged 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedge 
   
  
   Excluded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Derivatives (a) 
   
  
   Items 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ineffectiveness 
   
  
   Components 
   
  
   Other (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   271 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) The
amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon settlements of the
derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related to the hedged item. 

 (b) Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship. 

 The
following table presents the effect of our derivative instruments in cash flow
hedging relationships in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts (a) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Loss recognized in Other comprehensive
  income on derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reclassified from Accumulated
  other comprehensive income into earnings (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
 


 (a) Hedge accounting was discontinued
in December 2012 in connection with ILFC being classified as held-for-sale. Gains
and losses recognized in earnings are recorded in Income from continuing
operations. Previously the effective portion of the change in fair value of a
derivative qualifying as a cash flow hedge was recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive income until earnings were affected by the variability of cash
flows in the hedged item. Gains and losses reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income were previously recorded in Other income. Gains or losses
recognized in earnings on derivatives for the ineffective portion were
previously recorded in Net realized capital gains (losses). 

 (b) Includes $19 million for the year ended December 2012,
representing the reclassification from Accumulated other comprehensive income
into earnings following the discontinuation of cash flow hedges of ILFC debt. 

 Derivatives Not
Designated as Hedging Instruments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the effect of our
derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments in the
Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Recognized in Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   By Derivative Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (241) 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
     
   
  
   (644) 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   567 
   
  
     
   
  
   641 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
 
   
   By Classification: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   (516) 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   599 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
cross currency swaps. 

 (b) Includes
embedded derivative gains (losses) of $(837) million, $1.2 billion and $(170)
million for the years ended  December 31, 2014,
2013  and  2012,  respectively. 

 Global Capital Markets
Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Derivative transactions between AIG and its subsidiaries and
third parties are generally centralized through GCM, specifically AIG Markets.
The derivatives portfolio of AIG Markets consists primarily of interest rate
and currency derivatives and also  
 


 
  
   
   272 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 includes legacy
credit derivatives that have been novated from AIGFP. AIGFP also enters into
derivatives to mitigate market risk in its exposures (interest rates,
currencies, credit, commodities and equities) arising from its portfolio of
remaining transactions.   

 GCM follows a policy of minimizing interest rate, currency,
commodity, and equity risks associated with investment securities by entering
into offsetting positions, thereby offsetting a significant portion of the
unrealized appreciation and depreciation. 

 Super Senior Credit Default Swaps 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Credit default swap transactions were entered into by AIGFP
with the intention of earning revenue on credit exposure. In the majority of
these transactions, we sold credit protection on a designated portfolio of
loans or debt securities. Generally, such credit protection was provided on a
“second loss” basis, meaning we would incur credit losses only after a
shortfall of principal and/or interest, or other credit events, in respect of
the protected loans and debt securities, exceeded a specified threshold amount
or level of “first losses.” 

 The following table presents the net notional amount
(net of all structural subordination below the covered tranches), fair value of
derivative liability before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments and
offsetting cash collateral and unrealized market valuation gain of the super
senior credit default swap portfolio by asset class: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Market Valuation 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net Notional Amount at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivative Liability at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gain for the Years Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Arbitrage: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Multi-sector CDOs (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   947 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   518 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt/CLOs (b)(c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,832 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,089 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   550 
   
  
 


 (a) During
2014, we paid $67 million to counterparties with respect to multi-sector CDOs,
which was previously included in the fair value of the derivative liability as
an unrealized market valuation loss. Collateral postings with regards to
multi-sector CDOs were $852 million and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2014
and 2013, respectively. 

 (b) Corporate
debt/Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) include $555 million and $1.0
billion in net notional amount of credit default swaps written on the super
senior tranches of CLOs at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Collateral
postings with regards to corporate debt/CLOs were $147 million and $353 million
at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 (c)  On July
17, 2014, AIGFP terminated Corporate Debt Super Senior CDSs with a notional
amount of  $8.8  billion. 

 The expected
weighted average maturity of the super senior credit derivative portfolios as
of December 31, 2014 was five years for the multi‑sector CDO
arbitrage portfolio and three years for the corporate debt/CLO portfolio. 

 Because of long-term maturities of the CDSs in the arbitrage
portfolio, we are unable to make reasonable estimates of the periods during
which any payments would be made. However, the net notional amount represents
the maximum exposure to loss on the super senior credit default swap portfolio. 

 Written
Single Name Credit Default Swaps 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We have legacy credit default swap contracts referencing
single-name exposures written on corporate, index and asset‑backed
credits with the intention of earning spread income on credit exposure. Some of
these transactions were entered into as part of a long-short strategy to earn
the net spread between CDSs written and purchased. At December 31, 2014 and
2013, the net notional amounts of these written CDS contracts were $190 million
and $373 million, respectively, including ABS CDS transactions purchased from a
liquidated multi‑sector super senior CDS transaction. These exposures were
partially hedged by purchasing offsetting CDS contracts of $5 million and
$50 million in net notional amounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
The net unhedged positions of $185 million and $323 million at December
31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, represent the maximum exposure to loss on
these CDS contracts. The average maturity of the written CDS contracts was two years
and three years at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. At December 31,
2014 and 2013, the fair values of derivative liabilities (which represents the
carrying amount) of the portfolio of CDS was $25 million and $32 million,
respectively. 


 


 
  
   
   273 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Upon a triggering event
(e.g., a default) with respect to the underlying reference obligations, settlement
is generally effected through the payment of the notional amount of the
contract to the counterparty in exchange for the related principal amount of
securities issued by the underlying credit obligor (physical settlement) or, in
some cases, payment of an amount associated with the value of the notional
amount of the reference obligations through a market quotation process (cash
settlement). 

 These CDS contracts were written under ISDA Master
Agreements. The majority of these ISDA Master Agreements include credit support
annexes (CSAs) that provide for collateral postings that may vary at various
ratings and threshold levels. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, net collateral
posted by us under these contracts was $30 million and $38 million,
respectively, prior to offsets for other transactions. 

 All Other Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our businesses, other than GCM, also use derivatives and
other instruments as part of their financial risk management. Interest rate
derivatives (such as interest rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk
associated with embedded derivatives contained in insurance contract
liabilities, fixed maturity securities, outstanding medium‑ and long-term
notes as well as other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign
exchange derivatives (principally foreign exchange forwards and options) are
used to economically mitigate risk associated with non-U.S. dollar denominated
debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions. Equity
derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain insurance
liabilities. The derivatives are effective economic hedges of the exposures
that they are meant to offset. 

 In addition to hedging activities, we also enter into
derivative instruments with respect to investment operations, which include,
among other things, credit default swaps and purchasing investments with
embedded derivatives, such as equity‑linked notes and convertible bonds. 

 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments that
contain credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability
position at December 31, 2014 and 2013, was approximately $2.5 billion and $2.6
billion, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral
under these contracts at December 31, 2014 and 2013, was $2.7 billion and $3.1
billion, respectively. 

 We estimate that at December 31, 2014, based on our
outstanding financial derivative transactions, a one-notch downgrade of our
long-term senior debt ratings to BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Financial
Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
(S&P), would permit counterparties to make additional collateral calls and
permit certain counterparties to elect early termination of contracts,
resulting in a negligible amount of corresponding collateral postings and
termination payments; a one-notch downgrade to Baa2 by Moody’s Investors’
Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and an additional one-notch downgrade to BBB by
S&P would result in approximately $46 million in additional collateral
postings and termination payments, and a further one-notch downgrade to Baa3 by
Moody’s and BBB- by S&P would result in approximately $153 million in
additional collateral postings and termination payments.  

 Additional collateral postings upon downgrade are estimated
based on the factors in the individual collateral posting provisions of the CSA
with each counterparty and current exposure as of December 31, 2014. Factors
considered in estimating the termination payments upon downgrade include
current market conditions, the complexity of the derivative transactions,
historical termination experience and other observable market events such as
bankruptcy and downgrade events that have occurred at other companies. Our
estimates are also based on the assumption that counterparties will terminate based
on their net exposure to us. The actual termination payments could
significantly differ from our estimates given market conditions at the time of
downgrade and the level of uncertainty in estimating both the number of
counterparties who may elect to exercise their right to terminate and the
payment that may be triggered in connection with any such exercise. 

 Hybrid Securities with Embedded Credit Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We invest in hybrid securities (such as credit‑linked
notes) with the intent of generating income, and not specifically to acquire
exposure to embedded derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments
in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs and ABS, our  
 


 
  
   
   274 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 investments in these
hybrid securities are exposed to losses only up to the amount of our initial
investment in the hybrid security. Other than our initial investment in the
hybrid securities, we have no further obligation to make payments on the
embedded credit derivatives in the related hybrid securities. 

 We elect to account for our investments in these hybrid
securities with embedded written credit derivatives at fair value, with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income and Other income. Our
investments in these hybrid securities are reported as Other bond securities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of these hybrid securities
were $6.1 billion and $6.4 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. These securities have par amounts of $12.3 billion and $13.4
billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and both have remaining
stated maturity dates that extend to 2052. 








 12. GOODWILL 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Goodwill   represents the future economic benefits arising from assets
acquired in a business combination that are not  individually identified
and separately recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred.  We
assess goodwill for impairment at one level below our reportable segments.  At December
31, 2014, in consideration of the 2014 segment changes, our reporting units
with goodwill are Commercial Insurance - Property Casualty, Consumer Insurance
- Personal Insurance, and Consumer Insurance - Life. When a business is
transferred from one reporting unit to another, as occurred with the transfer
of a portion of the Consumer Insurance - Personal Insurance to Consumer
Insurance – Life, as part of the 2014 segment changes, goodwill at the original
reporting unit is allocated among reporting units based on the fair value of
business transferred, relative to business retained by a reporting unit.  

 The impairment assessment involves an option to first assess
qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances exist that
lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of
a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative
assessment is not performed, or after assessing the totality of the events or
circumstances, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment assessment
involves a two-step process in which a quantitative assessment for potential
impairment is performed.  

 If the qualitative test is not performed or if the test
indicates a potential impairment is present, we estimate the fair value of each
reporting unit and compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of
the reporting unit, including allocated goodwill. The estimate of a reporting unit’s
fair value involves management judgment and is based on one or a combination of
approaches including discounted expected future cash flows, market‑based
earnings multiples of the unit’s peer companies, external appraisals or, in the
case of reporting units being considered for sale, third‑party
indications of fair value, if available. We consider one or more of these
estimates when determining the fair value of a reporting unit to be used in the
impairment test. 

 If the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying
value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, goodwill associated
with that reporting unit potentially is impaired.  The amount of impairment, if
any, is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the
implied fair value of the goodwill. The implied fair value of the goodwill is
measured as the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts
that would be assigned to the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities in a
hypothetical business combination.  An impairment charge is recognized in
earnings to the extent of the excess of carrying value over fair value.   

 Goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2014
based on the results of the goodwill impairment test. 

 The following table presents the changes in goodwill by
reportable segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
   Consumer 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at January 1, 2012: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,502 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,850 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,373 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2012: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,946 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,469 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2013: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,952 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2014: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,931 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   275 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 







 13. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liability for Unpaid Losses
and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
represents the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates
for claims incurred but not reported and claim adjustments expenses, less
applicable discount for future investment income. We continually review and
update the methods used to determine loss reserve estimates and to establish
the resulting reserves. Any adjustments resulting from this review are
reflected currently in pre-tax income. Because these estimates are subject to
the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common given that loss
trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized
and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development. 

 Our
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual
deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.4 billion
and $12.0 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles
(primarily for U.S. commercial casualty business)   where we manage and
pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured
for the deductible portion of the claim.  At December 31, 2014 and 2013,
we held collateral totaling $9.4 billion and $9.0 billion,
respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of
letters of credit and trust agreements. 

 The following table presents the reconciliation of
activity in the Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,991 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91,145 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,231) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,209) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,320) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,825 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,061) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive asbestos reinsurance transaction 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,814 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,385 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, excluding discount (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
 
   
      Prior
  years, discount charge (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,419 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,743 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,450 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,325 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,775 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net liability for unpaid losses and
  loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
 
   
      Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,991 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   276 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. GOODWILL 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a)             For the 2012 amounts, $847 million was reclassified from
"Foreign exchange effect" to "Losses and loss adjustment
expenses paid (current year)". The impact of this reclassification was a
decrease of $847 million for foreign exchange and loss expenses paid (current
year), with no income statement or balance sheet impact. 

 (b) In 2014,
included $545 million, $381 million, $(195) million, $135 million and $109 million
related to primary casualty, environmental and asbestos, natural catastrophes,
financial lines and healthcare, respectively.  In 2013, included $(144) million,
$269 million, $498 million and $(54) million related to excess casualty,
environmental and pollution, primary casualty and healthcare, respectively.  In
2012, includes $157 million, $200 million, $531 million and $68 million related
to excess casualty, environmental and pollution, primary casualty and
healthcare, respectively. 

 (c)  Includes
amounts related to dispositions through the date of disposition.  

 The net adverse
development includes loss-sensitive business, for which we recognized $105 million,
$89 million and $54  million loss-sensitive premium adjustments for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 Discounting of Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2014, the liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses reflects a net loss reserve discount of $3.1 billion,
including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following
assumptions:  

 •    
 Certain asbestos business that was written by Non-Life Insurance
Companies is discounted, when allowed by the regulator and when payments are
fixed and determinable, based on the investment yields of the companies and the
payout pattern for this business. 

 •    
 The tabular workers’ compensation discount is calculated based on a 3.5
percent interest rate and the 1999 U.S. Decennial Life Table.  

 •    
 The non-tabular workers’ compensation discount is calculated separately
for companies domiciled in New York and Pennsylvania, and follows the statutory
regulations (prescribed or permitted) for each state.  For New York companies,
the discount is based on a five percent interest rate and the companies’ own
payout patterns.  In 2012, for Pennsylvania companies, the statute has
specified discount factors for accident years 2001 and prior, which are based
on a six percent interest rate and an industry payout pattern.  For accident
years 2002 and subsequent, the discount is based on the payout patterns and
investment yields of the companies.   

 •    
 Effective for the fourth quarter of 2013, our Pennsylvania regulator
approved use of a consistent discount rate (U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity
premium) to all of our workers’ compensation reserves in our
Pennsylvania-domiciled companies, as well as our use of updated payout patterns
specific to our primary and excess workers compensation portfolios.  Prior to
this change, workers’ compensation reserves held by a Pennsylvania-domiciled
insurer were discounted as follows: i) For loss reserves associated with
accident year 2001 and prior accident years, a prescribed discount factor based
on a rate of 6 percent and industry payout patterns, were applied, ii)  For
loss reserves associated with accident year 2002 and subsequent accident years,
a rate of 4.25 percent and our own payout patterns were applied; and iii) For a
portion of loss reserves comprising excess workers' compensation reserves that
were assumed into a Pennsylvania-domiciled insurer from New York-domiciled
insurers during 2011, we applied New York discounting rules, which include a
prescribed rate of five percent on case reserves only (no discounting of IBNR
reserves). 

 •    
 In the fourth quarter of 2014, our Pennsylvania and Delaware regulators
approved an updated discount rate that we applied to our workers’ compensation
loss reserves for the legal entities domiciled in those states.  

 The discount consists of the following: $852 million of
tabular discount for workers’ compensation in the domestic operations of
Non-Life Insurance Companies and $2.2 billion of non-tabular discount for
workers’ compensation in the domestic operations of Non-Life Insurance
Companies; and $11 million — non‑tabular discount for asbestos for
Non-Life Insurance Companies. 

 
 


 
  
   
   277 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 13. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Future
Policy Benefits  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Future policy benefits primarily include reserves for
traditional life and annuity payout contracts, which represent an estimate of
the present value of future benefits less the present value of future net
premiums. Included in Future policy benefits are liabilities for annuities
issued in structured settlement arrangements whereby a claimant has agreed to
settle a general insurance claim in exchange for fixed payments over a fixed
determinable period of time with a life contingency feature.  

 Future policy benefits also include certain guaranteed
benefits of variable annuity products that are not considered embedded
derivatives, primarily guaranteed minimum death benefits.  See Note 14 for
additional information on guaranteed death benefits.   

 The liability
for long-duration future policy benefits has been established including
assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of issuance and product, and
range from approximately 1 percent to 12 percent. Mortality and surrender rate
assumptions are generally based on actual experience when the liability is
established. 

 For universal
life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize a future policy benefit
reserve, in addition to policyholder contract deposits, based on a benefit
ratio of (a) the present value of total expected payments, in excess of the
account value, over the life of the contract, divided by (b) the present value
of total expected assessments over the life of the contract.  For universal
life policies without secondary guarantees, for which profits followed by
losses are first expected after contract inception, we establish future policy
benefit reserves, in addition to policyholder contract deposits, so that
expected future losses are recognized in proportion to the emergence of profits
in the earlier (profitable) years.  

 Policyholder Contract
Deposits  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for Policyholder contract deposits is primarily
recorded at accumulated value (deposits received and net transfers from
separate accounts, plus accrued interest credited at rates ranging from 0.3% to
8.4% at December 31, 2014, less withdrawals and assessed fees). Deposits
collected on investment-oriented products are not reflected as revenues, because
they are recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits upon receipt. 
Amounts assessed against the contract holders for mortality, administrative,
and other services are included in revenues.  

 In addition to liabilities for universal life, fixed
annuities, fixed options within variable annuities, annuities without life
contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder contract deposits also
include our liability for (a) certain guaranteed benefits and indexed
features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value, (b) annuities
issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no life contingency and (c) certain
contracts we have elected to account for at fair value.  See Note 14 herein for
additional information on guaranteed benefits accounted for as embedded
derivatives. 

 Under a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, an
unaffiliated, non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term notes to
investors, which are secured by GICs issued to the trust by one of our Life
Insurance Companies through our Institutional Markets operating segment. During
the year ended December 31, 2014, a $450 million GIC was issued in
conjunction with the funding agreement-backed notes program. 

 The
following table presents Policyholder contract deposits of the domestic Life
Insurance Companies by product line: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54,515 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,695 
   
  
 
   
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,717 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,644 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,729 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,433 
   
  
 
   
   Total Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,016 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   278 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 13. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Other
Policyholder Funds 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Other policyholder funds  include unearned
revenue reserves (URR). URR consists of front-end loads on investment-oriented
contracts, representing those policy loads that are non-level and typically
higher in initial policy years than in later policy years. URR for investment-oriented
contracts are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to
the incidence of estimated gross profits (EGPs) to be realized over the
estimated lives of the contracts and are subject to the same adjustments due to
changes in the assumptions underlying EGPs as DAC.  Amortization of URR is
recorded in Policy Fees.  

 Other policyholder funds also include provisions for future
dividends to participating policyholders, accrued in accordance with all
applicable regulatory or contractual provisions. Participating life business
represented approximately 1.9 percent of the gross insurance in force at December
31, 2014 and 3.7 percent of gross Premiums and other considerations in 2014.
The amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved locally by the boards of
directors of the insurance companies. Provisions for future dividend payments
are computed by jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The portions of
current and prior net income and of current unrealized appreciation of
investments that can inure to our benefit are restricted in some cases by the
insurance contracts and by the local insurance regulations of the jurisdictions
in which the policies are in force. 

 Certain products are subject to experience adjustments.
These include group life and group medical products, credit life contracts,
accident and health insurance contracts/riders attached to life policies and,
to a limited extent, reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers.
Ultimate premiums from these contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue
with the unearned portions of the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other
policyholder funds. Experience adjustments vary according to the type of
contract and the territory in which the policy is in force and are subject to
local regulatory guidance. 








 14. VARIABLE LIFE AND ANNUITY
CONTRACTS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We report variable contracts within the separate accounts
when investment income and investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and
investment risk is borne by, the contract holder and the separate account meets
additional accounting criteria to qualify for separate account treatment. The
assets supporting the variable portion of variable annuity and variable
universal life contracts that qualify for separate account treatment are
carried at fair value and reported as separate account assets, with an equivalent
summary total reported as separate account liabilities.  

 Policy values for variable products and investment
contracts are expressed in terms of investment units. Each unit is linked to an
asset portfolio. The value of a unit increases or decreases based on the value
of the linked asset portfolio. The current liability at any time is the sum of
the current unit value of all investment units in the separate accounts, plus
any liabilities for guaranteed minimum death benefits or guaranteed minimum withdrawal
benefits included in Future policy benefits or Policyholder contract deposits,
respectively. 

 Amounts assessed against the contract holders for
mortality, administrative and other services are included in revenue. Net
investment income, net investment gains and losses, changes in fair value of
assets, and policyholder account deposits and withdrawals related to separate
accounts are excluded from the Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive
Income (Loss) and Cash Flows.  

 Variable annuity contracts may
include certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the contract holder. These
guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that are
payable in the event of death, and living benefits that are payable in the
event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the
accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum income benefits
(GMIB), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed minimum
account value benefits (GMAV).  A variable annuity contract may include more
than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a
GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only receive payout from one
guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living
benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive.  A policyholder cannot
purchase more than one living benefit on one contract.  The net amount at
risk for each feature is calculated irrespective of the existence of other
features; as a result, the net amount at risk for each feature is not additive
to that of other features. 

 Account balances of variable annuity
contracts with guarantees were invested in separate account investment options
as follows: 


 


 
  
   
   279 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 13. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   At
  December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Equity funds 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,811 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,497 
   
  
 
   
   Bond funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,458 
   
  
 
   
   Balanced funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,384 
   
  
 
   
   Money market funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   797 
   
  
     
   
  
   867 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,528 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,206 
   
  
 


 GMDB and GMIB  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Depending on the contract, the GMDB feature may provide a
death benefit of either (a) total deposits made to the contract less any
partial withdrawals plus a minimum return (and in rare instances, no minimum
return) or (b) the highest contract value attained, typically on any
anniversary date minus any subsequent withdrawals following the contract
anniversary. GMIB guarantees a minimum level of periodic income payments upon
annuitization.  GMDB is our most widely offered benefit; our contracts also
include GMIB to a lesser extent.  

 The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB,
which are recorded in Future policyholder benefits, represent the expected
value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess
recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected
assessments, through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  The net amount
at risk for GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value
if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 

 The
following table presents details concerning our GMDB exposures, by benefit type : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
 
   
   Account value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Net amount at risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Average attained age of contract holders
  by product 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0-5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The
following summarizes GMDB and GMIB liabilities related to variable annuity
contracts: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   445 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
 


 We regularly
evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB liability and adjust the
additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or other evidence suggests
that earlier assumptions should be revised. 

 The following assumptions and
methodology were used to determine the GMDB liability at December 31, 2014: 

 •    
 Data used was up to 1,000 stochastically generated investment
performance scenarios. 

 •    
 Mean investment performance assumption was 8.5 percent. 

 •    
 Volatility assumption was 16 percent. 

 •    
 For certain products, mortality was assumed to be 85 percent of
the 1983 variable annuity minimum guaranteed death benefit table, adjusted for
recent experience. For other products, mortality was assumed to be 92 percent
to 139 percent of the 2012 individual annuity mortality table.  

 •    
 Lapse rates vary by contract type and duration and ranged zero percent
to 37 percent. 


 


 
  
   
   280 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 14. VARIABLE LIFE AND
ANNUITY CONTRACTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 •    
 The discount rate ranged from 3.75 percent to 10 percent and
is based on the growth rate assumption for the underlying contracts in effect
at the time of policy issuance. 

 GMWB and GMAV  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain of our variable annuity contracts contain optional
GMWB benefits and, to a lesser extent, GMAV benefits, which are not currently
offered. With a GMWB, the contract holder can monetize the excess of the
guaranteed amount over the account value of the contract only through a series
of withdrawals that do not exceed a specific percentage per year of the
guaranteed amount. If, after the series of withdrawals, the account value is
exhausted, the contract holder will receive a series of annuity payments equal
to the remaining guaranteed amount, and, for lifetime GMWB products, the
annuity payments continue as long as the covered person(s) is living. With a
GMAV benefit, the contract holder can monetize the excess of the guaranteed
amount over the account value of the contract, provided the contract holder
persists until the maturity date. 

 The liabilities for GMWB and GMAV, which are recorded in
Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives
measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities
recorded in Other net realized capital gains (losses). The fair value of these
embedded derivatives was a net liability of $957 million at December 31, 2014 and
a net asset of $37 million at December 31, 2013. See Note 5 herein for
discussion of the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are
accounted for as embedded derivatives.  We had account values subject to GMWB
and GMAV that totaled $35 billion and $28.6 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the present value of
minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with contract terms, in
excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount at risk for GMAV
represents the present value of minimum guaranteed account value in excess of
the current account balance, assuming no lapses. The net amount at risk related
to these guarantees was $414 million and $63 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to a decrease in interest
rates.  We use derivative instruments and other financial instruments to
mitigate a portion of our exposure that arises from GMWB and GMAV benefits.      

 See Note 1 for
discussion of presentation changes for policy fees that are related primarily
to GMWB embedded derivatives. 








 15. DEBT  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our long-term debt is denominated in various currencies,
with both fixed and variable interest rates. Long-term debt is carried at the
principal amount borrowed, including unamortized discounts, hedge accounting
valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable. The interest
rates presented in the following table reflect the range of contractual rates
in effect at December 31, 2014, including fixed and variable rate issuances. 

 The following table
lists our total debt outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The interest
rates presented in the following table are the range of contractual rates in
effect at December 31, 2014, including fixed and variable-rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Range
  of 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Interest
  Rate(s) 
   
  
   Date(s) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   2.30%
  - 8.13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,570 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,062 
   
  
 
   
      Subordinated debt 
   
  
   2.38% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
      Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   4.88%
  - 8.63% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2037
  - 2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,533 
   
  
 
   
      Loans and mortgages payable 
   
  
   9.00% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   6.63%
  - 7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2025
  - 2029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   7.57%
  - 8.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030
  - 2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,199 
   
  
 
   
   AIG/DIB borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      MIP notes payable 
   
  
   2.28%
  - 8.59% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,963 
   
  
 
   
      Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
   0.10%
  - 0.24% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
 
   
      GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
   0.04%
  - 8.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
 
   
      Notes and
  bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
   0.15%
  - 10.4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2049 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG/DIB borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,370 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,929 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,128 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      mortgages payable 
   
  
   0.06%
  - 5.60% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (b) 
   
  
   0.03%
  - 9.06% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  - 2061 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,565 
   
  
 
   
   Total long term debt  (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   281 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 14. VARIABLE LIFE AND
ANNUITY CONTRACTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) AIG
Parent guarantees all DIB debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP
matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of  AIG Parent. 

 (b) At
December 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated investments held through
AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corp., AIG Credit Corp., AIGLH and AIG
Property Casualty Inc. of $2.0 billion, $54 million, $1.5 billion and $122
million, respectively. At December 31, 2013, includes debt of consolidated
investments held through AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corp., AIG Credit
Corp., AIGLH and AIG Property Casualty Inc. of $1.5 billion, $111 million,
$696 million and $58 million, respectively. 

 (c) At December
31, 2013, excludes $21.4 billion related to ILFC as it is classified as a
held-for-sale business. 

 The following table presents maturities of long-term debt  (including unamortized original issue discount, hedge
accounting valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable) , excluding $3.7 billion in borrowings of debt of
consolidated investments: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year Ending 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   998 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,254 
   
  
 
   
   Subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   998 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,540 
   
  
 
   
   AIG/DIB borrowings supported by assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,827 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG/DIB borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   883 
   
  
     
   
  
   699 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,085 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,544 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,625 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,534 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,018 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,641 
   
  
 


 Uncollateralized
and collateralized notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable consisted of the
following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes/Bonds/Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages
  Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and mortgages payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
 


 *    AIG does not guarantee any of these borrowings. 

 Junior Subordinated Debt  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In August 2012, we entered into new replacement capital
covenants (the New RCCs) for the initial benefit of the holders of our 2.375%
Subordinated Notes due 2015 (the Subordinated Notes), in connection with our
5.75% Series A-2 Junior Subordinated  
 


 
  
   
   282 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Debentures and our
4.875% Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures.  We covenanted in each New
RCC that, subject to certain exceptions, we would not repay, redeem or
purchase, and that none of our subsidiaries would purchase, the applicable
series of junior subordinated debentures prior to the scheduled termination
date of that New RCC, unless since the date 360 days prior to the date of that
repayment, redemption or purchase, we have received a specified amount of net
cash proceeds from the sale of common stock or certain other qualifying
securities that have certain characteristics that are at least as equity-like
as the applicable characteristics of the applicable series of junior subordinated
debentures, or we or our subsidiaries have issued a specified amount of common
stock in connection with the conversion or exchange of certain convertible or
exchangeable securities. In the first quarter of 2013, our obligations under
the New RCCs were effectively terminated because one of the termination
provisions set forth in the New RCCs was triggered when it was determined that
neither series of junior subordinated debentures received equity credit any
longer for rating agency purposes. 

 In 2014, we repurchased approximately $2.4 billion aggregate
principal amount of our 8.175% Series A-6 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 

 AIGLH Junior Subordinated
Debentures (Formerly, Liabilities Connected To Trust Preferred Stock)  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In connection with our acquisition of AIG Life Holdings,
Inc. (AIGLH) in 2001, we entered into arrangements with AIGLH with respect to
outstanding AIGLH capital securities. In 1996, AIGLH issued capital securities
through a trust to institutional investors and funded the trust with AIGLH
junior subordinated debentures issued to the trust with the same terms as the
capital securities.  

 On July 11, 2013, the AIGLH junior subordinated debentures
were distributed to holders of the capital securities, the capital securities
were cancelled and the trusts were dissolved. At December 31, 2014, the junior
subordinated debentures outstanding consisted of $155 million of 8.5 percent junior
subordinated debentures due July 2030, $245 million of 8.125 percent junior
subordinated debentures due March 2046 and $136 million of 7.57 percent junior
subordinated debentures due December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 

 Credit Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The five-year syndicated credit facility that we entered
into on June 19, 2014 (the Five-Year Facility) provides for $4.0 billion of
unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit without any limits
on the type of borrowings.   As of December 31, 2014, a total of $4 billion remains
available under the Five-Year Facility. We expect we may draw down on the Five-Year
Facility from time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate
purposes. The Five-Year Facility is summarized in the following table. 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Available 
   
  
      
   
  
   Effective 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Size
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
   Date 
   
  
 
   
      Five-Year Syndicated Credit Facility 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,000 
   
  
   June
  2019 
   
  
   6/19/2014 
   
  
 









   

 16. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the normal course of business,
various contingent liabilities and commitments are entered into by AIG and our
subsidiaries. In addition, AIG Parent guarantees various obligations of certain
subsidiaries. 

 Although AIG cannot currently quantify its ultimate
liability for unresolved litigation and investigation matters, including those
referred to below, it is possible that such liability could have a material
adverse effect on AIG’s consolidated financial condition or its consolidated
results of operations or consolidated cash flows for an individual reporting
period. 


 


 
  
   
   283 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Legal Contingencies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Overview.
 In the normal course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries are,
like others in the insurance and financial services industries in general,
subject to litigation, including claims for punitive damages. In our insurance
and mortgage guaranty operations, litigation arising from claims settlement
activities is generally considered in the establishment of our liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. However, the potential for
increasing jury awards and settlements makes it difficult to assess the
ultimate outcome of such litigation. AIG is also subject to derivative, class
action and other claims asserted by its shareholders and others alleging, among
other things, breach of fiduciary duties by its directors and officers and
violations of insurance laws and regulations, as well as federal and state
securities laws. In the case of any derivative action brought on behalf of AIG,
any recovery would accrue to the benefit of AIG. 

 Various
regulatory and governmental agencies have been reviewing certain transactions
and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and
other inquiries into, among other matters, certain business practices of
current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. We have cooperated, and
will continue to cooperate, in producing documents and other information in
response to subpoenas and other requests. 

 AIG’s
Subprime Exposure, AIGFP Credit Default Swap Portfolio and Related Matters 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG, AIGFP and certain directors and officers of AIG, AIGFP
and other AIG subsidiaries have been named in various actions relating to our
exposure to the U.S. residential subprime mortgage market, unrealized market
valuation losses on AIGFP’s super senior credit default swap portfolio, losses
and liquidity constraints relating to our securities lending program and
related disclosure and other matters (Subprime Exposure Issues). 

 Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation.    Between
May 21, 2008 and January 15, 2009, eight purported securities class
action complaints were filed against AIG and certain directors and officers of
AIG and AIGFP, AIG’s outside auditors, and the underwriters of various
securities offerings in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (the Southern District of New York), alleging claims under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or claims under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). On March 20,
2009, the Court consolidated all eight of the purported securities class
actions as In re American International Group, Inc. 2008 Securities
Litigation (the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation). 

 On May 19, 2009, the lead
plaintiff in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation filed a consolidated
complaint on behalf of purchasers of AIG Common Stock during the alleged class
period of March 16, 2006 through September 16, 2008, and on behalf of
purchasers of various AIG securities offered pursuant to AIG’s shelf
registration statements. The consolidated complaint alleges that defendants
made statements during the class period in press releases, AIG’s quarterly and
year-end filings, during conference calls, and in various registration
statements and prospectuses in connection with the various offerings that were
materially false and misleading and that artificially inflated the price of AIG
Common Stock. The alleged false and misleading statements relate to, among
other things, the Subprime Exposure Issues. The consolidated complaint alleges
violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and
Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act. On August 5,
2009, defendants filed motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint, and on
September 27, 2010, the Court denied the motions to dismiss. 

 On April 26, 2013, the Court dismissed all claims against
the outside auditors in their entirety, and it also reduced the scope of the
Securities Act claims against AIG and defendants other than the outside
auditors. 

 On July 15, 2014, lead plaintiffs and all defendants except
AIG’s outside auditors accepted a mediator’s proposal to settle the
Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation for a cash payment by AIG of $960
million (the AIG Settlement).  On August 1, 2014, lead plaintiff and
AIG’s outside auditors accepted a mediator’s proposal to resolve the
Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation for a cash payment by the outside
auditors (the Auditor Settlement and, collectively with the AIG Settlement, the
Settlement). On October 7, 2014, the Court granted lead plaintiff’s Motion
for Preliminary Approval of Settlement and Approval of Notice to the Class and
scheduled a final settlement approval hearing for March 20, 2015. The deadline
for parties to exclude themselves from the Settlement passed on January 5,
2015. The Settlement remains subject to final approval by the Court. On October
22, 2014, AIG made a cash payment of $960 million, which is being held in
escrow pending final approval of the AIG Settlement and which will be returned
if the AIG Settlement is not approved.  The AIG Settlement amount has been
accrued. 

 
 


 
  
   
   284 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Individual
Securities Litigations.  Between November 18, 2011 and September 16, 2013,
nine separate, though similar, securities actions were filed asserting claims
substantially similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation
against AIG and certain directors and officers of AIG and AIGFP (one such
action also names as defendants AIG’s outside auditor and the underwriters of
various securities offerings). Two  such actions have been voluntarily
dismissed; the remainder are now pending in the Southern District of New York. On
January 20, 2015, AIG and other defendants filed motions to dismiss some or all
of the claims asserted in all such actions pending as of that date.  On
February 2, 2015, and February 9, 2015, two additional securities actions were
filed in the Southern District of New York asserting claims substantially
similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation against AIG
(one of the two actions also names as defendants certain directors and officers
of AIG and AIGFP, and AIG’s outside auditor and certain of AIG’s underwriters
during the relevant period). 

 We have accrued our current estimate of probable loss with
respect to the pending litigations and other potential related litigations. 

 ERISA Actions – Southern District of New York.  Between
June 25, 2008 and November 25, 2008, AIG, certain directors and
officers of AIG, and members of AIG’s Retirement Board and Investment Committee
were named as defendants in eight purported class action complaints asserting
claims on behalf of participants in certain pension plans sponsored by AIG or its
subsidiaries. The Court subsequently consolidated these eight actions as In re
American International Group, Inc. ERISA Litigation II. On December 19,
2014, lead plaintiffs’ counsel filed under seal a third consolidated amended
complaint. The action purports to be brought as a class action under the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), on behalf
of all participants in or beneficiaries of certain benefit plans of AIG and its
subsidiaries that offered shares of AIG Common Stock. In the third consolidated
amended complaint, plaintiffs allege, among other things, that the defendants
breached their fiduciary responsibilities to plan participants and their
beneficiaries under ERISA, by continuing to offer the AIG Stock Fund as an
investment option in the plans after it allegedly became imprudent to do so.
The alleged ERISA violations relate to, among other things, the defendants’
purported failure to monitor and/or disclose certain matters, including the
Subprime Exposure Issues. 

 On January 6, 2015, the parties
informed the Court that they had accepted a mediator’s proposal to settle the
action for $40 million. On January 7, 2015, the Court removed all previously
scheduled deadlines from the Court’s calendar, subject to the parties’
submission of settlement papers to the Court seeking an order preliminarily
approving the proposed settlement and providing for notice to the class and a
final settlement hearing.   The entirety of the $40 million settlement is
expected to be paid by AIG’s fiduciary liability insurance carriers. 

 Canadian Securities Class Action – Ontario Superior
Court of Justice .  On November 12,
2008, an application was filed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice for
leave to bring a purported class action against AIG, AIGFP, certain directors
and officers of AIG and Joseph Cassano, the former Chief Executive Officer of
AIGFP, pursuant to the Ontario Securities Act. If the Court grants the
application, a class plaintiff will be permitted to file a statement of claim
against defendants. The proposed statement of claim would assert a class period
of March 16, 2006 through September 16, 2008 and would allege that
during this period defendants made false and misleading statements and
omissions in quarterly and annual reports and during oral presentations in
violation of the Ontario Securities Act. 

 On April 17, 2009, defendants filed a motion record in
support of their motion to stay or dismiss for lack of jurisdiction and forum
non conveniens. On July 12, 2010, the Court adjourned a hearing on the
motion pending a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada in a pair of actions
captioned Club Resorts Ltd. v. Van Breda 2012 SCC 17. On April 18,
2012, the Supreme Court of Canada clarified the standard for determining jurisdiction
over foreign and out‑of‑province defendants, such as AIG, by
holding that a defendant must have some form of “actual,” as opposed to a
merely “virtual,” presence to be deemed to be “doing business” in the
jurisdiction. The Supreme Court of Canada also suggested that in future cases,
defendants may contest jurisdiction even when they are found to be doing
business in a Canadian jurisdiction if their business activities in the
jurisdiction are unrelated to the subject matter of the litigation. The matter
has been stayed pending further developments in the Consolidated 2008
Securities Litigation. Plaintiff has not yet moved to lift the stay. 

 In plaintiff’s proposed statement of claim, plaintiff
alleged general and special damages of $500 million and punitive damages
of $50 million plus prejudgment interest or such other sums as the Court
finds appropriate. As of February 20, 2015, the Court has not determined
whether it has jurisdiction or granted plaintiff’s application to file a
statement of claim, no merits discovery has occurred and the action has been
stayed. As a result, we are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or
range of losses, if any, arising from the litigation. 


 


 
  
   
   285 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Starr International Litigation  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On November 21, 2011, Starr International Company, Inc.
(SICO) filed a complaint against the United States in the United States Court
of Federal Claims (the Court of Federal Claims), bringing claims, both
individually and on behalf of the classes defined below and derivatively on
behalf of AIG (the SICO Treasury Action). The complaint challenges the
government’s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which AIG entered into a credit
facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY, and such credit
facility, the FRBNY Credit Facility) and the United States received an
approximately 80 percent ownership in AIG. The complaint alleges that the
interest rate imposed on AIG and the appropriation of approximately
80 percent of AIG’s equity was discriminatory, unprecedented, and
inconsistent with liquidity assistance offered by the government to other
comparable firms at the time and violated the Equal Protection, Due Process,
and Takings Clauses of the U.S. Constitution. 

 In rulings dated July 2, 2012 and September 17,
2012, the Court of Federal Claims largely denied the United States’ motion to
dismiss in the SICO Treasury Action.  

 In the SICO Treasury Action, the only claims naming AIG as a
party (as a nominal defendant) are derivative claims on behalf of AIG. On
September 21, 2012, SICO made a pre‑litigation demand on our Board
demanding that we pursue the derivative claims or allow SICO to pursue the
claims on our behalf. On January 9, 2013, our Board unanimously refused
SICO’s demand in its entirety and on January 23, 2013, counsel for the
Board sent a letter to counsel for SICO describing the process by which our
Board considered and refused SICO’s demand and stating the reasons for our
Board’s determination. 

 On March 11, 2013, SICO filed a second amended
complaint in the SICO Treasury Action alleging that its demand was wrongfully
refused. On June 26, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims granted AIG’s and
the United States’ motions to dismiss SICO’s derivative claims in the SICO
Treasury Action and denied the United States’ motion to dismiss SICO’s direct
claims. 

 On March 11, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims in the
SICO Treasury Action granted SICO’s motion for class certification of two
classes with respect to SICO’s non‑derivative claims: (1) persons
and entities who held shares of AIG Common Stock on or before
September 16, 2008 and who owned those shares on September 22, 2008;
and (2) persons and entities who owned shares of AIG Common Stock on
June 30, 2009 and were eligible to vote those shares at AIG’s
June 30, 2009 annual meeting of shareholders. SICO has provided notice of
class certification to potential members of the classes, who, pursuant to a
court order issued on April 25, 2013, had to return opt‑in consent
forms by September 16, 2013 to participate in either class. 286,908
holders of AIG Common Stock during the two class periods have opted into the
classes. 

 Trial in the SICO Treasury Action began in the Court of
Federal Claims on September 29, 2014, and witness testimony concluded on
November 24, 2014. SICO argued during trial that the two classes are entitled
to a total of approximately $40 billion in damages, plus interest. The parties
are in the process of post-trial briefing. 

 While AIG is no longer a party to the SICO Treasury Action,
the United States has alleged, as an affirmative defense in its answer, that
AIG is obligated to indemnify the FRBNY and its representatives, including the
Federal Reserve Board of Governors and the United States (as the FRBNY’s
principal), for any recovery in the SICO Treasury Action, and seeks a contingent
offset or recoupment for the value of net operating loss benefits the United
States alleges that we received as a result of the government’s assistance. On
November 8, 2013, the Court denied a motion by SICO to strike the United
States’ affirmative defenses of indemnification and contingent offset or
recoupment. 

 AIG believes that any such
indemnification obligation would arise only if: (a) SICO prevails on its claims
at trial and receives an award of damages and prevails through any appellate
process; (b) the United States commences an action against AIG seeking
indemnification; and (c) the United States is successful in such an action
through any appellate process. If SICO prevails on its claims and the United
States seeks indemnification from AIG, AIG intends to assert defenses thereto. A
final determination that the United States is liable for damages, together with
a final determination that AIG is obligated to indemnify the United States for
any such damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 


 


 
  
   
   286 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 False Claims Act Complaint 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 25, 2010, a complaint was filed in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California by two
individuals (Relators) seeking to assert claims on behalf of the United States
against AIG and certain other defendants, including Goldman Sachs and Deutsche
Bank, under the False Claims Act. Relators filed a first amended complaint on
September 30, 2010, adding certain additional defendants, including Bank
of America and Société Générale. The first amended complaint alleged that
defendants engaged in fraudulent business practices in respect of their
activities in the over-the-counter market for collateralized debt obligations,
and submitted false claims to the United States in connection with the FRBNY
Credit Facility and Maiden Lane II LLC (ML II) and Maiden Lane III LLC
entities (the Maiden Lane Interests) through, among other things,
misrepresenting AIG’s ability and intent to repay amounts drawn on the FRBNY
Credit Facility, and misrepresenting the value of the securities that the
Maiden Lane Interests acquired from AIG and certain of its counterparties. The
first amended complaint sought unspecified damages pursuant to the False Claims
Act in the amount of three times the damages allegedly sustained by the United
States as well as interest, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. The complaint
and the first amended complaint were initially filed and maintained under seal
while the United States considered whether to intervene in the action. On or
about April 28, 2011, after the United States declined to intervene, the
District Court lifted the seal, and Relators served the first amended complaint
on AIG on July 11, 2011. On April 19, 2013, the Court granted AIG’s
motion to dismiss, dismissing the first amended complaint in its entirety,
without prejudice, giving the Relators the opportunity to file a second amended
complaint. On May 24, 2013, the Relators filed a second amended complaint,
which attempted to plead the same claims as the prior complaints and did not
specify an amount of alleged damages.  AIG and its
co-defendants filed motions to dismiss the second amended complaint on August
9, 2013.  On March 29, 2014, the
Court dismissed the second amended complaint with prejudice.  On April
30, 2014, the Relators filed a Notice of Appeal to the Ninth Circuit. We
are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of losses, if any,
arising from the litigation. 

 Litigation
Matters Relating to AIG’s Insurance Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Caremark.
 AIG and certain of its subsidiaries have been named defendants in two
putative class actions in state court in Alabama that arise out of the 1999
settlement of class and derivative litigation involving Caremark Rx, Inc.
(Caremark). The plaintiffs in the second‑filed action intervened in the
first‑filed action, and the second‑filed action was dismissed. An
excess policy issued by a subsidiary of AIG with respect to the 1999 litigation
was expressly stated to be without limit of liability. In the current actions,
plaintiffs allege that the judge approving the 1999 settlement was misled as to
the extent of available insurance coverage and would not have approved the
settlement had he known of the existence and/or unlimited nature of the excess
policy. They further allege that AIG, its subsidiaries, and Caremark are liable
for fraud and suppression for misrepresenting and/or concealing the nature and
extent of coverage.  

 The complaints filed by the
plaintiffs and the intervenors request compensatory damages for the 1999 class
in the amount of $3.2 billion, plus punitive damages. AIG and its
subsidiaries deny the allegations of fraud and suppression, assert that
information concerning the excess policy was publicly disclosed months prior to
the approval of the settlement, that the claims are barred by the statute of
limitations, and that the statute cannot be tolled in light of the public
disclosure of the excess coverage. The plaintiffs and intervenors, in turn,
have asserted that the disclosure was insufficient to inform them of the nature
of the coverage and did not start the running of the statute of limitations. 

 On August 15, 2012, the trial court entered an order
granting plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, and on September 12, 2014,
the Alabama Supreme Court affirmed that order. AIG and the other defendants
have petitioned for rehearing of that decision.  Absent further review of the
class certification order, the matter will return to the trial court for
general discovery (which has not yet commenced) and adjudication of the merits.
AIG is unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of losses, if
any, arising from the litigation. 

 Regulatory and Related Matters 

 In April 2007, the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC) formed a Settlement Review Working Group, directed by the
State of Indiana, to review the Workers’ Compensation Residual Market
Assessment portion of the settlement between AIG, the Office of the New York Attorney
General, and the New York State Department of Insurance.  In late 2007,
the Settlement Review Working Group, under the direction of Indiana, Minnesota
and Rhode Island, recommended that a multi-state targeted market conduct
examination focusing on workers’ compensation insurance be commenced under the  
 


 
  
   
   287 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 direction of the NAIC’s Market Analysis Working
Group.  AIG was informed of the multi-state targeted market conduct
examination in January 2008.  The lead states in the multi-state
examination were Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.  All other states (and the District
of Columbia) agreed to participate in the multi-state examination. The
examination focused on legacy issues related to certain AIG entities’ writing
and reporting of workers compensation insurance between 1985 and 1996.   

 On December 17, 2010, AIG and the lead states reached an
agreement to settle all regulatory liabilities arising out of the subjects of
the multistate examination.  This regulatory settlement agreement, which
was agreed to by all 50 states and the District of Columbia, included, among
other terms, (i) AIG’s payment of $100 million in regulatory fines and
penalties; (ii) AIG’s payment of $46.5 million in outstanding premium taxes and
assessments; (iii) AIG’s agreement to enter into a compliance plan describing
agreed-upon specific steps and standards for evaluating AIG’s ongoing
compliance with state regulations governing the setting of  workers’
compensation insurance premium rates and the reporting of workers
compensation  premiums; and (iv) AIG’s agreement to pay up to $150 million
in contingent fines in the event that AIG fails to comply substantially with
the compliance plan requirements. In furtherance of the compliance plan, the
agreement provided for a monitoring period from May 29, 2012 to May 29, 2014
leading up to a compliance plan examination.  After the close of the
monitoring period, as part of preparation for the actual conduct of the
compliance plan examination, on or about October 1, 2014, AIG and the lead
states agreed upon corrective action plans to address particular issues
identified during the monitoring period.  The compliance plan examination
is ongoing. There can be no assurance that the result of the compliance plan
examination will not result in a fine, have a material adverse effect on AIG’s
ongoing operations or lead to civil litigation. 

 In connection with a multi‑state examination of
certain accident and health products, including travel products, issued by
National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union), AIG
Property Casualty Inc. (formerly Chartis Inc.), on behalf of itself, National
Union, and certain of AIG Property Casualty Inc.’s insurance and non‑insurance
companies (collectively, the AIG PC parties) entered into a Regulatory
Settlement Agreement with regulators from 50 U.S. jurisdictions effective
November 29, 2012. Under the agreement, and without admitting any
liability for the issues raised in the examination, the AIG PC parties
(i) paid a civil penalty of $50 million, (ii) entered into a
corrective action plan describing agreed‑upon specific steps and
standards for evaluating the AIG PC parties’ ongoing compliance with laws and
regulations governing the issues identified in the examination, and
(iii) agreed to pay a contingent fine in the event that the AIG PC parties
fail to satisfy certain terms of the corrective action plan. National Union and
other AIG companies are also currently subject to civil litigation relating to
the conduct of their accident and health business, and may be subject to
additional litigation relating to the conduct of such business from time to
time in the ordinary course. There can be no assurance that any regulatory
action resulting from the issues identified will not have a material adverse
effect on our ongoing operations of the business subject to the agreement, or
on similar business written by other AIG carriers. 

 Industry‑wide examinations conducted by the Minnesota
Department of Insurance and the Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) on captive reinsurance practices by lenders and mortgage insurance
companies, including UGC, have been ongoing for several years. In 2011, the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) assumed responsibility for
violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act from HUD, and assumed
HUD’s aforementioned ongoing investigation. UGC and the CFPB reached a settlement,
entered on April 8, 2013 by the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Florida, where UGC consented to discontinue its remaining
captive reinsurance practices and to pay a civil monetary penalty of
$4.5 million to the CFPB. The settlement includes a release for all
liability related to UGC’s captive reinsurance practices and resolves the
CFPB’s investigation. On January 31, 2014, PHH Corp. and various affiliates
(all non-parties to the action and the consent order) filed a motion to reopen
the case and to intervene therein for the limited purpose of obtaining a
declaratory judgment enforcing the consent order.  UGC opposed this request,
and on March 10, 2014, the Court denied PHH Corp.’s motion.  PHH Corp. has
appealed to the Eleventh Circuit.   

 UGC has received a proposed consent order from the Minnesota
Commissioner of Commerce (the MN Commissioner) which alleges that UGC violated
the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and other state laws in connection
with its practices with captive reinsurance companies owned by lenders. UGC is
engaged in discussions with the MN Commissioner with respect to the terms of
the proposed consent order. UGC cannot predict if or when a consent order may
be entered into or, if entered into, what the terms of the final consent order
will be. UGC has been subject to civil litigation relating to its placement of
reinsurance with captives owned by lenders, and may be subject to additional
litigation relating to the conduct of such business from time to time in the
ordinary course. 

 AIG is responding to subpoenas from the New York Department
of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office
(NYDA) relating to AIG’s formerly wholly owned subsidiaries, ALICO and Delaware
American Life Insurance  
 


 
  
   
   288 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Company (DelAm), and other
related business units, which were sold by AIG to MetLife in November
2010.  The inquiries relate to whether ALICO, DelAm and their
representatives conducted insurance business in New York over an extended
period of time without a license, and whether certain representations by ALICO
concerning its activities in New York were accurate. On or about March 31,
2014, a consent order between MetLife and the NYDFS, whereby MetLife agreed to
pay $50 million, and a deferred prosecution agreement with the NYDA, whereby
MetLife agreed to pay $10 million, were announced. AIG was not a party to
either settlement. The consent order between the NYDFS and MetLife made certain
findings, including that former AIG subsidiaries and affiliates conducted
insurance business in New York without a license and that ALICO, while
operating as a subsidiary of AIG, made misrepresentations and omissions
concerning its insurance business activities in New York to NYDFS’s predecessor
agency, the New York State Department of Insurance.  The NYDFS also found
in the consent order that AIG had violated the New York Insurance Law. On April
3, 2014, AIG filed a complaint against the NYDFS and NYDFS Superintendent
Benjamin Lawsky in the Southern District of New York, seeking declaratory and
injunctive relief on the basis that the NYDFS’s interpretation of the New York
Insurance Law is unconstitutional under the Due Process and Commerce Clauses,
as well as the First Amendment, of the U.S. Constitution. Defendants filed a
motion to dismiss the federal complaint on May 16, 2014.  On October 31, 2014,
AIG and NYDFS entered into a Consent Order, whereby AIG agreed to pay $35
million and dismiss the federal lawsuit in exchange for NYDFS’s agreement to
discontinue its inquiry. 

 On May 12, 2010, a complaint was filed under seal in the
Southern District of New York by an individual (Relator) seeking to assert
claims on behalf of the United States against AIG under the False Claims Act.
The Relator filed also under seal a first amended complaint on July 28, 2011.
The complaint and the first amended complaint were initially filed and
maintained under seal while the United States considered whether to intervene
in the action, and on or about October 29, 2013, after the United States
declined to intervene, the District Court ordered the complaint be unsealed 30
days after the entry of the order. The case, however, was not unsealed until
May 9, 2014. The Relator thereafter served his second amended complaint on AIG
on May 23, 2014. The second amended complaint alleges that AIG made false
statements relevant to the valuation of two of its former subsidiaries, ALICO
and American International Assurance Limited (AIA), in connection with
agreements under which interests in those subsidiaries were transferred to the
FRBNY in exchange for a $25 billion decrease in the amount owed to the FRBNY
under the FRBNY Credit Facility. Specifically, it alleges that AIG falsely told
the federal government that ALICO and AIA had the licenses they needed to
conduct their business and were in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations.  AIG moved to dismiss the Relator’s second amended complaint on
December 22, 2014.     

 As previously disclosed in prior quarters, a state
regulatory agency has requested additional information relating to the
unwinding of a position on which we realized gains of $196 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014. 

 Legal
Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We recorded increases in our legal reserve liability of $507
million and $391 million in the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 

 Other
Contingencies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Although we regularly review the adequacy of the established
Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, there can be no
assurance that our loss reserves will not develop adversely and have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. Estimation of ultimate net losses,
loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process, particularly for long‑tail
casualty lines of business, which include, but are not limited to, general
liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental, workers’
compensation, excess casualty and crisis management coverages, insurance and
risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized
structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability,
directors and officers and products liability. Generally, actual historical
loss development factors are used to project future loss development. However,
there can be no assurance that future loss development patterns will be the
same as in the past. Moreover, any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss
development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time
subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any
accident year. Reserves with respect to a number of years may be significantly
affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were
relied upon in setting the reserves. These changes in loss cost trends or loss
development factors could be attributable to changes in global  
 


 
  
   
   289 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 economic conditions, changes in the legal, regulatory,
judicial and social environment, changes in medical cost trends (for example,
inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services), underlying policy
pricing, terms and conditions, and claims handling practices.   

 Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We occupy leased space in many locations under various
long-term leases and have entered into various leases covering the long-term
use of data processing equipment. 

 The following table presents the future minimum lease
payments under operating leases at December 31, 2014: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   349 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining years after 2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
 


   

 Rent expense
was $471 million, $414 million and $445 million for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These amounts include $7
million for the year ended December 31, 2014 related to ILFC prior to the sale
in 2014, and $15 million and $16 million attributable to businesses held for
sale for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 Other Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the normal course of business, we enter into commitments
to invest in limited partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to
purchase and develop real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments
totaled $2.5 billion at December 31, 2014. 

 Guarantees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We have issued unconditional guarantees with respect to the
prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment obligations and
liabilities of AIGFP and those arising from transactions entered into by AIG
Markets.  

 In connection with AIGFP’s business activities, AIGFP has
issued, in a limited number of transactions, standby letters of credit or
similar facilities to equity investors of structured leasing transactions in an
amount equal to the termination value owing to the equity investor by the lessee
in the event of a lessee default (the equity termination value) that are not
otherwise satisfied by other arrangements. The total amount outstanding under
these facilities at December 31, 2014 was $214 million. In those
transactions, AIGFP has agreed to pay the equity termination value if the
lessee fails to pay. The amount payable by AIGFP is, in certain cases,
partially offset by amounts payable under other instruments typically equal to
the present value of scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP. In the event that
AIGFP is required to make a payment to the equity investor, the lessee is
unconditionally obligated to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that the equity
investor is paid the equity termination value from the standby letter of credit
and/or other sources, including payments by the lessee, AIGFP takes an
assignment of the equity investor’s rights under the lease of the underlying
property. Because the obligations of the lessee under the lease transactions
are generally economically defeased, lessee bankruptcy is the most likely
circumstance in which AIGFP would be required to pay without reimbursement. 


 


 
  
   
   290 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Asset Dispositions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 General 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with the sales of businesses that occurred pursuant
to our asset disposition plan. The various arrangements may be triggered by,
among other things, declines in asset values, the occurrence of specified
business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, developments
in litigation or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants made by
us. These arrangements are typically subject to various time limitations,
defined by the contract or by operation of law, such as statutes of limitation.
In some cases, the maximum potential obligation is subject to contractual
limitations, while in other cases such limitations are not specified or are not
applicable. 

 We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the
maximum potential liability under certain of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments related
to the sales subject to these arrangements, and no material liabilities related
to these arrangements have been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See
Note 4 herein for additional information on sales of businesses and asset
dispositions.  

 Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 •    
 See Note 10 for commitments and guarantees associated with VIEs. 

 •    
 See Note 11 for disclosures about derivatives. 

 •    
 See Note 26 for additional disclosures about guarantees of outstanding
debt. 








 17. Equity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Shares Outstanding 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following
table presents a rollforward of outstanding shares: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Common
  Stock 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stock
  Issued 
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,568,099 
   
  
   (9,746,617) 
   
  
   1,896,821,482 
   
  
 
   
      Issuances 
   
  
   43,581 
   
  
   685,727 
   
  
   729,308 
   
  
 
   
      Shares purchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (421,228,855) 
   
  
   (421,228,855) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,611,680 
   
  
   (430,289,745) 
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,611,680 
   
  
   (430,289,745) 
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   34,009 
   
  
   24,778 
   
  
   58,787 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (12,317,399) 
   
  
   (12,317,399) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,645,689 
   
  
   (442,582,366) 
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,645,689 
   
  
   (442,582,366) 
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   25,803 
   
  
   15,748 
   
  
   41,551 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   291 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Dividends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payment of future dividends
to our shareholders and repurchases of AIG Common Stock depends in part on the
regulatory framework that we are currently subject to and that will ultimately
be applicable to us, including as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(Dodd Frank) and a global systemically important insurer. In addition,
dividends are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if declared by our
Board of Directors in its discretion, from funds legally available therefor. In
considering whether to pay a dividend or purchase shares of AIG Common Stock,
our Board of Directors considers such matters as the performance of our
businesses, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity, available capital, the existence of investment opportunities,
contractual, legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by
our subsidiaries, rating agency considerations, including the potential effect
on our debt ratings, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem
relevant.  

 On March 25, 2014, AIG paid
a dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common Stock to shareholders of record on
March 11, 2014. On June 24, 2014, AIG paid a dividend of $0.125 per share on
AIG Common Stock to shareholders of record on June 10, 2014. On
September 25, 2014, AIG paid a dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common
Stock to shareholders of record on September 11, 2014.  On
December 18, 2014, AIG paid a dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common
Stock to shareholders of record on December 4, 2014. 

 Repurchase of AIG Common
Stock in 2014 and 2013 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On August 1, 2013, our Board
of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock, with an
aggregate purchase price of up to $1.0 billion, from time to time in the open
market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase
or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise.  For the year ended December
31, 2013, we repurchased approximately 12 million shares of AIG Common Stock
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $597 million pursuant to this
authorization. 

 On February 13, 2014, June 5, 2014 and October 31, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized increases to the
August 1, 2013 repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of an aggregate of   $4.5
billion. For the year ended December 31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 88 million
shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9
billion. 

 In the second, third and fourth quarters of 2014, we
executed five accelerated stock repurchase (ASR) agreements with third-party
financial institutions. The total number of shares of AIG Common Stock
repurchased in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2014, and the aggregate
purchase price of those shares, each as set forth above, reflect our payment of
approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate under the ASR agreements and the
receipt of approximately 53 million shares of AIG Common Stock in the
aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of the total notional
share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock,
under an ASR agreement executed in December 2014. That ASR agreement settled in
January 2015, at which time we received approximately 3.5 million additional
shares of AIG Common Stock based on a formula specified by the terms of the ASR
agreement.  

 The timing of any future repurchases will depend on market
conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other
factor s. 

 AIG
Common Stock Offerings by the Department of the Treasury and AIG Purchases of
AIG Common Stock in 2012 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Through registered public offerings, the Department of the
Treasury disposed of all of its ownership of AIG Common Stock as of December
31, 2012, from ownership of approximately 92 percent (1.7 billion shares) prior
to the completion of the first registered public offering initiated by the
Department of the Treasury as selling shareholder in May 2011. During 2012, the
Department of the Treasury, as selling shareholder, completed registered public
offerings of AIG Common Stock on March 13 (the March Offering), May 10 (the May
Offering), August 8 (the August Offering), September 14 (the September
Offering) and December 14 (the December Offering). We participated as a
purchaser in the first four 2012 offerings. Each of these purchases was
authorized by our Board of Directors. 


 


 
  
   
   292 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 17. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
certain information relating to these offerings: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except
  share-price data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Price 
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares
  Sold 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares
  Purchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
 
   
   2012 Offerings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      March Offering 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   206,896,552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   103,448,276 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
 
   
      May Offering 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   188,524,589 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,573,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,000 
   
  
 
   
      August Offering 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   188,524,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,360,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
 
   
      September Offering 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   636,923,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   153,846,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,000 
   
  
 
   
      December Offering 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   234,169,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,610 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,455,037,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,228,855 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,000 
   
  
 


 Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a rollforward of Accumulated
other comprehensive income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Derivative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   on
  Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign  
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Arising
  from 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash
  Flow 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Impairments
   
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Were
  Recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (711) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (957) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,481 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,710 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (889) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         benefits * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (432) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net derivative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         gains arising from 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         cash flow hedging  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (886) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,889) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,096 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,446 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (403) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,044) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation (depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,069) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,605) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   873 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in
  net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (330) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,251 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (952) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,246) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,784) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   293 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 17. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *    The
adjustment to policyholder benefit reserves assumes that the unrealized
appreciation on available for sale securities is actually realized and that the
proceeds are reinvested at lower yields. 

 The
following table presents the other comprehensive income (loss) reclassification
adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Derivative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   on
  Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Arising
  from 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash
  Flow 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments
  Were 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,691 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (319) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,985 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   886 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,889 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,096 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,652) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   961 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,488) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,251) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of
  income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (866) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,908 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (864) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   294 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 17. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The
following table presents the effect of the reclassification of significant
items out of Accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line
items in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Amount Reclassified  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from Accumulated Other  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Comprehensive Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affected
  Line Item in the  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
  fixed maturity securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments
  were recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
  all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   669 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred acquisition costs adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization of deferred acquisition
  costs 
   
  
 
   
      Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior-service costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total reclassifications for the period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    These
Accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the
computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 22 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 18. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a rollforward of
noncontrolling interests: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-redeemable  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held
  by  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Department
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held
  by 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   FRBNY 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Distributions to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
      Deconsolidation 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive loss: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
         Other comprehensive income (loss),
  net of tax: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            Unrealized gains on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
           
  Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            income (loss), net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Total comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
      Distributions to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
 
   
      Consolidation (deconsolidation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive loss: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Other comprehensive loss, net of
  tax: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            Unrealized losses on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
            Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
         Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            loss, net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      Total comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   855 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   855 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment to Department of the
  Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,635) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,635) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
      Distributions to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
         Other comprehensive income (loss),
  net of tax: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            Unrealized gains on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
            Foreign currency translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
         Total other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            income (loss), net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Total comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   295 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 17. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Nonvoting, callable, junior preferred interests held by the
Department of Treasury  represented 
preferred interests in the AIA SPV and ALICO SPV. In connection with the
execution of our orderly asset disposition plan, as well as the repayment of
the FRBNY Credit Facility, we transferred two of our wholly-owned businesses,
AIA and ALICO, to two newly created SPVs in exchange for all the common and
preferred interests (the SPV Preferred Interests) of those SPVs. On December 1,
2009, AIG transferred the SPV Preferred Interests to the FRBNY in consideration
for a $25 billion reduction of the outstanding loan balance and of the maximum
amount of credit available under the FRBNY Credit Facility and amended the
terms of the FRBNY Credit Facility. As part of the closing of the
Recapitalization, the remaining SPV Preferred Interests, with an aggregate liquidation
preference of approximately $20.3 billion at January 14, 2011, were purchased
from the FRBNY by AIG and transferred to the Department of the Treasury as part
of the consideration for the exchange of our Series F Preferred Stock.  

 The common interests, which we retained, entitled us to 100
percent of the voting power of the SPVs. The voting power allowed us to elect
the boards of managers of the SPVs, who oversaw the management and operation of
the SPVs. Primarily due to the substantive participation rights of the SPV
Preferred Interests, the SPVs were determined to be VIEs. As the primary
beneficiary of the SPVs, we consolidated the SPVs. 


 


 
  
   
   296 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 18. NONCONTROLLING
INTERESTS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 As a result of the closing of the
Recapitalization on January 14, 2011, the SPV Preferred Interests held by the
Department of the Treasury were no longer considered permanent equity on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets, and were classified as redeemable noncontrolling
interests. As part of the Recapitalization, we used approximately $6.1 billion
of the cash proceeds from the sale of ALICO to pay down a portion of the
liquidation preference of the SPV Preferred Interests. The liquidation
preference of the SPV Preferred Interests was further reduced by approximately
$12.4 billion using proceeds from the sale of AIG Star, AIG Edison, Nan Shan,
and MetLife securities received in the sale of ALICO. During the first quarter
of 2011, the remaining liquidation preference of the ALICO SPV Preferred
Interests was paid in full. 

 The SPV Preferred Interests were measured at fair value on
their issuance date. The SPV Preferred Interests initially had a liquidation
preference of $25 billion and had a preferred return of five percent per
year compounded quarterly through September 22, 2013 and nine percent
thereafter. The preferred return is reflected in Net income from continuing
operations attributable to noncontrolling interests - Nonvoting, callable,
junior and senior preferred interests in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The difference between the SPV Preferred Interests’ fair value and the initial
liquidation preference was amortized and included in Net income from continuing
operations attributable to noncontrolling interests - Nonvoting, callable,
junior and senior preferred interests.  

 During the first
quarter of 2012, the liquidation preference of the AIA SPV Preferred Interests
was paid down in full.  

   

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Non-redeemable
noncontrolling interests  include the
equity interests of third‑party shareholders in  our consolidated
subsidiaries and includes the preferred shareholders’ equity in outstanding
preferred stock of ILFC, a wholly-owned subsidiary that was held for sale at
December 31, 2013 and 2012. The preferred stock in ILFC consisted of 1,000
shares of market auction preferred stock (MAPS) in two series (Series A
and B) of 500 shares each. Each of the MAPS shares had a liquidation value
of $100,000 per share and was not convertible. Dividends on the MAPS were
accounted for as a reduction of the noncontrolling interest. The dividend rate,
other than the initial rate, for each dividend period for each series was reset
approximately every seven weeks (49 days) on the basis of orders placed in
an auction, provided such auctions were able to occur.  The MAPS were
transferred as part of the sale of ILFC. 

 On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of International
Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to AerCap Ireland Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap).  See Note 4 – Held-For-Sale
Classification and Discontinued Operations for further discussion.  

 For
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Noncontrolling interests
balance declined by $237 million and $56 million, respectively,
primarily caused by distributions to noncontrolling interest . 








 19. EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The basic EPS computation is based on the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to reflect all stock dividends
and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is based on those shares used in the
basic EPS computation plus shares that would have been outstanding assuming
issuance of common shares for all dilutive potential common shares outstanding and
adjusted to reflect all stock dividends and stock splits.  

 The
following table presents the computation of basic and diluted EPS:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Numerator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
 
   
      Less: Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            Nonvoting, callable, junior and
  senior preferred interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
            Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
      Total net income (loss) from
  continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
      Income
  attributable to AIG common shareholders from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,437 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG
  common shareholders from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Net income attributable to AIG common
  shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   Denominator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474,171,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687,197,038 
   
  
 
   
      Dilutive shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,593,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,035,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,603 
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — diluted * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687,226,641 
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net Income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net Income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   297 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 18. NONCONTROLLING
INTERESTS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *    Dilutive
shares primarily result from share-based employee compensation plans and a
weighted average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of
the recapitalization in January 2011.  The number of shares excluded from
diluted shares outstanding were 0.3 million, 38 million and 78 million
for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, because the
effect of including those shares in the calculation would have been
anti-dilutive.      



 
  



 20. STATUTORY FINANCIAL DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents statutory net income
(loss) and capital and surplus for our Non-Life Insurance Companies and our
Life Insurance Companies in accordance with statutory accounting practices: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory net income (loss) (a)(b)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,377 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,440 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,701 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,801 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,818 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory capital and surplus (a)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,685 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,022 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,707 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,038 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,167 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,097 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,287 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,332 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   298 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8
/  note 19. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Excludes discontinued operations
and other divested businesses. Statutory capital and surplus and net income
(loss) with respect to foreign operations are as of November 30.  

 (b) Non-Life Insurance Companies did not recognize material
statutory gains related to legal entity simplification (restructuring) in 2014.
Non-Life Insurance Companies include approximately $8.0 billion of recognized
statutory gains related to legal entity simplification (restructuring) in 2013.
These recognized gains were largely offset by reductions in unrealized gains;
therefore, there was no material impact to total surplus. 

 (c) In aggregate, the 2013 Non-Life Insurance Companies and
Life Insurance Companies statutory net income (loss) and statutory capital and
surplus amounts increased by $1.1 billion and $557 million, respectively,
compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2013, due to finalization of statutory filings. 

 Our
insurance subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with
statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by domestic and foreign
insurance regulatory authorities. The principal differences between statutory
financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are that statutory financial statements
do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios may be carried at amortized cost,
investment impairments are determined in accordance with statutory accounting
practices, assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance,
policyholder liabilities are generally valued using more conservative
assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 

 For domestic insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum
required statutory capital and surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level
that would trigger regulatory action or minimum requirements per state
insurance regulation. Capital and surplus requirements of our foreign
subsidiaries differ from those prescribed in the U.S., and can vary
significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2014 and 2013, all domestic
and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded the minimum required
statutory capital and surplus requirements and all domestic insurance
subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required levels. 

 At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the use of prescribed
or permitted statutory accounting practices by our domestic and foreign insurance
subsidiaries did not result in reported statutory surplus or risk-based capital
that is significantly different from the statutory surplus or risk-based
capital that would have been reported had NAIC statutory accounting practices
or the prescribed regulatory accounting practices of their respective foreign
regulatory authority been followed in all respects for domestic and foreign
insurance entities. As described in Note 13, our domestic insurance subsidiaries
domiciled in New York and Pennsylvania discount non-tabular workers’
compensation reserves based on the prescribed or approved regulations in each
of those states. While these practices differ from applicable NAIC statutory
accounting practices, such practices do not have a material impact on our
statutory surplus and statutory net income (loss) or risk based capital. 

 The NAIC Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires U.S. life
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees (ULSGs). In addition,  NAIC  Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the
application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including certain ULSGs.  

 Domestic insurance subsidiaries manage the capital impact of
 statutory reserve requirements
 under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX
 through intercompany reinsurance transactions. The affiliated life insurers
providing reinsurance capacity for such transactions are fully licensed
insurance companies and are not formed under captive insurance laws. Under one
of these  intercompany reinsurance arrangements, certain
Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to new and in-force business
are ceded to an affiliated U.S. life insurer, which is a licensed life insurer
in the state of Missouri and an accredited reinsurer in the state of Texas. As
an accredited reinsurer, this affiliated life insurer is not required to post
any collateral such as letters of credit or assets in trust. 

 Under the other intercompany reinsurance arrangement,
certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to a closed block of
in-force business are ceded to an affiliated off-shore life insurer, which is
licensed as a class E insurer under Bermuda law.  Bermuda law permits the
off-shore life insurer to record an asset that effectively reduces the
statutory reserves for the assumed reinsurance to the level that would be
required under U.S. GAAP. Letters of credit are used to support the credit for
reinsurance provided by the  affiliated
 off-shore life insurer. The letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by
AIG Parent in the event of a drawdown. See Note 8 for additional information
regarding these letters of credit. 
 


 


 
  
   
   299 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. STATUTORY FINANCIAL DATA
AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payments of dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With
respect to our domestic insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend
requires formal notice to the insurance department in which the particular
insurance subsidiary is domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the
Superintendent of Financial Services, property casualty companies domiciled in
New York generally may not pay dividends to shareholders that, in any 12‑month
period, exceed the lesser of 10 percent of such company’s statutory
policyholders’ surplus or 100 percent of its “adjusted net investment
income,” for the previous year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions
applicable to both property casualty and life insurance companies exist in most
of the other states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under
the laws of many states, an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval
of the insurance regulator when the amount of the dividend is below certain
regulatory thresholds. Other foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of
our foreign insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory
restrictions also limit cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 

 Largely as a result of these restrictions, approximately $45.8
billion of the statutory capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance
subsidiaries were restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior
approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2014.  

 To our knowledge, no AIG insurance company is currently on
any regulatory or similar “watch list” with regard to solvency. 

 Parent Company Dividend Restrictions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our ability to pay dividends has not been subject to any
contractual restrictions since the cancellation of our Series G Preferred Stock
in May 2011. See Note 17 herein for additional information about our ability to
pay dividends to our shareholders. 








 21. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our share‑based
compensation expense: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - pre-tax * 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   457 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   286 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - after tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
 


 *    For the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, $86 million, $315 million and $286
million of pre-tax compensation expense was attributed to unsettled liability-classified
awards, the values of which are based on our share price at the reporting date.
Our share price was $56.01, $51.05 and $35.30 at December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively.  In addition, we recognized $120 million and $101 million
for immediately vested stock-settled awards issued to retirement eligible
employees in 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 Employee Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 During 2014 and 2013, our employees were issued awards under
the 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan, which is governed by the AIG 2013 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (2013 Plan).  The 2013 Plan replaced the AIG 2010 Stock
Incentive Plan (2010 Plan) as of May 15, 2013, but does not affect the terms or
conditions of any award issued under the 2010 Plan.  The 2013 Plan is currently
the only plan under which share-based awards can be made. 

 As of December 31, 2014, the Starr International Company,
Inc. Deferred Compensation Profit Participation Plans (the SICO Plans) are the
only legacy plans for which share-settled awards remain unvested. 

 Our share-settled awards are settled with previously
acquired shares held in AIG’s treasury. Share awards made by SICO are settled
by SICO. 

 
 


 
  
   
   300 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. STATUTORY FINANCIAL
DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2013 Plan was adopted at the 2013 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and provides for the grants of share-based awards to our employees
and non-employee directors.  The total number of shares that may be granted
under the 2013 Plan (the reserve) is the sum of 1) 45 million shares of AIG
Common Stock, plus 2) the number of authorized shares that remained available
for issuance under the 2010 Plan when the 2013 Plan became effective, plus 3)
the number of shares of AIG Common Stock relating to outstanding awards under
the 2010 Plan at the time the 2013 Plan became effective that subsequently are
forfeited, expired, terminated or otherwise lapse or are settled in cash.  Each
share-based unit granted under the 2013 Plan reduces the number of shares
available for future grants by one share.  However, shares with respect to
awards that are forfeited, expired or settled for cash, and shares withheld for
taxes on awards (other than options and stock appreciation rights (SARs)
awards) are returned to the reserve.   

 During 2014, performance share units (PSUs) and deferred
stock units (DSUs) were granted under the 2013 Plan and 50,206,557 shares are
available for future grants as of December 31, 2014.  PSUs were issued for
off-cycle grants, which are made from time to time during the year as sign-on
awards to new hires or as a result of a change in employee status. 

 AIG
2010 Stock Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2010 Plan was adopted at the 2010 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. The total number of shares of AIG Common Stock that could be
granted under the 2010 Plan was 60 million.  During 2013 and 2012, we granted
PSUs, DSUs, and restricted stock units (RSUs), under the 2010 Plan. Each PSU,
DSU, and RSU, awarded reduced the number of shares available for future grants
by one share. Subsequent to the adoption of the 2013 Plan in May 2013, no
additional grants were made under the 2010 Plan.  

 Share - settled Awards 

 AIG
2013 Long Term Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (2013 LTIP), adopted in
March 2013, provides for the annual grant of PSUs to certain employees,
including our senior executive officers and other highly compensated
employees.   Each recipient of an award is granted a number of PSUs (the
target) that provides the opportunity to receive shares of AIG Common Stock
based on AIG achieving specified performance goals at the end of a three-year
performance period.  These performance goals are pre-established by AIG’s
Compensation and Management Resources Committee for each annual grant and may
differ from year to year. The actual number of PSUs earned can vary from zero
to 150 percent of the target depending on AIG’s performance relative to a
specified peer group. Vesting occurs in three equal installments beginning on
January 1 of the year immediately following the end of a performance period and
January 1 of each of the next two years.  Dividends do not accrue on unvested
PSUs or underlying shares.  Recipients must be employed at each vesting date to
be entitled to share delivery, except upon the occurrence of an accelerated
vesting event, such as an involuntary termination without cause, disability, or
retirement during the vesting period.     

 SICO Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The SICO Plans provide that shares of AIG Common Stock
currently held by SICO are set aside for the benefit of the participant and
distributed upon retirement. The SICO Board of Directors currently may permit
an early payout of shares under certain circumstances. Prior to payout, the
participant is not entitled to vote, dispose of or receive dividends with
respect to such shares, and shares are subject to forfeiture under certain
conditions, including but not limited to the participant’s termination of
employment with us prior to normal retirement age. A significant portion of the
awards under the SICO Plans vest the year after the participant reaches age 65,
provided that the participant remains employed by us through age 65. The
portion of the awards for which early payout is available vests on the
applicable payout date. 

 SICO Plan awards issued in the form of restricted stock were
valued based on the closing price of AIG’s Common Stock on the grant date.
Although none of the costs of the various benefits provided under the SICO Plans
have been paid by us, we have  
 


 
  
   
   301 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 21. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 recorded compensation
expense for the deferred compensation amounts payable to our employees by SICO,
with an offsetting amount credited to Additional paid-in capital reflecting
amounts deemed contributed by SICO. 

 Non-Employee Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our non-employee directors, who serve on our Board of
Directors, receive share-based compensation in the form of fully vested
deferred stock units (DSUs) with delivery deferred until retirement from the
Board.  In 2014 and 2013, we granted to non-employee directors 28,477 and 25,735
DSUs, respectively, under the 2013 Plan and recognized expense of $1.5 million
and $1.2 million, respectively; in 2012, we granted 19,434 DSUs, under the 2010
Plan and recognized $0.6 million of expense. 

 Performance
Share Unit Valuation 

 The performance goals for long-term incentive awards granted
in 2014 are AIG’s total shareholder return (TSR) and change in credit default
swap (CDS) spread, weighted 75 percent and 25 percent, respectively, in each
case relative to a specified peer group. The goals for the 2013 awards are
AIG’s growth in tangible book value per share (TBVPS) (excluding accumulated
other comprehensive income) and TSR, weighted 50 percent each, in each case
relative to a specified peer group. The fair value of PSUs to be earned based
on AIG’s achieving growth in TBVPS and change in CDS spreads was based on the
closing price of AIG Common Stock on the grant date, discounted by the present
value of estimated dividends to be paid during the respective vesting periods. 
The fair value of PSUs to be earned based on AIG’s TSR relative to a specified
peer group was determined on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation. 

 The following table presents the assumptions used to
estimate the fair value of PSUs based on AIG’s TSR: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   1.13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   23.66 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   30.79 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   0.76 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) The
dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by Bloomberg
Professional service as of the valuation date. 

 (b) The expected
volatility is based on the implied volatilities of actively traded stock
options from the valuation date through the end of the PSU performance period
as estimated by Bloomberg Professional service. 

 (c)  The risk-free
interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the term between
the valuation date and the end of the performance period that is assumed to be
constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest data points on
the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date . 

 The following
table summarizes outstanding share - settled awards (a) : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Number of PSUs (b) /Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    Grant-Date Fair Value  
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
    SICO  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   SICO 
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
   5,195,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,195.05 
   
  
 
   
      Granted 
   
  
   6,882,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48.50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Vested 
   
  
   (3,566,014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,494) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45.21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85.60 
   
  
 
   
      Forfeited 
   
  
   (408,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,143) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41.59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,181.04 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year 
   
  
   8,102,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,312 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,191.01 
   
  
 


 (a) 
Excludes DSUs and options, which are discussed under the Non-Employee Plans and
Stock Options sections, respectively. 

 (b)  Represents
target number of PSUs granted, and does not reflect potential increases or
decreases that could result from the final outcome of the performance goals to
be determined after the applicable performance period ends.   

 At
December 31, 2014, the total unrecognized compensation cost (net of expected
forfeitures) for the unvested PSUs and unvested restricted stock was $185 million
and $19 million, respectively, and the weighted - average and expected period of years over which those costs
are expected to be recognized are 1.28 years and 4 years for the PSUs, and
5.28 years and 25 years for the restricted stock, respectively.  

 
 


 
  
   
   302 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 21. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Stock Options 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Options granted under the AIG 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and
the 1999 Stock Option Plan generally vested over four years (25 percent vesting
per year) and expire 10 years from the date of grant.  All outstanding options
are vested and out of the money at December 31, 2014. There were no stock
options granted since 2008. The aggregate intrinsic value for all unexercised
options is zero. 

 The
following table provides a roll forward of stock option activity:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Weighted 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Average 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Remaining 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
   Weighted
  Average 
   
  
   Contractual 
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year Ended December
  31, 2014 
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
   Exercise
  Price 
   
  
   Life 
   
  
 
   
   Options: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable at beginning of year 
   
  
   289,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,113.99 
   
  
   2.58 
   
  
 
   
   Expired 
   
  
   (87,515) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,290.22 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable at end of year 
   
  
   202,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,037.74 
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
 


 Cash-settled Awards  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Share-based cash-settled awards are recorded as liabilities
until the final payout is made or the award is replaced with a stock-settled
award. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting periods, unless the
award is fully vested on the grant date in which case the entire award value is
immediately recognized as expense.  

 Unlike stock-settled awards, which generally have a fixed
grant-date fair value (unless the award is subsequently modified), the fair
value of unsettled or unvested cash-settled awards is remeasured at the end of
each reporting period based on the change in fair value of one share of AIG
Common Stock. The liability and corresponding expense are adjusted accordingly
until the award is settled. 

 During the period we were subject to Troubled Asset Relief
Program (TARP) restrictions, we issued various cash-settled share-based grants,
including Stock Salary, TARP RSU awards, and other cash-settled RSU awards, to
certain of our most highly compensated employees and executive officers in the
form of restricted stock units that were either fully vested with payment
deferred, or subject to specified service and performance conditions.  After
the repayment of our TARP obligations in December 2012, all performance
conditions were satisfied; as a result, we no longer issue awards that are
subject to TARP restrictions. 

 Restricted Stock Units 

 Stock
Salary Awards 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Stock Salary was earned and accrued at the same time or
times as the salary would otherwise be paid in cash and is generally settled in
installments on the first, second or third anniversary of grant in accordance
with the terms of an employee’s award. Stock Salary grants were generally
issued in the form of fully vested RSUs and are settled in cash based on the
value of AIG Common Stock on the applicable settlement date. During 2014, 2013
and 2012, we paid $89 million, $180 million and $111 million,
respectively, to settle awards. For those awards that were vested and unsettled
at the end of each year, we recognized charges of $7 million, $73 million
and $173 million in compensation expense for the years ended December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to reflect fluctuations in the value of AIG
Common Stock.  At December 31, 2014, the number of vested but unsettled RSUs
totaled 742,317. 
  


 


 
  
   
   303 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 21. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 TARP and Other RSUs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 TARP RSUs awarded require the achievement of objective
performance metrics as a condition to entitlement. An award would have been
settled in 25 percent installments in proportion to the repayment of our TARP
obligations.   As a result of the repayment of our TARP obligations in December
2012, outstanding awards vest and settle in two 50 percent installments on the
second and third anniversary of the date of grant, along with other
cash-settled RSUs granted and issued in March 2013 and 2012.   

 Long
Term Incentive Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain employees were provided the opportunity to receive
additional compensation in the form of cash and cash-settled SARs under the
2011 LTIP or 100 percent cash for the 2012 LTIP if certain performance measures
were met.  The ultimate value of these awards was contingent on AIG achieving
performance measures over a two-year performance period and such value could
range from zero to twice the target amount. Subsequent to the performance
period, the earned awards were subject to an additional time-vesting period.
This results in a graded vesting schedule for the cash portion of up to two
years, while the SARs portion cliff-vests two years after the end of
performance period.    

 The cash portion of the awards expensed in 2014, 2013 and
2012 totaled approximately $57 million, $249 million, and $189
million, respectively. 

 The following table presents a roll forward of SARs and
cash-settled RSUs (excluding stock salary) as well as the related expenses: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Units 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   TARP
  RSUs (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other
  RSUs (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   SARs (d) 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   857,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,563,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,966,246 
   
  
 
   
      Granted 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Vested (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (529,049) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (382,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,521,171) 
   
  
 
   
      Forfeited 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89,417) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (160,166) 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,284,909 
   
  
 
   
   Net compensation expense for the year (in
  millions) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 


 (a) Total
unrecognized compensation and the weighted-average period for which it will be
recognized is $3 million and 0.55 year, respectively. 

 (b) Total
unrecognized compensation and the weighted-average period for which it will be
recognized is $13 million and 0.61 year, respectively.  

 (c)  Also includes
SARs for which vesting was accelerated for employees who became retirement
eligible or were deceased. 

 (d) The ending
balance represents awards granted under the 2011 LTIP that vested on January 1,
2015 and were automatically exercised. The value of a SAR as of December 31,
2014 was determined based on the excess of the fair value (as defined) of one
share of AIG Common Stock over the strike price of $37.40; the fair value was
$55.29 based on the average of the closing sale prices on each trading day
during the month of December 2014 in accordance with the plan provisions.  No
SARs are outstanding after January 1, 2015. 



 
  



 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Pension Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We offer various defined benefit plans to eligible employees. 

 The U.S. AIG Retirement Plan (the qualified plan) is a
noncontributory defined benefit plan, that is subject to the provisions of
ERISA. U.S. salaried employees who are employed by a participating company and
who have completed 12 months of continuous service are eligible to
participate in the plan. Effective April 1, 2012, the qualified plan was
converted to a cash balance formula comprised of pay credits based on six percent
of a plan participant’s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and
annual interest credits. In addition, employees can take their vested benefits
when they leave AIG as a lump sum or an annuity option after completing at
least three years of service.  However, employees satisfying certain age and
service requirements (i.e. grandfathered employees) remain covered under the
old plan formula, which is based upon a  
 


 
  
   
   304 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 21. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 percentage of
final average compensation multiplied by years of credited service, up to
44 years.  Grandfathered employees will receive the higher of the benefits
under the cash balance or final average pay formula at retirement.  Non-U.S.
defined benefit plans are generally either based on the employee’s years of
credited service and compensation in the years preceding retirement or on
points accumulated based on the employee’s job grade and other factors during
each year of service. 

 In the U.S. we also sponsor several non-qualified unfunded
defined benefit plans for certain employees, including key executives, designed
to supplement pension benefits provided by the qualified plan.  These include
the AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (AIG NQRIP), which provides a
benefit equal to the reduction in benefits under the qualified plan as a result
of federal tax limitations on compensation and benefits payable, and the
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), which provides additional
retirement benefits to designated executives. Under the SERP, an annual benefit
accrues at a percentage of final average pay multiplied by each year of
credited service, not greater than 60 percent of final average pay,
reduced by any benefits from the current and any predecessor retirement plans
(including the AIG NQRIP), Social Security, and any benefits accrued under a
Company sponsored foreign deferred compensation plan.   

 Postretirement Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We also provide postretirement medical care and life
insurance benefits in the U.S. and in certain non-U.S. countries. Eligibility
in the various plans is generally based upon completion of a specified period
of eligible service and attaining a specified age. Overseas, benefits vary by
geographic location. 

 U.S. postretirement medical and
life insurance benefits are based upon the employee attaining the age of 55 and
having a minimum of ten years of service. Eligible employees who have medical
coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon termination of employment. Medical
benefits are contributory, while the life insurance benefits are generally
non-contributory. Retiree medical contributions vary from none for pre-1989
retirees to actual premium payments reduced by certain subsidies for post-1992
retirees. These contributions are subject to adjustment annually. Other cost
sharing features of the medical plan include deductibles, coinsurance and
Medicare coordination. Effective April 1, 2012, the retiree medical
employer subsidy for the AIG Postretirement plan was eliminated for employees
who were not grandfathered.  Additionally, new employees hired after December
31, 2012 are not eligible for retiree life insurance. 

 The following table
presents the funded status of the plans reconciled to the amount reported in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The measurement date for most of the non-U.S.
defined benefit pension and postretirement plans is November 30,
consistent with the fiscal year end of the sponsoring companies. For all other
plans, measurement occurs as of December 31. 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Benefit obligation, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,882 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,161 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   217 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66 
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Plan amendment 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fair value of plan assets, beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,720 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   727 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Actual return on plan assets, net of
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG
  contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Funded status, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (858) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recognized in the balance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (858) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (425) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (858) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax amounts recognized in Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,667) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (908) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (204) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,467) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (674) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   305 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) We do not currently fund postretirement benefits. 

 (b) Includes non-qualified
unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit obligation was $325
million and $276 million for the U.S. and $295 million and $265 million
for the non-U.S. at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 The
following table presents the accumulated benefit obligations for U.S. and
non-U.S. pension benefit plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,683 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
 


 Defined
benefit plan obligations in which the projected benefit obligation was in
excess of the related plan assets and the accumulated benefit obligation was in
excess of the related plan assets were as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   PBO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
   ABO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,882 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,882 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   757 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   746 
   
  
     
   
  
   704 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   740 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the components of net periodic benefit cost with
respect to pensions and other postretirement benefits: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Components of net periodic benefit cost: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of net loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailment (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlement loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit cost 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (793) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   823 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit
  cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (915) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (447) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   306 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The estimated
net loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from Accumulated other
comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
are $141 million and $35 million, respectively, for our combined
defined benefit pension plans. For the defined benefit postretirement plans,
the estimated amortization from Accumulated other comprehensive income for net
loss and prior service credit that will be amortized into net periodic benefit
cost over the next fiscal year is a $10 million credit in the aggregate. 

 The annual pension expense in
2015 for the AIG U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans is expected to
be approximately $289 million.  A 100 basis point increase in the discount
rate or expected long-term rate of return would decrease the 2015 expense by
approximately $95 million and $47 million, respectively, with all
other items remaining the same. Conversely, a 100 basis point decrease in the
discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would increase the 2015
expense by approximately $104 million and $47 million, respectively,
with all other items remaining the same. 

 Assumptions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the weighted average
assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   3.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.04 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.83 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.34 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such
benefits. 

 The
following table summarizes assumed health care cost trend rates for the U.S.
plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Following year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   7.07% 
   
  
   7.21% 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   6.75% 
   
  
   6.80% 
   
  
 
   
   Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
 
   
   Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 


 A one
percent point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would have the
following effect on our postretirement benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase  
   
  
     
   
  
   Decrease  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 


 Our postretirement
plans provide benefits primarily in the form of defined employer contributions
rather than defined employer benefits. Changes in the assumed healthcare cost
trend rate have a minimal impact for U.S. plans because for post-1992 retirees,
benefits are fixed dollar amounts based on service at retirement. Our non-U.S.
postretirement plans are not subject to caps. 


 


 
  
   
   307 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents the weighted average
assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit costs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.83 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.34 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.62 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.67 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.86 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.62 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.02 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.51 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.61 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.91 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    The non-U.S. plans reflect those
assumptions that were most appropriate for the local economic environments of
the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 Discount Rate Methodology 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG
Retirement plan were discounted using the spot rates derived from the Mercer
Pension Discount Yield Curve at December 31, 2014 and 2013, which resulted in a
single discount rate that would produce the same liability at the respective
measurement dates. The discount rates were 3.95 percent at December 31, 2014
and 4.84 percent at December 31, 2013. The methodology was consistently applied
for the respective years in determining the discount rates for the other U.S.
plans. 

 In general, the discount rates for non-U.S. pension plans
were developed based on the duration of liabilities on a plan by plan basis and
were selected by reference to high quality corporate bonds in developed markets
or local government bonds where developed markets are not as robust or are
nonexistent. 

 The projected benefit obligation for Japan represents
approximately 47 percent and 51 percent of the total projected benefit
obligations for our non-U.S. pension plans at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The weighted average discount rate of 1.22 percent and 1.39 percent
at December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively for Japan was selected by reference
to the AA rated corporate bonds reported by Rating and Investment
Information, Inc. based on the duration of the plans’ liabilities. 

 Plan Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The investment strategy with respect to assets relating to
our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns
that will (a) provide for the benefit obligations of the plans over the
long term (b) limit the risk of short-term funding shortfalls and
(c) maintain liquidity sufficient to address cash needs. Accordingly, the
asset allocation strategy is designed to maximize the investment rate of return
while managing various risk factors, including but not limited to, volatility
relative to the benefit obligations, diversification and concentration, and the
risk and rewards profile applicable to each asset class.  The assessment of the
expected rate of return for all our plans is long-term and thus is not expected
to change annually; however, significant changes in investment strategy or
economic conditions may warrant such a change. 

 There were no shares of AIG Common Stock included in the
U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans assets at December 31, 2014 or 2013. 

 U.S.
Pension Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The long-term strategic asset allocation is reviewed and
revised approximately every three years. The plan’s assets are monitored by the
investment committee and actively managed by the investment managers, which
includes allocating the plan’s assets among approved asset classes within
pre-approved ranges permitted by the strategic allocation. 


 


 
  
   
   308 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 The following table presents
the asset allocation percentage by major asset class for the U.S. qualified
plan and the target allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The expected
long-term rate of return for the plan was 7.25 percent for both 2014 and
2013. The expected rate of return is an aggregation of expected returns within
each asset class category and incorporates the current and target asset
allocations. The combination of the expected asset return and any contributions
made by us are expected to maintain the plan’s ability to meet all required
benefit obligations. The expected asset return for each asset class was
developed based on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers of the
asset class returns in addition to historical returns, current market
conditions, asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Non-U.S.
Pension Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various
trusts in multiple countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed
maturity securities to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given
level of risk. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation
percentage by major asset class for Non-U.S. pension plans and the target
allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The assets of
AIG’s Japan pension plans represent approximately 55 percent and 60 percent of
total non-U.S. assets at December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively. The expected
long term rate of return was 1.24 percent and 1.15 percent, for 2014 and 2013,
respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment Committee on
a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment managers, and is
revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted funding levels if
necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in accordance with local
regulation every five years. 

 The expected weighted average long-term rate of return for
all our non-U.S. pension plans was 2.93 percent and 2.60 percent for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. It is an aggregation of
expected returns within each asset class that was generally developed based on
the building block approach that considers historical returns, current market
conditions, asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Assets Measured at Fair Value  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents information about our
plan assets and indicates the level of the fair value measurement based on the observability
of the inputs used.  The inputs and methodology used in determining the fair
value of these assets are consistent with those used to measure our assets as
discussed in Note 5 herein. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International investment
  grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. and international
  high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other
  asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other fixed maturity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investment types: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Hedge funds (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   337 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Private equity (g) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   356 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   711 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International investment
  grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. and international
  high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other
  asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other fixed maturity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investment types: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Hedge funds (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Private equity (g) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   292 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   302 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   309 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Includes index funds that primarily
track several indices including S&P 500 and S&P Small Cap 600
as well as other actively managed accounts composed of investments in large cap
companies. 

 (b) Includes investments in companies in emerging and
developed markets. 

 (c)  Represents investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government
issued bonds, U.S. government agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment
grade corporate bonds. 

 (d) Consists primarily of investments in securities or debt
obligations that have a rating below investment grade. 

 (e) Comprised primarily of investments in U.S. government
agency or U.S. government sponsored agency bonds. 

 (f)  Includes funds composed of macro, event driven,
long/short equity, and controlled risk hedge fund strategies and a separately
managed controlled risk strategy. 

 (g) Includes funds that are diverse by geography, investment
strategy, sector and vintage year. 

 The
inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on
our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at
December 31, 2014. 

 The U.S. pension plan holds a group annuity contract with
U.S. Life, one of our subsidiaries, which totaled $26 million and $27 million
at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 


 


 
  
   
   310 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Changes in Level 3 fair value measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents changes in our U.S. and
non-U.S. Level 3 plan assets measured at fair value: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   292 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
      Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   292 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 Transfers of Level 1 and
Level 2 Assets  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our policy is to record transfers of assets between
Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of each
reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair value.
Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted
with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets
are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and
frequency are indicative of an active market. We had no transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2014 and
2013. 

 Transfers
of Level 3 Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We record transfers of assets into or out of Level 3 at
their fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with the
date of the determination of fair value.  During the year ended December 31,
2014, we transferred certain investments in hedge funds into Level 3 as a
result of limited market activity due to fund-imposed redemption restrictions.  


 


 
  
   
   311 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Expected Cash Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Funding for the U.S. pension plan ranges from the minimum
amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount that would be deductible for
U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess of the minimum amounts are
deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum amount would be subject to
an excise tax and may not be deductible under the Internal Revenue Code. There
are no minimum required cash contributions in 2015 for the AIG Retirement
Plan.  SERP, AIG NQRIP, and postretirement plan payments are deductible when
paid to participants. 

 Our annual pension contribution in 2015 is expected to be
approximately $173 million for our U.S. and non-U.S. plans, including a $100
million contribution to the AIG Retirement Plan. These estimates are subject to
change, since contribution decisions are affected by various factors including
our liquidity, market performance and management’s discretion. 

 The expected future benefit payments, net of
participants’ contributions, with respect to the defined benefit pension plans
and other postretirement benefit plans, are as follows: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2020-2024 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 


 Defined Contribution Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S.
employees that provide for pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees.
The most significant plan is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the
Company’s matching contribution is 100 percent of the first six percent of a
participant’s contributions, subject to the IRS-imposed limitations. Our
pre-tax expenses associated with these plans were $156 million, $155 million
and $133 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively. 








 23. OWNERSHIP 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A Schedule 13G/A filed February 17, 2015 reports
aggregate ownership of 75,755,659 shares, or approximately 5.3 percent (based
on the AIG Common Stock outstanding, as adjusted to reflect the warrants
owned), of AIG Common Stock and warrants (51,283,896 shares plus 24,471,763
warrants) as of December 31, 2014, including securities beneficially owned, in
the aggregate, by Bruce R. Berkowitz and various investment vehicles managed by
Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.   

 A Schedule 13G/A filed on February 9, 2015 reports aggregate
ownership of 87,211,630 shares, or approximately 6.2 percent (based on the AIG
Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31, 2014, by
various subsidiaries of Blackrock, Inc.   

 A Schedule 13G filed on February 11, 2015 reports aggregate
ownership of 71,820,823 shares, or approximately 5.1 percent (based on the AIG
Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31, 2014, by The
Vanguard Group, Inc. and various subsidiaries thereof.   

 The calculation of ownership interest for purposes of the
AIG Tax Asset Protection Plan and Article 13 of our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation is different than beneficial ownership for Schedule 13G. 








 
 


 
  
   
   312 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 24. INCOME
TAXES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents income (loss) from
continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) by U.S. and foreign
location in which such pre-tax income (loss) was earned or incurred. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,839 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the income tax expense (benefit) attributable to
pre-tax income (loss) from continuing operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign and U.S. components of actual
  income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   484 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (275) 
   
  
 
   
      U.S.: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,295) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
 


 Our actual income
tax (benefit) expense differs from the statutory U.S. federal amount computed
by applying the federal income tax rate due to the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. federal income tax at statutory
   
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      rate adjustments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Tax exempt interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Investment in subsidiaries  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Uncertain tax positions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Dividends received deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Effect of foreign operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         State income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Effect of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Valuation allowance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            Continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,907) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated total amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   317.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27.9) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million  associated
with tax exempt interest income ,  $209 million
 related to a decrease in the U.S. Life
Insurance Companies’ capital loss carryforward valuation allowance,  $182 million  of income
excludible from gross income  
 


 
  
   
   313 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 related to the  global resolution of certain residential
mortgage-related disputes  and  $68 million  associated
with effect of foreign operations. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 3.8 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a decrease in  the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’  capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396
million related to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated
with foreign jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest
income.  These items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related
to uncertain tax positions.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012, the effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations was (27.9) percent. The effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to decreases in  the U.S. Life
Insurance Companies’  capital loss carryforward
valuation allowance of $1.9 billion related to the actual and projected gains
from  the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’  available-for-sale securities, and tax effects associated
with tax exempt interest income of $302 million.  These items were partially
offset by changes in uncertain tax positions of $446 million .
 

 The
following table presents the components of the net deferred tax assets
(liabilities): 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Losses and tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,203 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,825 
   
  
 
   
      Basis Differences on Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,843 
   
  
 
   
      Life Policy Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
 
   
      Accruals not currently deductible, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   888 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premium reserve reduction 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,451 
   
  
 
   
      Employee benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,803 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,003) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,396) 
   
  
 
   
      Flight equipment, fixed assets and intangible assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,354) 
   
  
 
   
      Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,795) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,693) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,550) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,014) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,789 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,596) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,193 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents our U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
credits carryforwards as of December 31, 2014 on a tax return basis. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effected 
   
  
     
   
  
   Periods 
   
  
 
   
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,021 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   2028 - 2031 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 - 2023 
   
  
 
   
   Other carryforwards and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses
  and credits carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset
Valuation Allowance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The evaluation of the recoverability of the deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the deferred tax  
 


 
  
   
   314 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 asset
will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the
extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that
exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to
support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 

 Our framework for assessing the recoverability of deferred tax
assets requires us to consider all available evidence, including: 

 •       the
nature, frequency, and amount of cumulative financial reporting income and
losses in recent years; 

 •       the
sustainability of recent operating profitability of our subsidiaries; 

 •       the
predictability of future operating profitability of the character necessary to
realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 •     
 the carryforward periods for the net operating loss, capital loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards, including the effect of reversing taxable
temporary differences; and,  

   

 •     
 prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies that
would be implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred
tax asset. 

 As a
result of sales in the ordinary course of business to manage the investment
portfolio and other transactions during the year ended December 31, 2014, remaining
U.S. Life Insurance Companies capital loss carryforwards were realized prior to
their expiration.  This, together with the changes in market conditions,
resulted in a conclusion that deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax
losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale portfolio will
more-likely-than-not be realized.  Accordingly, the related deferred tax
asset valuation allowance was released.  

 Therefore, for the year ended December 31, 2014, we
recognized a decrease of $1.8 billion in the capital loss carryforward
valuation allowance associated with the U.S. Life Insurance Companies, of which
$209 million was allocated to income from continuing operations and $1.6 billion
was allocated to other comprehensive income. Included in the $1.8 billion was a
decrease in the capital loss carryforward valuation allowance of $314 million related
to a portion of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital loss carryforward previously
treated as expired that was restored and utilized in 2014. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2014, we also recognized
a $325 million decrease in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance
associated with certain state, local and foreign jurisdictions, primarily
attributable to a corresponding reduction in state and local deferred tax
assets. 

 The following table presents the net deferred tax assets
(liabilities) at December 31, 2014 and 2013 on a U.S. GAAP basis: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net U.S. consolidated return group
  deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,543 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,296 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,510) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,337) 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,650) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,309 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,563 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,610) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,947) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal - Net U.S, foreign, state and
  local deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,925 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (594) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (732) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG net deferred tax assets
  (liabilities) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,193 
   
  
 


 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation
Allowance of U.S. Consolidated Income Tax Group 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2014, and 2013, our U.S. consolidated income
tax group had net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance of $18.9 billion
and $21.3 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2014, and 2013, our U.S.
consolidated income tax group had valuation allowances of $129 million and $1.7
billion, respectively.  


 


 
  
   
   315 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Deferred Tax Liability — Foreign, State
and Local 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had net deferred tax
liabilities of $159 million and $116 million, respectively, related to foreign
subsidiaries, state and local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic
subsidiaries that file separate tax returns. 

 At December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had deferred tax asset
valuation allowances of $1.6 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, related to
foreign subsidiaries, state and local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic
subsidiaries that file separate tax returns. We maintained these valuation
allowances following our conclusion that we could not demonstrate that it was
more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will be realized. 
This was primarily due to factors such as cumulative losses in recent years and
the inability to demonstrate profits within the specific jurisdictions over the
relevant carryforward periods.  

 Tax Examinations and Litigation 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return
with our eligible U.S. subsidiaries. Several U.S. subsidiaries included in the
consolidated financial statements previously filed separate U.S. federal income
tax returns and were not part of our U.S. consolidated income tax group. Income
earned by subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is taxed, and income tax
expense is recorded, based on applicable U.S. and foreign law. 

 The statute of limitations for all tax years prior to 2000
has expired for our consolidated federal income tax return. We are currently
under examination for the tax years 2000 through 2006. 

 On March 20, 2008, we received a Statutory Notice of
Deficiency (Notice) from the IRS for years 1997 to 1999. The Notice asserted
that we owe additional taxes and penalties for these years primarily due to the
disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross-border financing
transactions. The transactions that are the subject of the Notice extend beyond
the period covered by the Notice, and the IRS is challenging the later periods.
It is also possible that the IRS will consider other transactions to be similar
to these transactions. We have paid the assessed tax plus interest and
penalties for 1997 to 1999. On February 26, 2009, we filed a complaint in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking
a refund of approximately $306 million in taxes, interest and penalties paid
with respect to its 1997 taxable year. We allege that the IRS improperly
disallowed foreign tax credits and that our taxable income should be reduced as
a result of the 2005 restatement of our consolidated financial statements.  

 We also filed an administrative refund claim on September 9,
2010 for our 1998 and 1999 tax years.  

 On March 29, 2011, the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of New York, ruled on a motion for partial summary judgment that we
filed on July 30, 2010 related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits
associated with cross-border financing transactions. The court denied our
motion with leave to renew. 

 On August 1, 2012, we filed a motion for
partial summary judgment related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits
associated with cross border financing transactions. On March 29, 2013, the U.S
District Court for the Southern District of New York denied our motion for
partial summary judgment related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits
associated with cross border financing transactions. On March 17, 2014, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (the Second Circuit) granted our
petition for an immediate appeal of the partial summary judgment
decision.  Accordingly, we are presenting our position to the Second
Circuit. 

 We will vigorously defend our position and continue to
believe that we have adequate reserves for any liability that could result from
the IRS actions. 

 We continue to monitor legal and other developments in this
area and evaluate the effect, if any, on our position, including recent
decisions adverse to other taxpayers. 

 Accounting For Uncertainty in Income Taxes 


 


 
  
   
   316 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of the
beginning and ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized tax
benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,279 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
 
   
      Decreases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (796) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (264) 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
      Lapse in statute of limitations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,385 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
penalties, were $4.4 billion, $4.3 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively.  At
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax
positions that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate because
they relate to such factors as the timing, rather than the permissibility, of
the deduction were $0.3 billion, $0.1 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively. 
Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the amounts of unrecognized
tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate
were $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. 

 Interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax
expense. At both December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had accrued liabilities of $1.1
billion for the payment of interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties.
For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we accrued expense
(benefits) of $21 million, $142 million and $192 million, respectively, for the
payment of interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. 

 We regularly
evaluate adjustments proposed by taxing authorities. At December 31, 2014, such
proposed adjustments would not have resulted in a material change to our
consolidated financial condition, although it is possible that the effect could
be material to our consolidated results of operations for an individual
reporting period. Although it is reasonably possible that a change in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, based
on the information currently available, we do not expect any change to be
material to our consolidated financial condition. 

 Listed
below are the tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax
jurisdictions: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
   Open Tax
  Years  
   
  
 
   
   Major Tax Jurisdiction 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      United States 
   
  
   2000-2013 
   
  
 
   
      Australia 
   
  
   2010-2013 
   
  
 
   
      France 
   
  
   2012-2013 
   
  
 
   
      Japan 
   
  
            2008-2013 
   
  
 
   
      Korea 
   
  
            2009-2013 
   
  
 
   
      Singapore 
   
  
   2011-2013 
   
  
 
   
      United Kingdom 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 










 


 
  
   
   317 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 25. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Three Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,485 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,400 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations before income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   729 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,150 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations, net of income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,973 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations attributable to  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Nonvoting, callable, junior, and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            senior preferred interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Total net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,206 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,731 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,170 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings (loss) per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable to AIG common 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      shareholders: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.84 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.48 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.34 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.08 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.47 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.33 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
   1,459,249,393 
   
  
   1,476,471,097 
   
  
   1,442,397,111 
   
  
   1,476,512,720 
   
  
   1,419,239,774 
   
  
   1,475,053,126 
   
  
   1,391,790,420 
   
  
   1,468,725,573 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
   1,472,510,813 
   
  
   1,476,678,931 
   
  
   1,464,676,330 
   
  
   1,482,246,618 
   
  
   1,442,067,842 
   
  
   1,485,322,858 
   
  
   1,412,162,456 
   
  
   1,480,654,482 
   
  
 
   
   Noteworthy quarterly items -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (expense): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) on extinguishment of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (742) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
 


 *    Net
income attributable to AIG for the three-month period ended December 31, 2013
includes $327 million of net charges primarily related to income taxes to
correct prior 2013 quarters presented. Such amounts are not material to any
period presented. 

   

 The
following tables present amounts previously reported and adjusted amounts
presented in the above table. See Note 1 herein for a description of the
changes. 


 


 
  
   
   318 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 25. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Three Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30, 2014 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,654 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,697 
   
  
 
   
   Net income * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Three Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   March 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Previously Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   As
  Currently Reported 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,485 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,944 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,346 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,400 
   
  
 
   
   Net income * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,973 
   
  
 


 *    The changes in the previously and currently reported
total revenues did not have an impact on Net income or Earnings (loss) per
common share attributable to AIG common shareholders.  



 
  



 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following condensed consolidating financial statements
reflect the results of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH), a holding company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and unconditional guarantee
of all outstanding debt of AIGLH. 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   333,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   344,523 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   339,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   779 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98,661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   141,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,909) 
   
  
     
   
  
   158,057 
   
  
 
   
      Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (141,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270,615 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including
  intercompany balances (a)(c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   108,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,477 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   418,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,071) 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
 
   
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests (see
  Note 18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99,414) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99,414) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (141,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,752) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,617 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,561 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   327,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   334,811 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,752) 
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,074) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105,304) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   153,124 
   
  
 
   
      Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,536 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   503,696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (140,216) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,252 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including
  intercompany balances (a)(c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,766) 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,725 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   852 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,548 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   435,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   440,218 
   
  
 
   
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests (see
  Note 18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105,225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105,225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   503,696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (140,216) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   319 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 25. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 (a) Includes
intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at fair value before
credit valuation adjustment. 

 (b) Eliminated in
consolidation. 

 (c)  For December
31, 2014 and  2013, includes intercompany tax payable of $0.3 billion and $1.4 billion,
respectively, and intercompany derivative liabilities of $275 million and $249
million, respectively, for American International Group, Inc. (As
Guarantor) and intercompany tax receivable of $3 million and $98 million,
respectively, for AIGLH. 

 
 


 
  
   
   320 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,378) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,905 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,036) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net loss from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,665 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,638 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,075 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,125 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,025) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,713 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,711) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,012) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,754 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   321 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,285) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Change in fair value of ML III 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   (383) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,326 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,668) 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense on FRBNY Credit
  Facility 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (383) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,972 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   (383) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,323 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,437 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
 
   
   Income from discontinued operations, net
  of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Nonvoting, callable, junior and
  senior preferred interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   Total net income from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   Net Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total net income attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,493) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 
  
   
   322 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,719) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,855 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,285) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,096 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,531 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,796 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,531 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15,621) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,531 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   323 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations * 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG
   
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,104 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59,099) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58,110) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (946) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (882) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   (763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (477) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,215) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid  
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,701) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (607) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,430) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,094 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75,580) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77,887) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,055) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,081) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   751 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,842 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,194) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,591 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,973) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (245) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,513) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,659) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,905) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   997 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 
   
   Reclassification to assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (825) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,682 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,387 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,568) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,406 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77,699) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76,567) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,109) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (791) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (532) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,945 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,628) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,612 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,612 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,863) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,101) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,032) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,622) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,568) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,874) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,075) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,565) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,622) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,573) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,564) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   997 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   324 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 *     The
Other Subsidiaries and Reclassifications and Eliminations amounts were
disclosed together in prior periods. The new presentation had no impact on the
Consolidated AIG amounts. 

 
 


 
  
   
   325 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Condensed Consolidating Cash
Flow Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations * 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2014 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,656) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,367) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (719) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (737) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2013 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,963) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,782) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,856) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (635) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (796) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2012 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,089) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,820) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,037) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (440) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (447) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (189) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 *    The Other
Subsidiaries and Reclassifications and Eliminations amounts were disclosed
together in prior periods. The new presentation had no impact on the
Consolidated AIG amounts. 

 American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) supplementary
disclosure of non-cash activities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         in the form of bond available for
  sale securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,078 
   
  
 
   
         to subsidiaries through forgiveness
  of loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other capital contributions - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   579 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital and dividend
  received 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         in the form of cancellation of
  intercompany loan 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,303 
   
  
 
   
         in the form of other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,320 
   
  
 









   


 


 
  
   
   326 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 26. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 27. Subsequent events 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Debt Offering 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On January 15, 2015, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate
principal amount of 3.875% Notes due 2035 and $800 million aggregate principal
amount of 4.375% Notes due 2055. 

 Dividends Declared and Share Repurchase Authorization 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 12, 2015, our
Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per
share, payable on March 26, 2015 to shareholders of record on March 12, 2015.  

 On February 12, 2015, our Board of
Directors authorized an additional increase to the August 1, 2013 repurchase
authorization of AIG Common Stock of $2.5 billion, resulting in an aggregate
remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.5 billion. 








 

   

 


 
  
   
   327 
   
  
 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 27. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 
 Part II  

 


 

 ITEM 9 /  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 


 None. 

   

 

 ITEM 9A
/  CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES     

 


 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In connection with
the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was
carried out by AIG management, with the participation of AIG’s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2014. Based on this evaluation, AIG’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2014. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Management of AIG is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. AIG’s internal
control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of AIG’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of AIG’s financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 AIG management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 based
on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control – Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO).  

 AIG management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2014, our
internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria articulated
in the 2013  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO. 
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2014 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 There have been no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended December 31,
2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 


 


 
  
   
   328 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
   

 

 ITEM 9B / other information 

 


 AIG Parent was a party to a consolidated
capital maintenance agreement (CMA) with AIG Property Casualty Inc. and certain
domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies. The parties agreed to terminate the CMA
effective February 19, 2015. 

    

 

   

 


 
  
   
   329 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Part III 

 


 

 ITEM 10 /  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 


 All
information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Form 10-K
is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for AIG’s 2015
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than
120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to
Regulation 14A. 

 

 ITEM 11 /  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 


 See Item 10 herein. 

 

 ITEM 12 /  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 


 See Item 10
herein. 

 

 ITEM 13 /  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 


 See
Item 10 herein. 

 

 ITEM 14 /  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES 

 


 See Item 10
herein. 

 

 Part IV 

 


 

 ITEM 15
/  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 


 (a) Financial
Statements and Schedules. See accompanying Index to Financial Statements.  

 (b) Exhibits. See accompanying Exhibit Index.  

 
 


 
  
   
   330 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on
Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, on the 20th of February, 2015. 

                                                                                     AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

                                                                                     By                 /s/
PETER D. HANCOCK                              

                                                                                           (Peter
D. Hancock, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter D. Hancock and David L.
Herzog, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and
all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem
necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and
all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
indicated on the 20th of February, 2015. 

 

 
  
   
   Signature 
   
  
   Title 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                             /s/ PETER D. HANCOCK                           
   
  
   President, Chief
  Executive Officer and Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter D. Hancock) 
   
  
   (Principal Executive
  Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                               /s/ DAVID L. HERZOG                             
   
  
   Executive Vice President
  and Chief Financial Officer 
   
  
 
   
   (David L. Herzog) 
   
  
   (Principal Financial
  Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
                             /s/ JEFFREY M. FARBER                           
   
  
   Senior Vice President –
  Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Group Controller 
   
  
 
   
   (Jeffrey M. Farber) 
   
  
   (Principal Accounting
  Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ W. DON CORNWELL 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (W. Don Cornwell) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ PETER R. FISHER 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter R. Fisher) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ JOHN H.
  FITZPATRICK 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John H. Fitzpatrick) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ WILLIAM G.
  JURGENSEN 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William G. Jurgensen) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                          /s/ CHRISTOPHER S. LYNCH                        
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Christopher S. Lynch) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                            /s/ ARTHUR C. MARTINEZ                          
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Arthur C. Martinez) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                           /s/ GEORGE L. MILES, JR.                          
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (George L. Miles, Jr.) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                               /s/ HENRY S. MILLER                             
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Henry S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                              /s/ ROBERT S. MILLER                            
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Robert S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                        /s/ SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON                      
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Suzanne Nora Johnson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                         /s/ RONALD A. RITTENMEYER                       
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ronald A. Rittenmeyer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                         /s/ DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND                                                                      
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas M. Steenland) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ THERESA M. STONE 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Theresa M. Stone) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 

 

 


 
  
   
   331 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 


 


 
  
   
   332 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 

 
  
   
   
   Exhibit 
  Number 
   

   
  
 
   Description 
   

   
  
 
   Location 
   

   
  
 
   
   2 
   
  
   Plan of acquisition, reorganization,
  arrangement, liquidation or succession 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Master Transaction Agreement, dated as
  of December 8, 2010, among AIG, ALICO Holdings LLC, AIA Aurora LLC,
  the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the United States Department of the
  Treasury and the AIG Credit Facility Trust 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on December 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3 
   
  
   Articles of incorporation and by‑laws 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Amended and Restated Certificate of
  Incorporation of AIG 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  May 12, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   AIG By-laws, amended July 9, 2014 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on July 14, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   4 
   
  
   Instruments defining the rights of security
  holders, including indentures 
   
  
   Certain instruments defining the rights of
  holders of long-term debt securities of AIG and its subsidiaries are omitted
  pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. AIG hereby
  undertakes to furnish to the Commission, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Credit Agreement, dated as of
  September 22, 2008, between AIG and Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Warrant Agreement (including Form of
  Warrant), dated as of January 6, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank,
  N.A., as Warrant Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8‑K filed with the
  SEC on January 7, 2011 (File No. 1‑8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) Tax Asset Protection Plan, dated as of
  March 9, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Rights Agent,
  including as Exhibit A the forms of Rights Certificate and of Election to
  Exercise 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
  AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2011 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 8,
  2014, to Tax Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank,
  National Association, as Rights Agent. 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on January 8, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5) Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as
  of August 23, 2012, between AIG and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
  AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2012 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   9 
   
  
   Voting Trust Agreement 
   
  
   None. 
   
  
 
   
   10 
   
  
   Material contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) AIG Amended and Restated 1999 Stock
  Option Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as exhibit to AIG’s Definitive Proxy
  Statement dated April 4, 2003 (File No. 1-8787) and incorporated
  herein by reference. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement
  under the AIG Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2004 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) AIG Executive Deferred Compensation
  Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 4(a) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) AIG Supplemental Incentive Savings
  Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 4(b) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5) AIG Director Stock Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as an exhibit to AIG’s Definitive
  Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2004 (File No. 1-8787) and
  incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (6) Amended and
  Restated American General Supplemental Thrift Plan
  (December 31, 1998)* 
   
  
    Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.15 to American General Corporation’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (File
  No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (7) Letter Agreement, dated August 16,
  2009, between AIG and Robert H. Benmosche* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on August 17, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (8) Release and Restrictive Covenant
  Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2014, by and between Jay Wintrob and
  AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
  2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (9) AIG Amended and Restated Executive
  Severance Plan* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (10) Assurance Agreement, by AIG in favor
  of eligible employees, dated as of June 27, 2005, relating to certain
  obligations of Starr International Company, Inc.* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(6) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2005 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (11) Final Judgment
  and Consent with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the
  related complaint, dated February 9, 2006 
   
  
    Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
  with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (12) Agreement
  between the Attorney General of the State of New York and AIG and its
  Subsidiaries, dated January 18, 2006 
   
  
    Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
  with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (13) AIG Amended and
  Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
    Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.62 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (14) AIG Form of Stock Option Award
  Agreement* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.A to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
  333-148148). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (15) AIG Amended and Restated Form of
  Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock Units Award Agreement * 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (16) Form of AIG 2009 TARP RSU Award
  Agreement (Top 25)* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2009
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (17) Form of AIG Stock Salary Award
  Agreement* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on December 31, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (18) Memorandum of
  Understanding, dated November 25, 2009, between AIG, Maurice R.
  Greenberg, Howard I. Smith, C.V. Starr and Star International
  Company, Inc. 
   
  
    Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
  with the SEC on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (19) Second Amended and Restated Limited
  Liability Company Agreement of ALICO Holdings LLC, dated as of
  December 1, 2009, between AIG and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on December 1, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
     
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (20) Master Investment and Credit
  Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2008, among Maiden Lane
  III LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, AIG and the Bank of New
  York Mellon 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on December 2, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (21) Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of
  December 12, 2008, among the Sellers party thereto, AIF Securities
  Lending Corp., AIG, Maiden Lane II LLC and the Federal Reserve Bank of
  New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on December 15, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (22) AIG Credit Facility Trust Agreement,
  dated as of January 16, 2009, among the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
  and Jill M. Considine, Chester B. Feldberg and Douglas L. Foshee, as Trustees 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on January 23, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (23) 2009-2010 Stock Salary Award Agreement
  between AIG and Robert H. Benmosche, dated November 24, 2009* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (24) Restrictive Covenant Agreement between
  AIG and Robert H. Benmosche, dated
  November 24, 2009* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (25) Form of Reimbursement Agreement for
  Use of Corporate Aircraft* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on January 25, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 

 
 


 
  
   
   333 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   (26) Second Amended and Restated Credit
  Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2014, among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers
  party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
  Administrative Agent, and each Several L/C Agent party thereto. 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on June 19, 2014 (File No. 1-8787) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (27) American International Group, Inc.
  2010 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to AIG’s
  Definitive Proxy Statement, dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (28) AIG
  Amended Form of 2010 Stock Incentive Plan DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (29) Supplemental Determination
  Memorandum, dated February 5, 2010, from the Office of the Special
  Master for TARP Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (30) Release and Restrictive Covenant
  Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (31) Non-Competition and
  Non-Solicitation Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock, dated
  February 8, 2010* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (32) Supplemental Determination Memorandum,
  dated May 18, 2010, from the Office of the Special Master for TARP
  Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  10(105) to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
  2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (33) Amendment No. 1, dated as of
  March 7, 2010, to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
  Company Agreement of ALICO Holdings LLC 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  10(106) to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
  2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (34) Determination Memorandum, dated April
  1, 2011, from the Office of the Special Master for TARP Executive
  Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2011 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (35) Determination Memorandum, dated April 8, 2011,
  from the Office of the Special Master for TARP Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.109 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (36) Supplemental Determination Memorandum,
  dated October 21, 2011, from the Office of the Special Master for TARP
  Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.110
  to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (37) Supplemental Determination Memorandum,
  dated August 19, 2011, from the Office of the Special Master for TARP
  Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.111
  to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (38) Determination Memorandum, dated
  April 6, 2012, from the Office of the Special Master for TARP Executive
  Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2012
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (39)
  Determination Memorandum, dated May 9, 2012, from the Office of the Special
  Master for TARP Executive Compensation to AIG* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66
  to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) AIG Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) Amendment to the AIG Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) American General Corporation Supplemental
  Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to American
  General Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) Amendment Number One to the American General
  Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) Amendment Number Two to the American General
  Corporation’ Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of April
  19, 2011, by and among American Home Assurance Company, Chartis Casualty
  Company (f/k/a American International South Insurance Company), Chartis
  Property Casualty Company (f/k/a AIG Casualty Company), Commerce and Industry
  Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National
  Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New
  Hampshire Insurance Company, The Insurance Company of the State of
  Pennsylvania, Chartis Select Insurance Company (f/k/a AIG Excess Liability
  Insurance Company Ltd.), Chartis Specialty Insurance Company (f/k/a American
  International Specialty Lines Insurance Company), Landmark Insurance Company,
  Lexington Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American International
  Reinsurance Company, Ltd. and American Home Assurance Company, National Union
  Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company
  and Chartis Overseas Limited acting as members of the Chartis Overseas
  Association as respects business written or assumed by or from affiliated
  companies of Chartis Inc. (collectively, the Reinsureds), Eaglestone
  Reinsurance Company and National Indemnity Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) CMA Termination Agreement, dated as of October 31,
  2014, between AIG and American General Life Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) CMA Termination Agreement, dated as of October 31,
  2014, between American International Group, Inc. and The United States Life
  Insurance Company in the City of New York 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) CMA Termination Agreement, dated as of February 19,
  2015, among American International Group, Inc., AIG Property Casualty Inc.,
  AIU Insurance Company, American Home Assurance Company, AIG Assurance
  Company, AIG Property Casualty Company, AIG Specialty Insurance Company,
  Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company,
  Illinois National Insurance Co., Lexington Insurance Company, National Union
  Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company
  and The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed
  herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) Amended and Restated Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2014,
  between American International Group, Inc. and AGC Life Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to AIG’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) CMA Termination  Agreement, dated as of October
  31, 2014, between American International Group, Inc. and The Variable Annuity
  Life Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) Unconditional
  Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2013, between American
  International Group, Inc. and United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) Side Letter, dated
  as of August 1, 2014, to Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated
  as of July 1, 2013, between AIG and United Guaranty Residential Insurance
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) AIG 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance
  Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s
  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) AIG Clawback Policy* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s
  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) AIG 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) Form of 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan Award
  Letter* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s
  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) AIG Annual Short-Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Appendix B in AIG’s
  Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated April 4, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) Description of Non-Management Director
  Compensation* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to “Compensation of
  Directors” in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated March
  31, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) Description of Peter D. Hancock Compensation* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Item 5.02 of AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) AIG 2012 Executive Severance Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) AerCap Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of
  December 16, 2013, by and among AIG Capital Corporation, AIG, AerCap Holdings
  N.V., and AerCap Ireland Limited 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s
  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December
  16, 2013 by and among AIG, AerCap Ireland Capital Limited, AerCap Holdings
  N.V., AerCap Ireland Limited and certain subsidiaries of AerCap Holdings
  N.V., as guarantors. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s
  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2013 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
   11 
   
  
   Statement re: Computation of Per Share
  Earnings 
   
  
   Included in Note 19 to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed
  Charges 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of Registrant 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of Independent Registered Public
  Accounting Firm 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   24 
   
  
   Powers of attorney 
   
  
   Included on signature page and filed
  herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   31 
   
  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
  Certifications 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   32 
   
  
   Section 1350 Certifications** 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   99.02 
   
  
   Securities Registered pursuant to
  Section 12(b) of the Act 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files pursuant to
  Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance
  Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, (ii) the
  Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended December 31,
  2014, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years
  ended December 31, 2014, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
  Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2014, (v) the
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years
  ended December 31, 2014 and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
    Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   335 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
   

 *    This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan
or arrangement. 

 **   This information is furnished and not filed for purposes
of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 
 


 
  
   
   338 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in Related
Parties 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   which
  shown in 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
   the Balance Sheet
   
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,304 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,490 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,490 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,781 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,097 
   
  
 
   
      Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,676 
   
  
 
   
      All other corporate debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   113,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,476 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,051 
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   263,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   279,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   279,571 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities and mutual funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
         Banks, trust and insurance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,128 
   
  
 
   
         Industrial, miscellaneous and all
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
 
   
      Total common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,678 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   724 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities and mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,444 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,640 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, at cost
  (approximates fair value) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   336,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   358,108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   357,370 
   
  
 


 *    Original cost of equity securities and fixed
maturities is reduced by other-than-temporary impairment charges, and, as to
fixed maturity securities, reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization
of premiums or accretion of discounts. 


 


 
  
   
   339 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant 
   
  
 
   
   Balance Sheets — Parent Company
  Only 
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,965 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,561 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,526 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,220 
   
  
 
   
   Due from affiliates - net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,561 
   
  
     
   
  
   765 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,352 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,201 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,489 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,583 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax payable * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,419 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,312 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,533 
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,963 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,031 
   
  
 
   
   Loans from subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   852 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (includes intercompany
  derivative liabilities of $275 in 2014 and $249 in 2013) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,003 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,113 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,520) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,899 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,965 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,583 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated in consolidation. 

 See Accompanying
Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 


 


 
  
   
   340 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Income — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in undistributed net income
  (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,573) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,226) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,740) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividend income from consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,864 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,710 
   
  
 
   
      Interest income 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
 
   
      Change in fair value of ML III 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   806 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before
  income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,012) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,137) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,437 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG Parent
  Company 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   *   Eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Comprehensive
  Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,093 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,531 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   341 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Cash Flows — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating
  activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (825) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales and maturities of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,546 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,406) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,029) 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,081) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
 
   
      Payments received on mortgages and
  other loan receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,126 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,295 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,754 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,238) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,032) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,000) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,565) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary
  disclosure of cash flow information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the period
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,963) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,089) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions in the form of
  bond available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,078 
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions to subsidiaries
  through forgiveness of loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other capital contributions - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   579 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital *  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of bond
  available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loan receivable offset by
  intercompany payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,320 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital and dividend
  received in the form of cancellation of intercompany loan 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,303 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 
   
   *   Includes $4.8 billion return of
  capital from AIG Capital Corporation related to the sale of ILFC. 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   342 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 American International Group, Inc.’s (the Registrant)
investments in consolidated subsidiaries are stated at cost plus equity in
undistributed income of consolidated subsidiaries. The accompanying condensed
financial statements of the Registrant should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of American International
Group, Inc. and subsidiaries included in the Registrant’s 2014 Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (2014 Annual
Report on Form 10-K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
February 20, 2015. 

 The Registrant includes in its Statement of Income dividends
from its subsidiaries and equity in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated
subsidiaries, which represents the net income (loss) of each of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. 

 Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to
conform to the current period presentation. 

 The five-year debt maturity schedule is incorporated by
reference from Note 15 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Registrant files a consolidated federal income tax
return with certain subsidiaries and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax
group when making payments to the Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and
its subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant to a written agreement, a method of
allocating consolidated Federal income taxes. Amounts allocated to the
subsidiaries under the written agreement are included in Due from affiliates in
the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets. 

 Income taxes in the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets
are composed of the Registrant’s current and deferred tax assets, the
consolidated group’s current income tax receivable, deferred taxes related to
tax attribute carryforwards of AIG’s U.S. consolidated income tax group and a
valuation allowance to reduce the consolidated deferred tax asset to an amount
more likely than not to be realized. See Note 24 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

 The consolidated U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating
loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards and valuation allowance are
recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated U.S. Federal
income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries. Generally, as,
and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax attribute
carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be settled with
the subsidiaries. 

 
 


 
  
   
   343 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Supplementary Insurance Information 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  Unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Contract 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   Claims 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,325 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   829 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,156 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,200 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
  2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Written (b) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,044 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,209 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,928 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   (97) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,628 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,206 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,302 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,381 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,709 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,508 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes consolidation and elimination entries. 

 (b) Balances
reflect the segment changes discussed in Note 3 – Segment Information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
 


 
  
   
   344 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Reinsurance 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and for the
  years then ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Ceded
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   from
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Amount  
   
  
     
   
  
   to
  Net  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,033,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   853,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,419 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   946,743 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   825,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,833 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,514 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   947,951 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   458 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,647 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,054 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,917 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   345 
   
  
 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule V 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charged
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Activity
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge
  Offs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   740 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (205) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   484 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,907) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,036 
   
  
 


 *    Includes recoveries of amounts previously charged off
and reclassifications to/from other accounts. 




 


 
  
   
   346 
   
  
 



 
 
 
 
