
 10-K
 1
 kmb_201410k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 KMB_201410K 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K   x Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2014   or o Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from                    to         KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-225 39-0394230 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission file number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)       P.O. Box 619100, Dallas, Texas   75261-9100 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (972) 281-1200 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock—$1.25 Par Value   New York Stock Exchange (Title of each class)   (Name of each exchange on which registered) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes     x      No     o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes     o      No     x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     x      No     o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes     x      No     o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer   x   Accelerated filer                    o Non-accelerated filer     o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).           Yes   o      No   x The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on  June 30, 2014  (based on the most recent closing stock price on the New York Stock Exchange as of such date) was approximately  $41.6 billion . As of  February 11, 2015 , there were  365,468,649  shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock outstanding.   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain information contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for Kimberly-Clark's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  April 30, 2015  is incorporated by reference into Part III. KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS       Page Part I     Item 1. Business  1 Item 1A. Risk Factors  3 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  7 Item 2. Properties  7 Item 3. Legal Proceedings  8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  8         Executive Officers of the Registrant  8       Part II     Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  10 Item 6. Selected Financial Data  11 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  12 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  25 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  27 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  59 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  59 Item 9B. Other Information  61       Part III     Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  62 Item 11. Executive Compensation  62 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  62 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  63 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  63       Part IV     Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  64     Signatures  67         KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION -  2014 Annual Report PART I ITEM 1.    BUSINESS Kimberly-Clark Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in 1928. We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life through product innovation and building our personal care, consumer tissue and K-C Professional brands.  We are principally engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a wide range of products mostly made from natural or synthetic fibers using advanced technologies in fibers, nonwovens and absorbency.  Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms "Corporation," "Kimberly-Clark," "K-C," "we," "our" and "us" refer to Kimberly-Clark Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. For financial information by business segment and geographic area, including revenue, profit and total assets of each reportable segment, and information about our principal products and markets, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") and Item 8,  Note 18  to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted.  Kimberly-Clark’s prior period Consolidated Income Statements and related disclosures have been recast to present the results of the spun-off health care business (see further discussion below) as discontinued operations.  Segment results have also been recast to present net sales and operating profit by segment on a continuing operations basis. Recent Developments Spin-off of Health Care Business On October 31, 2014 (the "Distribution Date"), we completed the spin-off of our health care business, creating a stand-alone, publicly traded health care company, Halyard Health, Inc. ("Halyard"), with approximately  $1.7 billion  in annual net sales.  On the Distribution Date, each of our shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 23, 2014 (the "Record Date") received one share of Halyard common stock for every 8 shares of our common stock held as of the Record Date.  The distribution was structured to be tax free to our U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Halyard's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “HYH.”  After the distribution, we do not beneficially own any shares of Halyard common stock. The spun-off health care business is presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Income Statement for all periods presented.  The health care business' balance sheet, other comprehensive income and cash flows are included within our Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement through October 31, 2014.  See additional information related to the impact of the spin-off in Item 8,  Note 2  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 2014 Organization Restructuring In October 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business.  The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth.  The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be  $130  to  $160  after tax ( $190  to  $230  pre-tax).  Cash costs are projected to be approximately 80 percent of the total charges.  Workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of  1,100  to  1,300  and primarily impact salaried employees.  The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies.  See additional information in MD&A and Item 8,  Note 3  to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   Remeasurement of Venezuela Balance Sheet We remeasured our local currency-denominated balance sheet in Venezuela as of  December 31, 2014  at the year end floating SICAD II exchange rate of  50  bolivars per U.S. dollar, resulting in a non-deductible charge of  $462  in the Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended  December 31, 2014 .  Prior to  December 31, 2014 , we measured results in Venezuela at the official exchange rate of  6.3  bolivars per U.S. dollar.  See additional information in MD&A and Item 8,  Note 1  to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    1 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Description of Kimberly-Clark We are organized into operating segments based on product groupings.  These operating segments have been aggregated into three reportable global business segments.  Information on these three segments, as well as their principal sources of revenue, is included below. • Personal Care  brands offer parents a trusted partner in caring for their families and deliver confidence, protection and discretion to adults through a wide variety of innovative solutions and products such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products.  Products in this segment are sold under the Huggies, Pull-Ups, Little Swimmers, GoodNites, DryNites, Kotex, U by Kotex, Intimus, Depend, Plenitud, Poise and other brand names. • Consumer Tissue  offers a wide variety of innovative solutions and trusted brands that touch and improve people's lives every day.  Products in this segment include facial and bathroom tissue, paper towels, napkins and related products, and are sold under the Kleenex, Scott, Cottonelle, Viva, Andrex, Scottex, Neve and other brand names. • K-C Professional ("KCP")  helps transform workplaces for employees and patrons, making them healthier, safer and more productive, through a range of solutions and supporting products such as apparel, wipers, soaps, sanitizers, tissue and towels.  Key brands in this segment include Kleenex, Scott, WypAll, Kimtech and Jackson   Safety.   These reportable segments were determined in accordance with how our chief operating decision maker and our executive managers develop and execute our global strategies to drive growth and profitability of our worldwide personal care, consumer tissue and KCP operations.  These strategies include global plans for branding and product positioning, technology, research and development programs, cost reductions including supply chain management and capacity and capital investments for each of these businesses.  Products for household use are sold directly to supermarkets, mass merchandisers, drugstores, warehouse clubs, variety and department stores and other retail outlets, as well as through other distributors and e-commerce.  Products for away-from-home use are sold through distributors and directly to manufacturing, lodging, office building, food service, and high volume public facilities. Net sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. were approximately  13%  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Patents and Trademarks We own various patents and trademarks registered domestically and in many foreign countries.  We consider the patents and trademarks that we own and the trademarks under which we sell certain of our products to be material to our business.  Consequently, we seek patent and trademark protection by all available means, including registration. Raw Materials Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or fiber recycled from recovered waste paper, is the primary raw material for our tissue products and is a component of disposable diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads and incontinence care products. Polypropylene and other synthetics and chemicals are the primary raw materials for manufacturing nonwoven fabrics, which are used in disposable diapers, training and youth pants, wet wipes, feminine pads, incontinence products, and away-from-home wipers.  Superabsorbent materials are important components of disposable diapers, training and youth pants and incontinence care products.  Raw materials are purchased from third parties, and we consider the supply to be adequate to meet the needs of our businesses.  See Item 1A, "Risk Factors." Competition We have several major competitors in most of our markets, some of which are larger and more diversified than us.  The principal methods and elements of competition include brand recognition and loyalty, product innovation, quality and performance, price, and marketing and distribution capabilities.  For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors." Research and Development Research and development expenditures are directed toward new or improved personal care, tissue, wiping, safety and nonwoven materials.  Consolidated research and development expense was  $368  in  2014 ,  $333  in  2013  and  $335  in  2012 .    2 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Foreign Market Risks We operate and market our products globally, and our business strategy includes targeted growth in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, with a particular emphasis in China, Eastern Europe and Latin America.  See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of foreign market risks that may affect our financial results. Environmental Matters Total worldwide capital expenditures for voluntary environmental controls or controls necessary to comply with legal requirements relating to the protection of the environment at our facilities are expected to be as follows:   2015   2016 Facilities in U.S. $ 9   $ 2 Facilities outside U.S. 41   10 Total $ 50   $ 12 Total worldwide operating expenses for environmental compliance, including pollution control equipment operation and maintenance costs, governmental payments, and research and engineering costs are expected to be as follows:   2015   2016 Facilities in U.S. $ 67   $ 70 Facilities outside U.S. 58   62 Total $ 125   $ 132 Total environmental capital expenditures and operating expenses are not expected to have a material effect on our total capital and operating expenditures, consolidated earnings or competitive position.  Current environmental spending estimates could be modified as a result of changes in our plans, changes in legal requirements, including any requirements related to global climate change, or other factors. Employees In our worldwide consolidated operations, we had approximately  43,000  employees as of  December 31, 2014 . Available Information We make financial information, news releases and other information available on our corporate website at  www.kimberly-clark.com .  Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on this website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file these reports and amendments with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").  The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC.  Stockholders may also contact Stockholder Services, P.O. Box 612606, Dallas, Texas 75261-2606 or call 972-281-1522 to obtain a hard copy of these reports without charge. ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control.  Any of the risks discussed below, as well as factors described in other places in this Form 10-K, or in our other filings with the SEC, could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  In addition, these items could cause our future results to differ from those in any of our forward-looking statements.  These risks are not the only ones we face.  Other risks that we do not presently know about or that we presently believe are not material could also adversely affect us. Intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets against well-known, branded products and low-cost or private label products.  Inherent risks in our competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of consolidation within retailer and distribution channels, and competitors' actions.  Our competitors for these markets include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers.  Some of these competitors may have     3 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report better access to financial resources and greater market penetration, which enable them to offer a wider variety of products and services at more competitive prices.  Alternatively, some of these competitors may have significantly lower product development and manufacturing costs, particularly with respect to private label products, allowing them to offer products at a lower price.  The actions of these competitors could adversely affect our financial results.  It may be necessary for us to lower prices on our products and increase spending on advertising and promotions, which could adversely affect our financial results. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products.  Demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products, low birth rates in certain countries due to slow economic growth or other factors, negative consumer response to pricing actions or changes in consumer trends or habits.  If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease.   Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection.  In addition, we incur substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies.  The introduction of a new consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace.  If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position.  Some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions.  We may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products. Our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including foreign exchange risk, currency restrictions and political, social and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results. Our strategy includes growing our operations outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Latin America and Eastern Europe.  More than half of our net sales are generated from markets outside the U.S.  We and our equity companies have manufacturing facilities in  38  countries, with products sold in more than  175  countries.  Our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks: • Exposure to the movement of various currencies against each other and the U.S. dollar.  A portion of the exposures, arising from transactions and commitments denominated in non-local currencies, is systematically managed through foreign currency forward and swap contracts.  We do not generally hedge our translation exposure with respect to foreign operations. • Increases in dollar-based input costs for operations outside the U.S. due to weaker foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar.  There can be no assurance that we will be protected against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. • Increases in currency exchange restrictions.  These restrictions could limit our ability to repatriate earnings from outside the U.S. • Adverse political conditions.  Risks related to political instability, expropriation, new or revised legal or regulatory constraints, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, and potentially adverse tax consequences would adversely affect our financial results.   The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  See Recent Developments, MD&A and Item 8,  Note 1  for information about the effects of currency restrictions and related exposures in Venezuela. Increasing dependence on key retailers in developed markets and the emergence of new sales channels may adversely affect our business. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters.  With the consolidation of retail trade, especially in developed markets such as the U.S., Europe and Australia, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers, including large-format retailers, may have significant bargaining power.  They may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability.  We may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers,     4 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social and other sustainability issues, and other conditions.  If we lose a significant customer or if sales of our products to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.  In addition, the emergence of new sales channels may affect customer preferences and market dynamics and could adversely impact our financial results.  These new channels include sales of consumer and other products via e-commerce, as well as the growth of large-format retailers and discounters that exclusively sell private-label products. Significant increases in prices for raw materials, energy, transportation and other necessary supplies and services, without corresponding increases in our selling prices, could adversely affect our financial results. Increases in the cost and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, supplier constraints, an inability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered waste paper, is used extensively in our tissue products and is subject to significant price fluctuations.  Cellulose fiber, in the form of fluff pulp, is a key component in our personal care products.  In recent years, pulp prices have experienced significant volatility, and this volatility is expected to continue.  Increases in pulp prices or limits in the availability of recycled fiber could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted or if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices.  We have not used derivative instruments to manage these risks. A number of our products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads, incontinence care products and disposable wipes, contain certain materials that are principally derived from petroleum.  These materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors, with these prices experiencing significant volatility in recent years.  We purchase these materials from a number of suppliers.  Significant increases in prices for these materials could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted, if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials, or if we do not utilize lower priced substitutes for these materials.  Generally, we have not used derivative instruments to manage these risks. Our manufacturing operations utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels.  To ensure we use all forms of energy efficiently and cost-effectively, we maintain energy efficiency improvement programs at our manufacturing sites.  Our contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration.  Our energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions (including actions taken to address climate change and related market responses).  There can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources.  We use derivative instruments to manage a portion of natural gas price risk in accordance with our risk management policy. Disruption in our supply chain or the failure of third-party providers to satisfactorily perform could adversely impact our operations . We operate on a global scale and therefore our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations.  These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, pandemics, import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events, governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products.  This interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address. In addition, third parties manufacture some of our products and provide certain administrative services.  Disruptions or delays at these third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our vendors, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. There is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be successful. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist.  In addition, we expect ongoing cost savings from our continuous improvement activities.  We anticipate these cost savings will result from     5 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of our business segments and in our corporate functions.  If we cannot successfully implement our cost saving and restructuring plans, we may not realize all anticipated benefits.  Any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect our financial results. In October 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business.  The successful implementation of this program presents significant organizational challenges, including successfully managing the relationship with Halyard, and we may not be able to realize all of the expected benefits of the program.  Any failure to implement our restructuring plan in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. New or revised future legal or regulatory requirements, potential litigation or administrative actions, or tax matters could have an adverse effect on our financial results. As a global company, we are subject to many laws and governmental regulations, including regulations by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and comparable foreign agencies, as well as potential litigation or administrative actions.  Additionally, our sales and results of operations may be adversely impacted by new or revised legal requirements, including excise or other taxes, financial reform legislation and regulations, export control and foreign sanctions legislation, and climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations.  The costs and other effects of pending litigation and administrative actions against us and new legal requirements cannot be determined with certainty.  For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs to us, directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent suppliers increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs or reduced availability of raw materials.  Adverse regulatory action, including a recall, regulatory or other governmental investigation, or product liability or other litigation may adversely affect our financial condition and business operations.  We are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally.  Many of these jurisdictions face budgetary shortfalls or have unpredictable enforcement activity.  Increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after-tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Although we believe that none of these proceedings or requirements will have a material adverse effect on us, the outcome of these proceedings or effects of new legal or income tax requirements may not be as expected.  Damage to the reputation of Kimberly-Clark or to one or more of our brands could adversely affect our business. Developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with consumers, customers, suppliers and others.  Our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including concerns about product safety, quality, efficacy or similar matters, or breaches of consumer, customer, supplier, employee or other confidential information, real or perceived, could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products and brands, and our business and financial results could suffer.  Our business and results could also be negatively impacted by the effects of a significant product recall, product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or contamination, the distribution and sale of counterfeit products, or a failure or breach of our information technology systems.   If our information technology systems suffer interruptions, failures or breaches, our business operations could be disrupted and we could face financial and reputational damage. Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business.  These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks.  While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime also pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems.  Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee or investor     6 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report information maintained in the ordinary course of our business.  Any such event could cause damage to our reputation, loss of valuable information or loss of revenue and could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, or to protect against similar future events.  We may divest or acquire product lines or businesses, which could impact our results. We periodically divest product lines or businesses, including the current year spin-off of our health care business.  These divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, mitigate corporate overhead costs allocated to those businesses, or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures.  Furthermore, the divestitures could adversely affect our ongoing business operations, including by enhancing our competitors' positions or reducing consumer confidence in our ongoing brands and products. We may pursue acquisitions of product lines or businesses from third parties.  Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns.  We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we may acquire in the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage divestitures and acquisitions with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The spin-off of our health care business could result in substantial tax liability to us and our shareholders. Historically, the IRS provided companies seeking to perform a spin-off transaction with an advance ruling that the proposed spin-off transaction would qualify for tax-free treatment.  However, the IRS no longer provides such advance rulings.  Prior to completing the spin-off of our health care business, we obtained an opinion of counsel that neither we nor our U.S. shareholders will recognize taxable income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the spin-off.  The opinion of counsel is based on certain statements and representations made by us, which, if incomplete or inaccurate in any material respect, could invalidate the opinion of counsel.  In addition, this opinion is not binding on the IRS.  Accordingly, the IRS or the courts may reach conclusions with respect to the spin-off that are different from the conclusions reached in the opinion of counsel.  If the spin-off and certain related transactions were determined to be taxable, we would be subject to a substantial tax liability.  In addition, if the spin-off were deemed taxable, each U.S. holder of our common stock who received shares of Halyard would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received. ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES At  December 31, 2014  we own or lease: • our principal executive offices located in the Dallas, Texas metropolitan area; • four operating segment and geographic headquarters at two U.S. and two international locations; and • four  administrative centers at one U.S. and three international locations.    7 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report The locations of our and our equity affiliates' principal production facilities by major geographic areas of the world are as follows:   Geographic Area : Number of Facilities United States (in 15 states) 17 Europe 12 Asia, Latin America and other 63 Worldwide Total (in 38 countries) 92 Many of these facilities produce multiple products.  Consumer tissue and KCP products are produced in  56  facilities and personal care products are produced in  48  facilities.  We believe that our and our equity affiliates' facilities are suitable for their purpose, adequate to support their businesses and well maintained. ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  See Item 8,  Note 14  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on legal proceedings, which is incorporated in this Item 3 by reference. ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The names and ages of our executive officers as of  February 18, 2015 , together with certain biographical information, are as follows: Mark A. Buthman , 54, was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2003.  Mr. Buthman joined Kimberly-Clark in 1982.  He has held various positions of increasing responsibility in operations, finance and strategic planning.  Mr. Buthman was appointed Vice President of Strategic Planning and Analysis in 1997 and Vice President of Finance in 2002.  He is a director of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. and Pavillon, International. Thomas J. Falk , 56, was elected Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in 2003 and President and Chief Executive Officer in 2002.  Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer since 1999.  Mr. Falk previously had been elected Group President - Global Tissue, Pulp and Paper in 1998, where he was responsible for Kimberly-Clark's global tissue businesses. Earlier in his career, Mr. Falk had responsibility for Kimberly-Clark's North American Infant Care, Child Care and Wet Wipes businesses. Mr. Falk joined Kimberly-Clark in 1983 and has held other senior management positions.  He has been a director of Kimberly-Clark since 1999.  He also serves on the board of directors of Lockheed Martin Corporation, Catalyst Inc., the Global Consumer Goods Forum, and the University of Wisconsin Foundation, and serves as a governor of the Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Lizanne C. Gottung , 58, was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in 2002.  She is responsible for leading the design and implementation of all human capital strategies for Kimberly-Clark, including global compensation and benefits, talent management, diversity and inclusion, organizational effectiveness and corporate health services.  Ms. Gottung joined Kimberly-Clark in 1981.  She has held a variety of human resources, manufacturing and operational roles of increasing responsibility, including Vice President of Human Resources from 2001 to 2002.  She is a director of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. Michael D. Hsu , 50, was elected Group President - K-C North America in May 2013.  From 2012 to May 2013, his title was Group President - North America Consumer Products.  He is responsible for our consumer business in North America, as well as leading the development of new business strategies for global nonwovens.  Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, Mr. Hsu served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Kraft Foods, Inc., a North American grocery manufacturing and processing conglomerate, from January 2012 to July 2012, as President of Sales, Customer Marketing and Logistics from 2010     8 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report to 2012 and as President of its grocery business unit from 2008 to 2010.  Prior to that, Mr. Hsu served as President and Chief Operating Officer, Foodservice at H. J. Heinz Company, a manufacturer and marketer of food products. Thomas J. Mielke , 56, was elected Senior Vice President - General Counsel in November 2013.  From 2007 to 2012, his title was Senior Vice President - Law and Government Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer, and from 2012 to 2013, his title was Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer.  His responsibilities include our legal affairs, internal audit and government relations activities.  Mr. Mielke joined Kimberly-Clark in 1988.  He held various positions within the legal function and was appointed Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel in 2000, and Vice President and Chief Counsel - North Atlantic Consumer Products in 2004. Anthony J. Palmer , 55, was elected President - Global Brands and Innovation in 2012.  Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from 2006 to 2012.  He leads the global development of the company's consumer categories through marketing, innovations, category and customer development, shopper marketing and lean cost transformation.  In addition, he leads the company's global marketing, innovation, corporate research and development and corporate communications functions.  Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark in 2006, he served in a number of senior marketing and general management roles at the Kellogg Company, a producer of cereal and convenience foods, from 2002 to 2006, including as managing director of Kellogg's U.K. business.  He is a director of The Hershey Company. Elane B. Stock , 50, was elected Group President - K-C International in April 2014.  She is responsible for our businesses in Asia, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  She previously served as Group President - K-C Professional from 2013 to 2014.  From 2012 to 2013, her title was President - Global K-C Professional.  She also served as Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer from 2010 to 2012.  Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, Ms. Stock served as National Vice President of Strategy for the American Cancer Society from 2008 to 2010. From 2007 to 2008, she was a regional manager at Georgia-Pacific Corporation (Koch Industries).  Ms. Stock was a partner at McKinsey & Company, Inc. in Ireland from 2005 to 2007.  She is a director of Yum! Brands, Inc. Kimberly K. Underhill , 50, was appointed President of K-C Professional in April 2014.  From 2011 to 2014, she served as President, Consumer Europe.  She is responsible for our global professional business, which includes commercial tissue and wipers, and skin care, safety and Do-It-Yourself products.  She joined Kimberly-Clark in 1988 and has held a number of positions with increasing responsibility within research and engineering, operations and marketing.     9 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The dividend and market price data included in Item 7, MD&A "Unaudited Quarterly Data," are incorporated in this Item 5 by reference. Quarterly dividends have been paid continually since 1935.  Dividends have been paid on or about the second business day of January, April, July and October.   Kimberly-Clark common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  The ticker symbol is KMB. As of  February 11, 2015 , we had  24,076  holders of record of our common stock. For information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. We repurchase shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs.  During  2014 , we repurchased  18  million shares of our common stock at a cost of  $2.0  billion through a broker in the open market. The following table contains information for shares repurchased during the  fourth  quarter of  2014 .  None of the shares in this table were repurchased directly from any of our officers or directors. Period (2014)   Total Number of Shares Purchased (a)   Average Price Paid Per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs   October 1 to October 31   358,000   $ 107.14   39,407,811   10,592,189   November 1 to November 30   3,395,000   113.31   42,802,811   47,197,189 (b) December 1 to December 31   3,867,300   115.30   46,670,111   43,329,889 (b) Total   7,620,300               (a) Share repurchases were made pursuant to a share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on January 21, 2011.  This program allows for the repurchase of 50 million shares in an amount not to exceed $5 billion (the "2011 Program"). (b) Includes shares available under the 2011 Program, as well as shares available under a share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on November 13, 2014 that allows for the repurchase of 40 million shares in an amount not to exceed $5 billion.    10 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Prior period amounts from the Consolidated Income Statements have been recast to present the results of the spun-off health care business as discontinued operations.   Year Ended December 31   2014 (a)   2013 (b)   2012 (c)   2011 (d)   2010 (e) Net Sales $ 19,724   $ 19,561   $ 19,467   $ 19,268   $ 18,323 Gross Profit 6,683   6,609   6,129   5,539   5,981 Operating Profit 2,521   2,903   2,377   2,152   2,533 Share of Net Income of Equity Companies 146   205   177   161   181 Income from Continuing Operations 1,545   2,018   1,627   1,495   1,804 Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes 50   203   201   189   139 Net Income 1,595   2,221   1,828   1,684   1,943 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests in Continuing Operations (69 )   (79 )   (78 )   (93 )   (100 ) Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 1,526   2,142   1,750   1,591   1,843 Per Share Basis                   Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation                   Basic                   Continuing operations 3.94   5.05   3.94   3.54   4.13 Discontinued operations 0.13   0.53   0.51   0.48   0.34 Net income 4.07   5.58   4.45   4.02   4.47                     Diluted                   Continuing operations 3.91   5.01   3.91   3.52   4.11 Discontinued operations 0.13   0.52   0.51   0.47   0.34 Net income 4.04   5.53   4.42   3.99   4.45                     Cash Dividends Per Share                   Declared 3.36   3.24   2.96   2.80   2.64 Paid 3.33   3.17   2.92   2.76   2.58                     Total Assets 15,526   18,919   19,873   19,373   19,864 Long-Term Debt 5,630   5,386   5,070   5,426   5,120 Total Stockholders' Equity 999   5,140   5,287   5,529   6,202 (a) Results include pre-tax charges of  $133 ,  $95  after tax, related to the 2014 organization restructuring, pre-tax charges of  $33 ,  $30  after tax, related to the European strategic changes, a non-deductible charge of  $462  related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet and a non-deductible charge of  $35 ,  $17  attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation, related to a regulatory dispute in the Middle East.  Additionally, results were negatively impacted by pre-tax charges of  $157 ,  $138  after tax, for transaction and related costs associated with the spin-off of the health care business (classified in discontinued operations).  See Item 8, Notes  1  through  4  of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the charges for the Venezuela devaluation and restructuring programs. (b) Results include pre-tax charges of  $81 ,  $66  after tax, related to the European strategic changes.  Additionally, results were negatively impacted by a  $36  pre-tax charge,  $26  after tax, related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar.  See Item 8, Notes  1  and  4  of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. (c) Results include pre-tax charges of  $299 ,  $242  after tax, related to the European strategic changes.  Additionally, results were negatively impacted by  $135  in pre-tax charges,  $86  after tax, for the pulp and tissue restructuring actions.  See Item 8, Notes  4  and  5  of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. (d) Results include a non-deductible business tax charge related to a law change in Colombia of  $35 , as well as the effect of pulp and tissue restructuring pre-tax charges of  $415 ,  $289  after tax.  See Item 8, Note  5  of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the restructuring program. (e) Results include the impact of a pre-tax charge of $98, $96 after tax, related to the adoption of highly inflationary accounting in Venezuela.    11 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Introduction This MD&A is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition and prospects.  The following will be discussed and analyzed: • Overview of Business • Overview of  2014  Results • Results of Operations and Related Information • Unaudited Quarterly Data • Liquidity and Capital Resources • Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates • Legal Matters • Business Outlook • Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted.  We completed the spin-off of our health care business on October 31, 2014 (see further discussion below).  As a result, the health care business is presented as discontinued operations on the Consolidated Income Statement for all periods presented, and prior period Consolidated Income Statements and related disclosures have been recast accordingly.  The health care business' balance sheet, other comprehensive income and cash flows are included within our Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement through October 31, 2014.  Segment results have also been recast to present net sales and operating profit by segment on a continuing operations basis. Overview of Business We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in  35  countries and products sold in more than  175  countries.  Our products are sold under well-known brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend.  We have three reportable global business segments: Personal Care, Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional ("KCP").  These global business segments are described in greater detail in Item 8,  Note 18  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In operating our global business, we seek to: • manage our portfolio to balance growth, margin and cash flow,  • invest in our brands, innovation and growth initiatives,  • deliver sustainable cost reductions, and  • provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders.    Key strategies for our segments include:  • We plan to grow our strong positions in personal care by leveraging our brands and providing innovations.   • For consumer tissue, we seek to bring differentiated, value-added innovations to grow and strengthen our brands while focusing on net realized revenue, improving mix and reducing costs.   • We plan to continue to shift our mix to faster-growing, higher-margin wiping and safety segments within KCP.  Beginning in 2015, we will describe our business outside North America in two groups – Developing and Emerging Markets ("D&E") and Developed Markets, instead of K - C International ("KCI") and Europe.  D&E markets will comprise Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, excluding Australia and South Korea.  Developed Markets will consist     12 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report of Western and Central Europe, Australia and South Korea.  Previously, KCI consisted of our businesses in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa. Highlights for  2014  include the following: • We executed our growth strategies in KCI, with a focus on markets in China, Eastern Europe and Latin America.  Net sales in KCI grew mid-single digits in 2014, despite the negative 6 percent impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates.  KCI net sales as a percentage of total company net sales was similar to the prior year at 42 percent. • In North America, we generated solid sales growth and launched innovations on several brands in 2014, including Viva towels, GoodNites youth pants, Huggies baby wipes and our Poise and Depend adult care brands.  In KCI, we continue to innovate across our diaper portfolio.  We continue to grow our feminine care brands and launch innovations in this category.  We also experienced strong growth in net selling prices and volumes for adult care, baby wipes and KCP products in KCI.  • To help fund our investments in innovations and growth initiatives and to improve our profit margins, we are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles.  Full-year cost savings from our ongoing program in  2014  were $320. • In 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business.  The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth.  The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with expected workforce reductions in the range of  1,100  to  1,300 , primarily impacting salaried employees.  The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. • In 2014, we completed our strategic changes related to our Western and Central European consumer and professional businesses to focus our resources and investments on stronger market positions and growth opportunities.  We exited the diaper category in that region, with the exception of the Italian market, and divested or exited some lower-margin businesses, mostly in consumer tissue, in certain markets. • We continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders.  In  2014 , cash provided by operations was $2.8 billion, and share repurchases of Kimberly-Clark common stock were  $2.0 billion .  In addition, we raised our dividend in  2014  by 4 percent, the 42nd consecutive annual increase in our dividend.  Altogether, share repurchases and dividends in 2014 amounted to $3.3 billion. • On October 31, 2014 (the "Distribution Date"), we completed the spin-off of our health care business, creating a stand-alone, publicly traded health care company, Halyard Health, Inc. ("Halyard"), with approximately  $1.7 billion  in annual net sales.  On the Distribution Date, each of our shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 23, 2014 (the "Record Date") received one share of Halyard common stock for every 8 shares of our common stock held as of the Record Date.  The distribution was structured to be tax free to our U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Halyard's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “HYH.”  After the distribution, we do not beneficially own any shares of Halyard common stock. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results.  See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K for additional information. Overview of  2014  Results • Net sales increased 1 percent compared to the prior year.  Increases in organic sales volumes and net selling prices were partially offset by  unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions.   • Operating profit and income from continuing operations decreased 13 percent and 23 percent, respectively, compared to 2013. • A charge related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet decreased operating profit and income from continuing operations by $462.    13 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report • Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, includes charges of $138 related to the spin-off of our health care business. • Diluted earnings per share in total and from continuing operations decreased 27 percent and 22 percent, respectively, compared to 2013.   The decreases were primarily due to the charges mentioned above, along with lower equity income. Results of Operations and Related Information This section presents a discussion and analysis of net sales, operating profit and other information relevant to an understanding of  2014  results of operations.  This discussion and analysis compares  2014  results to  2013 , and  2013  results to  2012 . Results By Business Segment   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   Change 2014 vs. 2013   2012   Change 2013 vs. 2012 NET SALES                   Personal Care $ 9,635   $ 9,536   +1.0  %   $ 9,576   -0.4  % Consumer Tissue 6,645   6,637   +0.1  %   6,527   +1.7  % K-C Professional 3,388   3,323   +2.0  %   3,283   +1.2  % Corporate & Other 56   65   N.M.   81   N.M. TOTAL NET SALES $ 19,724   $ 19,561   +0.8  %   $ 19,467   +0.5  %                     OPERATING PROFIT   Personal Care $ 1,803   $ 1,698   +6.2  %   $ 1,660   +2.3  % Consumer Tissue 1,062   988   +7.5  %   887   +11.4  % K-C Professional 604   605   -0.2  %   542   +11.6  % Corporate & Other (a) (495 )   (381 )   N.M.   (717 )   N.M. Other (income) and expense, net (b) 453   7   N.M.   (5 )   N.M. TOTAL OPERATING PROFIT $ 2,521   $ 2,903   -13.2  %   $ 2,377   +22.1  % N.M. - Not Meaningful    14 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Results By Geography   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   Change 2014 vs. 2013   2012   Change 2013 vs. 2012 NET SALES                   North America $ 9,400   $ 9,430   -0.3  %   $ 9,425   +0.1  % Europe 2,717   2,839   -4.3  %   3,092   -8.2  % Asia, Latin America and other 7,961   7,639   +4.2  %   7,347   +4.0  % Intergeographic sales (354 )   (347 )   +2.0  %   (397 )   -12.6  % TOTAL NET SALES $ 19,724   $ 19,561   +0.8  %   $ 19,467   +0.5  %                     OPERATING PROFIT                   North America $ 2,003   $ 1,984   +1.0  %   $ 1,896   +4.6  % Europe 282   237   +19.0  %   225   +5.3  % Asia, Latin America and other 1,184   1,070   +10.7  %   968   +10.5  % Corporate & Other (a) (495 )   (381 )   N.M.   (717 )   N.M. Other (income) and expense, net (b) 453   7   N.M.   (5 )   N.M. TOTAL OPERATING PROFIT $ 2,521   $ 2,903   -13.2  %   $ 2,377   +22.1  % (a) Charges related to the 2014 organization restructuring of  $133  and a charge of  $41  related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet in  2014  are included in Corporate & Other.  In addition, charges for European strategic changes of  $33 ,  $76  and  $299  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, and pulp and tissue restructuring of  $134  in  2012  are included in Corporate & Other.  See additional information later in this MD&A. (b) Other (income) and expense, net for 2014 includes a charge of  $421  related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet and a  $35  charge related to a regulatory dispute in the Middle East.  The results for 2013 include a balance sheet remeasurement charge of $36 due to the February 2013 devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar, partially offset by gains on the sales of certain non-core assets.  The results for 2012 include currency transaction gains and the impact of the favorable resolution of a legal matter, partially offset by asset impairment charges. Percentage Change NET SALES   Total   Change Due To       Organic Volume   Restructuring Impact (a)   Net Price   Mix/ Other (b)   Currency 2014 versus 2013                         Consolidated   0.8   2   (1)   2   —   (2) Personal Care   1.0   3   (1)   3   —   (4) Consumer Tissue   0.1   1   (1)   1   —   (1) K-C Professional   2.0   3   —   1   —   (2)                           2013 versus 2012                         Consolidated   0.5   3   (2)   1   —   (2) Personal Care   (0.4)   4   (3)   —   1   (2) Consumer Tissue   1.7   2   (1)   2   —   (1) K-C Professional   1.2   1   (1)   1   1   (1) (a) Lower sales related to the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions. (b) Mix/Other includes rounding.    15 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report OPERATING PROFIT       Change Due To     Total   Volume   Net Price   Input       Costs (a)   Cost Savings   Currency Translation   Other (b) 2014 versus 2013                             Consolidated   (13.2)   5   13   (8)   11   (3)   (31) Personal Care   6.2   5   15   (9)   12   (3)   (14) Consumer Tissue   7.5   1   10   (5)   10   —   (9) K-C Professional   (0.2)   5   3   (8)   5   (3)   (2)                               2013 versus 2012                             Consolidated   22.1   4   9   (9)   13   (3)   8 Personal Care   2.3   4   2   (6)   12   (2)   (8) Consumer Tissue   11.4   2   14   (12)   5   (1)   3 K-C Professional   11.6   1   8   (3)   10   (3)   (1) (a)    Includes inflation/deflation in raw materials, energy and distribution costs. (b) Other includes the impact of changes in marketing, research and general expenses and manufacturing costs not separately listed in the table.  In addition, Other includes the impact of charges recorded in Corporate & Other and other (income) and expense, net.   Commentary - 2014 Compared to 2013 Consolidated Net sales of $19.7 billion increased 1 percent compared to the prior year.  Organic sales volumes and net selling prices each increased 2 percent.  Foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 2 percent, and lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions reduced net sales by 1 percent.    Operating profit was $2,521 in 2014 and $2,903 in 2013.  Operating profit comparisons benefited from organic sales volume growth and higher net selling prices, as well as FORCE cost savings of $320 and $30 of savings from pulp and tissue restructuring actions.  Input costs were $240 higher overall versus 2013.  Results in 2014 include charges related to the 2014 organization restructuring, remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet and European strategic changes of $133, $462 and $33, respectively.  Results in 2013 include charges related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar and European strategic changes of $36 and $81, respectively.  In addition, foreign currency translation effects reduced operating profit in 2014 by $75, and currency transaction effects also negatively impacted the operating profit comparison. We remeasured our local currency-denominated balance sheet in Venezuela as of  December 31, 2014  at the year end floating SICAD II exchange rate of  50  bolivars per U.S. dollar, resulting in a non-deductible charge of  $462  in the Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended  December 31, 2014 .  Prior to  December 31, 2014 , we measured results in Venezuela at the official exchange rate of  6.3  bolivars per U.S. dollar.  See additional information later in this MD&A and Item 8,  Note 1  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The effective tax rate was 38.0 percent in 2014 compared to 31.4 percent in 2013.  The increase was primarily due to the non-deductible charge in 2014 related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet. Kimberly-Clark's share of net income of equity companies was $146 in 2014 and $205 in 2013.  At Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V. ("KCM"), results were negatively impacted by input cost increases and a weaker Mexican peso, partially offset by increased organic sales volumes and cost savings. Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, was $50 in 2014 and $203 in 2013.  The decrease was primarily due to after-tax charges of $138 ($157 pre-tax) related to the spin-off of our health care business. Diluted earnings per share were $4.04 in 2014 and $5.53 in 2013.  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.91 in 2014 and $5.01 in 2013.  The decreases were primarily due to lower earnings, partially offset by the lower share count.   Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations were $0.13 in 2014 and $0.52 in 2013.   Personal Care Segment Net sales of $9.6 billion increased 1 percent compared to 2013.  Organic sales volumes and net selling prices each increased 3 percent.  Currency rates were unfavorable by 4 percent, and lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes reduced net sales by 1 percent.  Operating profit of $1,803 increased 6 percent.  The comparison benefited from higher net selling prices,     16 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report organic sales volume growth and cost savings, partially offset by unfavorable effects from changes in currency rates and input cost inflation.   Net sales in North America were essentially even with the prior year.  Slightly higher sales volumes and net selling prices were offset by unfavorable currency rates.  Huggies baby wipes volumes rose double-digits, including benefits from market share gains and product innovation.  Adult care volumes increased high-single digits, including innovation on Depend and Poise brands.  Huggies diaper volumes decreased mid-single digits and were impacted by market share declines and competitive promotional activity.  Child care volumes decreased mid-single digits, driven by lower Pull-Ups training pants volumes, partially offset by the launch of new GoodNites youth pants.  Feminine care volumes were down slightly. Net sales in KCI increased 4 percent.  Organic sales volumes increased 6 percent, and net selling prices were higher by 5 percent, partially offset by unfavorable currency rates of 7 percent.  The volume increase included gains in China, Eastern Europe, South Africa, South Korea, Vietnam and most of Latin America.  The higher net selling prices were driven by increases in Latin America and Eastern Europe in response to weaker currency rates and cost inflation.   Net sales in Europe decreased 19 percent.  Lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes reduced net sales by 20 percent and net selling prices decreased net sales by 1 percent.  Favorable currency rates increased net sales by 2 percent.   Consumer Tissue Segment Net sales of $6.6 billion were essentially even with the prior year.  Organic sales volumes and net selling prices each increased net sales by 1 percent.  Unfavorable currency rates decreased net sales by 1 percent, and lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions reduced net sales by a combined 1 percent.  Operating profit of $1,062 increased 7 percent.  The comparison benefited from higher net selling prices and cost savings, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher manufacturing-related costs in 2014.   Net sales in North America increased 1 percent.  Sales volumes increased 2 percent, driven by growth in Cottonelle and Scott bathroom tissue and the launch of Viva Vantage paper towels.  Unfavorable currency effects and changes in product mix reduced net sales by a combined 1 percent.    Net sales in KCI increased 1 percent.  Net selling prices increased net sales by 4 percent, and improved product mix and growth in organic sales volumes increased net sales by a combined 1 percent.  Unfavorable currency rates decreased net sales by 4 percent.   The improvement in net selling prices was driven by increases in Latin America.      Net sales in Europe decreased 4 percent, driven by lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions which reduced net sales by a combined 6 percent.  Favorable currency rates increased net sales by 3 percent.   KCP Segment Net sales of $3.4 billion increased 2 percent compared to 2013.  Organic sales volumes increased 3 percent, and net selling prices improved by 1 percent.  The impact of currency rates on net sales was unfavorable by 2 percent.  Operating profit of $604 was essentially even with the prior year.  The comparison benefited from organic sales volume growth, higher net selling prices and cost savings, offset by input cost inflation and unfavorable currency effects.  Net sales in North America decreased 2 percent.  Net selling prices were lower by 2 percent, and unfavorable currency effects and changes in product mix decreased net sales by a combined 1 percent.  Organic sales volumes increased 1 percent, driven by gains in safety products, wipers and other categories, partially offset by declines in washroom products.   Net sales in KCI increased 8 percent, despite unfavorable currency rates of 5 percent.  Organic sales volumes rose 7 percent, net selling prices improved net sales by 5 percent and product mix improved 1 percent.  Organic sales volumes rose in each major geography. Net sales in Europe increased 3 percent.  Organic sales volumes increased 3 percent, driven by growth in washroom products.  Favorable currency rates and improved product mix each increased net sales by 1 percent, while lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions and the impact of lower net selling prices each reduced net sales by 1 percent.   Commentary - 2013 Compared to 2012  Consolidated Net sales of $19.6 billion in 2013 were up slightly from the prior year with increased organic sales volumes of 3 percent and higher net selling prices of 1 percent.  Changes in foreign currency rates, and lost sales in conjunction with European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions, each reduced net sales by 2 percent.       17 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Operating profit of $2,903 in 2013 increased 22 percent from $2,377 in 2012.  The increase in operating profit included benefits from organic volume growth and higher net selling prices, as well as FORCE (Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere) cost savings of $305.  Comparisons were positively impacted by lower restructuring costs, as 2012 included $299 and $135 of charges for the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions, respectively, and 2013 included $81 of charges for the European strategic changes.  Operating profit in 2013 was negatively impacted by inflation in input costs of $220 versus 2012 and unfavorable foreign currency translation effects of $65 as a result of the weakening of several currencies, including the Australian dollar and Brazilian real, relative to the U.S. dollar.  Currency transaction effects also negatively impacted the operating profit comparison.  The effective tax rate was 31.4 percent in 2013 compared to 31.3 percent in 2012.  Kimberly-Clark's share of net income of equity companies was $205 in 2013 and $177 in 2012.  At KCM, results benefited from net sales growth, increased operating profit margin and a stronger Mexican peso versus the U.S. dollar. Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, was $203 in 2013 and $201 in 2012. Diluted earnings per share were $5.53 in 2013 and $4.42 in 2012.  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $5.01 in 2013 and $3.91 in 2012.  The increases were primarily due to higher operating profit, along with increased equity income and a lower share count. Personal Care Segment Net sales of $9.5 billion were essentially even with the prior year with increased organic sales volumes of 4 percent and improved product mix of 1 percent.  Lower sales in conjunction with European strategic changes reduced net sales by 3 percent and currency rates were unfavorable by 2 percent.    Operating profit of $1,698 increased 2 percent due to cost savings and organic sales volume increases, partially offset by inflation in input costs, manufacturing cost increases, higher marketing, research and general expenses and unfavorable currency effects. Net sales in North America decreased 1 percent due to lower net selling prices and the impact of unfavorable product mix, which reduced net sales by a combined 1 percent.  Sales volumes increased 1 percent and were partially offset by unfavorable currency effects.  Adult care volumes increased mid-single digits, including benefits from product innovation on the Depend and Poise brands.  Huggies diaper and baby wipe volumes each increased low-single digits.  Child care volumes decreased low-single digits and were impacted by category softness, competitive activity and lower shipments for Huggies Little Swimmers swim pants.  Feminine care volumes were also down low-single digits. In KCI, net sales increased 4 percent with sales volumes up 7 percent and higher net selling prices and improved product mix of 1 percent each.  Currency rates were unfavorable by more than 4 percent.  Volumes increased significantly in China, Eastern Europe, Vietnam and throughout most of Latin America, including Brazil, but declined in South Korea and Venezuela.  For diapers, the total increase in sales volumes, net selling prices and product mix was more than 35 percent in China and approximately 20 percent in Eastern Europe and Brazil. Net sales in Europe decreased 31 percent, including a 40 percent negative impact from lost sales in conjunction with European strategic changes. Organic sales volumes rose 8 percent, including growth in Huggies baby wipes and child care products, and currency rates were favorable by 1 percent.  Consumer Tissue Segment Net sales of $6.6 billion increased 2 percent, as higher organic sales volumes and net selling prices each increased 2 percent.  These increases were partially offset by the impact of lower sales in conjunction with the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, which each decreased net sales by 1 percent.  Operating profit of $988 increased 11 percent due to higher net sales, cost savings, the positive impact from higher production volumes, and lower marketing, research and general expenses, partially offset by input cost inflation, other manufacturing cost increases and unfavorable currency effects.  Net sales in North America increased 3 percent compared to 2012, including a 2 percent increase in net selling prices and a 1 percent improvement in product mix.  The increase in net selling prices was driven by sheet count reductions accompanying product innovation in 2013 on Kleenex facial tissue and Cottonelle and Scott Extra Soft bathroom tissue.  Sales volumes were up slightly compared to 2012, as gains in bath tissue and paper towels were mostly offset by lower volumes in facial tissue.   Net sales increased 5 percent in KCI, with higher sales volumes of 5 percent and increased net selling prices of 4 percent.  Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates decreased net sales by 4 percent.  The growth in volume and price was driven by increases in Latin America.     18 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report In Europe, net sales decreased 5 percent, including the impact from lower sales in conjunction with the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions of 7 percent and decreased net selling prices of 1 percent.  These decreases were partially offset by increased organic sales volumes of 2 percent and favorable currency effects of 1 percent.    KCP Segment Net sales of $3.3 billion increased 1 percent compared to 2012 with organic sales volumes, net selling prices and improved product mix each increasing net sales by 1 percent.  These increases were partially offset by total lower sales in conjunction with the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions of 1 percent and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 1 percent.  Operating profit of $605 increased 12 percent due to sales growth and cost savings, partially offset by input cost inflation, increased marketing, research and general expenses and unfavorable currency effects. Net sales in North America were up slightly compared to 2012.  Higher volumes in washroom and wiper products were mostly offset by the impact from the exit of certain lower-margin safety product offerings. Net sales increased 4 percent in KCI, despite a 5 percent decrease from unfavorable changes in currency rates.  Sales volumes increased 4 percent, driven by growth in Latin America, and net selling prices also rose 4 percent.  Improved product mix increased net sales by 1 percent. In Europe, net sales decreased 1 percent.  Lower sales in conjunction with the European strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions reduced sales volumes by 2 percent and organic sales volumes decreased 1 percent.  These decreases were partially offset by the impact of favorable currency rates and improved product mix of 1 percent each.  2014 Organization Restructuring In October 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business.  The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be  $130  to  $160  after tax ( $190  to  $230  pre-tax).  Cash costs are projected to be approximately  80 percent  of the total charges.  Workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of  1,100  to  1,300  and primarily impact salaried employees.  Cumulative pre-tax savings from the restructuring are expected to be  $120  to  $140  by the end of 2017, and were $5 in 2014.  The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. During  2014 ,  $133  of pre-tax charges were recognized for the organization restructuring, including  $40  recorded in cost of products sold and  $93  recorded in marketing, research and general expenses, primarily for workforce reductions.  A related benefit of  $38  was recorded in provision for income taxes.  On a geographic basis,  $47  of the charges were recorded in North America,  $28  in Europe and  $58  in our other international operations in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa.   European Strategic Changes In 2012, we approved strategic changes related to our Western and Central European consumer and professional businesses to focus our resources and investments on stronger market positions and growth opportunities.  We exited the diaper category in that region, with the exception of the Italian market, and divested or exited some lower-margin businesses, mostly in consumer tissue, in certain markets.  The changes primarily affect our consumer businesses, with a modest impact on KCP.  The impacted businesses generated annual net sales of approximately $0.5 billion and negligible operating profit.  As a result of the restructuring activities, compared to 2012, annual net sales in 2014 and 2013 were decreased by $500 and $350, respectively. Restructuring actions related to the strategic changes involved the sale or closure of  five  of our European manufacturing facilities and streamlining our administrative organization.  The restructuring actions commenced in 2012 and were completed by  December 31, 2014 .  The restructuring resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of  $413  ( $338  after tax) over that period.  For information on the charges by year, financial statement classification and segment, see Item 8, Notes  4  and  18  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Pulp and Tissue Restructuring Actions In 2011 and 2012, we executed pulp and tissue restructuring actions in order to exit our remaining integrated pulp manufacturing operations and improve the underlying profitability and return on invested capital of our consumer tissue and KCP businesses.  These actions involved the streamlining, sale or closure of   seven   of our manufacturing facilities around the world.  In conjunction with these actions, we exited certain non-strategic products, primarily non-branded offerings, and transferred some production to lower-cost facilities in order to improve overall profitability and returns.  The actions were substantially complete at December 31,     19 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report 2012.   The restructuring resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of  $550  ( $375  after tax) over that period.  See Item 8, Notes  5  and  18  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Unaudited Quarterly Data   2014   2013   Fourth   Third   Second   First   Fourth   Third   Second   First Net sales $ 4,828   $ 5,056   $ 4,953   $ 4,887   $ 4,895   $ 4,865   $ 4,873   $ 4,928 Gross profit 1,553   1,765   1,700   1,665   1,653   1,639   1,641   1,676 Operating profit 158   877   775   711   745   718   719   721 Income (loss) from continuing operations (48 )   581   522   490   505   506   496   511 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (15 )   1   8   56   53   59   51   40 Net income (loss) (63 )   582   530   546   558   565   547   551 Net income (loss) attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation (83 )   562   509   538   539   546   526   531 Earnings per share - Diluted                               Continuing operations (0.18 )   1.49   1.32   1.26   1.26   1.26   1.22   1.26 Discontinued operations (0.04 )   —   0.02   0.15   0.14   0.15   0.13   0.10 Net income (loss) (0.22 )   1.50   1.35   1.41   1.40   1.42   1.36   1.36 Cash dividends declared per share 0.84   0.84   0.84   0.84   0.81   0.81   0.81   0.81 Market price per share                               High 118.83   114.45   113.93   111.71   111.68   100.81   106.54   97.99 Low 103.88   103.50   108.02   102.81   93.12   91.44   93.76   83.92 Close 115.54   107.57   111.22   110.25   104.46   94.22   97.14   97.98 Historical market prices do not reflect any adjustment for the impact of the spin-off of our health care business. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Provided by Operations Cash provided by operations was  $2.8 billion  in  2014  compared to  $3.0 billion  in  2013 .  The decrease was driven by higher tax payments and transaction costs for the health care spin-off, partially offset by lower payments for restructuring items.  Obligations The following table presents our total contractual obligations for which cash flows are fixed or determinable.     Total   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2020+ Long-term debt $ 6,179   $ 549   $ 607   $ 963   $ 905   $ 311   $ 2,844 Interest payments on long-term debt 2,732   271   251   225   176   130   1,679 Redemption of preferred securities 26   —   —   —   —   26   — Returns on redeemable preferred securities 9   2   2   2   2   1   — Operating leases 587   151   117   94   70   56   99 Unconditional purchase obligations 1,100   297   187   165   141   147   163 Open purchase orders 1,273   1,198   74   1   —   —   — Total contractual obligations $ 11,906   $ 2,468   $ 1,238   $ 1,450   $ 1,294   $ 671   $ 4,785 • Projected interest payments for variable-rate debt were calculated based on the outstanding principal amounts and prevailing market rates as of  December 31, 2014 . • The unconditional purchase obligations are for the purchase of raw materials, primarily superabsorbent materials, pulp, and utilities.  Although we are primarily liable for payments on the above operating leases and unconditional purchase     20 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report obligations, based on historic operating performance and forecasted future cash flows, we believe exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material. • The open purchase orders displayed in the table represent amounts for goods and services we have negotiated for delivery. The table does not include amounts where payments are discretionary or the timing is uncertain.  The following payments are not included in the table: • We will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute up to  $100  to these plans in  2015 .   • Other postretirement benefit payments are estimated using actuarial assumptions, including expected future service, to project the future obligations.  Based upon those projections, we anticipate making annual payments for these obligations of  $52  in  2015  to more than  $62  by  2024 . • Accrued income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests. • Potential estimated redemption price of  $46  for the redeemable preferred securities related to our subsidiary in Central America as the timing of such redemption is unknown. Investing Our capital spending was  $1.0 billion  in both  2014  and  2013 .  We expect capital spending to be $950 to $1,050 in  2015 .   Financing On  October 17, 2014 , we issued debt of  $640  aggregate principal amount that was transferred to Halyard as part of the spin-off. On May 22, 2014, we issued $300 aggregate principal amount of floating rate notes due May 19, 2016 and $300 aggregate principal amount of 1.9% notes due May 22, 2019.  Proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes and repurchases of common stock. Our short-term debt, which consists of U.S. commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-U.S. subsidiaries, was  $777  as of  December 31, 2014  (included in debt payable within one year on the Consolidated Balance Sheet).  The average month-end balance of short-term debt for the fourth quarter of  2014  was  $579 , and for the twelve months ended  December 31, 2014  was  $572 .  These short-term borrowings provide supplemental funding for supporting our operations.  The level of short-term debt generally fluctuates depending upon the amount of operating cash flows and the timing of customer receipts and payments for items such as dividends and income taxes. In December 2014, we repaid $500 of redeemable preferred securities.  See Item 8,  Note 9  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the securities. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , total debt and redeemable securities was  $7.0 billion  and  $6.3 billion , respectively. In June 2014, we entered into a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in 2019.  This facility, currently unused, replaced a similar facility for $1.5 billion, supports our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. We repurchase shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs.  During  2014 , we repurchased  18.0 million  shares of our common stock at a cost of  $2.0 billion  through a broker in the open market, including the impact of approximately $600 from the spin-off of our health care business.  In  2015 , we plan to repurchase $0.8 billion to $1.0 billion of shares through open market purchases, subject to market conditions. We account for our operations in Venezuela using highly inflationary accounting.  We have historically measured results in Venezuela at the rate in which we transact our business, which in 2012 was 5.4 bolivars per U.S. dollar, and 6.3 bolivars per U.S dollar through much of 2013 and 2014.  Given the level of uncertainty and lack of liquidity in Venezuela, in part due to recent declines in the price of oil, we remeasured our local currency-denominated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 at the year end floating SICAD II exchange rate of 50 bolivars per U.S. dollar.  This remeasurement resulted in a non-deductible charge of $462 in the Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended December 31, 2014, with $41 recorded in cost of products sold and $421 recorded in other     21 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report (income) and expense, net.  See additional information in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  At December 31, 2014, K-C Venezuela had a bolivar-denominated net monetary asset position (primarily cash) of  $59  and our net investment in K-C Venezuela was $152, both valued at 50 bolivars per U.S. dollar.  Net sales of K-C Venezuela represented approximately 3 percent of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2014 and approximately 2 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.  In January 2015, we measured results in Venezuela at the floating SICAD II exchange rate.  In mid-February 2015, the government of Venezuela announced changes to their three-tiered currency exchange system.  We are evaluating the implications of these changes to assess the impact on our results and reporting for our operations in that country.  Management believes that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions and other needs for the foreseeable future.  Further, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the United States to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.  The critical accounting policies we used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are those that are important both to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments by management with regard to estimates used.  The critical judgments by management relate to accruals for sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, pension and other postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential income tax assessments.  These critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances Trade promotion programs include introductory marketing funds such as slotting fees, cooperative marketing programs, temporary price reductions, end-of-aisle or in-store product displays and other activities conducted by our customers to promote our products.  Rebate accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of products expected to be sold to specific customers.  Our related accounting policies are discussed in Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Factors affecting the accruals for promotions include: • Estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed • Estimates of the quantity of customer sales, timing of promotional activities and forecasted costs for activities within the promotional programs Generally, the estimates for consumer coupon costs are based on historical patterns of coupon redemption, influenced by judgments about current market conditions such as competitive activity in specific product categories. Employee Postretirement Benefits Pension Plans We have defined benefit pension plans in North America and the United Kingdom (the "Principal Plans") and/or defined contribution retirement plans covering substantially all regular employees.  Certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees.  Our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in Item 8, Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and the benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate the obligations: • Long-term rate of return on plan assets .  The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis.  In setting these assumptions, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by asset class relative to the target asset allocation.  Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and they are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate.  Pension expense is determined using the fair value of assets rather than a calculated value that averages gains and losses ("Calculated Value") over a period of years.  Investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return calculated using the fair value of assets and the actual return based     22 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report on the fair value of assets.  The variance between actual and expected gains and losses on pension assets is recognized in pension expense more rapidly than it would be if a Calculated Value was used for plan assets. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Principal Plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately  $2.9 billion .  These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the assumed investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations, or (iii) other actuarial gains, including whether such accumulated actuarial losses at each measurement date exceed the "corridor" as required .   If the expected long-term rates of return on assets for the Principal Plans were lowered by 0.25 percent, the impact on annual pension expense would not be material in  2015 . • Discount rate .  The discount (or settlement) rate used to determine the present value of our future U.S. pension obligation at  December 31, 2014  was based on a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with cash flows that largely match the expected benefit payments of the plan.  For the U.K. and Canadian plans, the discount rate was determined based on yield curves constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities.  Each year's expected future benefit payments were discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate to determine the pension obligations.   If the discount rate assumptions for these same plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the increase in annual pension expense would not be material in 2015, and the  December 31, 2014  pension liability would increase by about  $209 . • Other assumptions .  There are a number of other assumptions involved in the calculation of pension expense and benefit obligations, primarily related to participant demographics and benefit elections.  As of  December 31, 2014 , we updated our assumptions for revised mortality projections that reflect longevity improvements of plan participants, resulting in an increase to future pension expense and to our consolidated benefit obligation. Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate  $100  in  2015 .  Pension expense beyond  2015  will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered employees in the plans. Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Substantially all U.S. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded healthcare and life insurance benefit plans.  Our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in Item 8, Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Changes in significant assumptions could affect the consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rates used to calculate the obligations and the healthcare cost trend rate: • Discount rate .  The determination of the discount rates used to calculate the benefit obligations of the plans is discussed in the pension benefit section above, and the methodology for each country is the same as the methodology used to determine the discount rate for that country's pension obligation.  If the discount rate assumptions for these plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, there would be no impact to  2015  other postretirement benefit expense and the increase in the  December 31, 2014  benefit liability would not be material.  The discount rates displayed for the two types of obligations for our consolidated operations may appear different due to the unique benefit payments of the plans. • Healthcare cost trend rate .  The healthcare cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the healthcare marketplace, as well as projections of future trends in the marketplace.  See Item 8,  Note 11  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure of the effect of a one percentage point change in the healthcare cost trend rate. Deferred Income Taxes and Potential Assessments As a global organization we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally.  Income tax related accounting policies, account balances and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in Item 8, Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S. and uncertain tax positions: • Deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances .  We have recorded deferred tax assets related to, among other matters, income tax loss carryforwards, income tax credit carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards and have established valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets.  These carryforwards are primarily in non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions     23 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report and in certain states in the U.S.  Foreign tax credits earned in the U.S. in current and prior years, which cannot be used currently, also give rise to net deferred tax assets.  In determining the valuation allowances to establish against these deferred tax assets, many factors are considered, including the specific taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward period, income tax strategies and forecasted earnings for the entities in each jurisdiction.  A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. • Unremitted earnings .  As of  December 31, 2014 , U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on approximately  $8.6 billion  of unremitted earnings of subsidiaries operating outside the U.S.  These earnings are considered by management to be invested indefinitely.  However, they would be subject to income tax if they were remitted as dividends, were lent to one of our U.S. entities or if we were to sell our stock in the subsidiaries.  It is not practicable to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability on these unremitted earnings.  We periodically determine whether our non-U.S. subsidiaries will invest their undistributed earnings indefinitely and reassess this determination, as appropriate. • Uncertain tax positions .  We record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate.  Where we believe that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in our income tax returns.  Where treatment of a position is uncertain, a liability is recorded based upon the expected most likely outcome taking into consideration the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter.  These liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations.  We currently believe that the ultimate resolution of matters subject to administrative appeals, litigation or other uncertainty, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Legal Matters See Item 8,  Note 14  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on legal matters. New Accounting Standards See Item 8,  Note 1  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of new accounting standards and their anticipated effects on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Business Outlook In  2015 , we plan to continue to execute our Global Business Plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, cost savings programs and shareholder-friendly capital allocation.  In 2015, we expect GAAP earnings per share in a range of $5.46 to $5.72, based on the assumptions described below: • Growth in volume, net selling prices and product mix is expected to be in the combined 3 to 5 percent target range, with a focus on Personal Care and KCP in developing and emerging markets. • We expect net sales to be negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 8 to 9 percent, including an approximate 3 percent impact from exchange rate changes in Venezuela.  We also expect unfavorable foreign currency translation effects to negatively impact operating profit growth by 9 to 10 percent, including an approximate 4 percent decrease from exchange rate changes in Venezuela.  Currency transaction effects are also anticipated to negatively impact operating profit. • We anticipate commodity cost deflation of $0 to $150. • We plan to achieve cost savings of at least $300 from our FORCE program, and $60 to $80 from the 2014 organization restructuring. • We anticipate that advertising spending will increase somewhat as a percentage of net sales to support targeted growth initiatives, brand building and innovation activities. • We expect the effective tax rate to be between 31.5 and 33.5 percent. • Our share of net income from equity companies is expected to be down somewhat due to lower earnings at KCM, driven by a weaker Mexican peso.    24 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report • We anticipate capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 range and share repurchases to total $0.8 to $1.0 billion, subject to market conditions. • We expect to contribute up to $100 to our defined benefit pension plans and to increase our quarterly dividend mid-single digits effective April 2015, subject to approval by the Board of Directors. • Charges related to the 2014 organization restructuring are expected to be $30 to $50 after tax. Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Certain matters contained in this report concerning the business outlook, including the anticipated costs, scope, timing and financial and other effects of the 2014 organization restructuring, cash flow and uses of cash, growth initiatives, innovations, marketing and other spending, cost savings and reductions, net sales, anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, including the impact in Venezuela, raw material, energy and other input costs, contingencies and anticipated transactions of Kimberly-Clark, including dividends, share repurchases and pension contributions, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Kimberly-Clark.  There can be no assurance that these future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them.   The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases.  In addition, many factors outside our control, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs and retail trade customer actions, as well as general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, could affect the realization of these estimates. The factors described under Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K, or in our other SEC filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf.  Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently consider immaterial could also affect our business operations and financial results. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to risks such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices.  A variety of practices are employed to manage these risks, including operating and financing activities and, where deemed appropriate, the use of derivative instruments.  Derivative instruments are used only for risk management purposes and not for speculation.  All foreign currency derivative instruments are entered into with major financial institutions.  Our credit exposure under these arrangements is limited to agreements with a positive fair value at the reporting date.  Credit risk with respect to the counterparties is actively monitored but is not considered significant since these transactions are executed with a diversified group of financial institutions. Presented below is a description of our risks (foreign currency risk and interest rate risk) together with a sensitivity analysis, performed annually, of each of these risks based on selected changes in market rates and prices.  These analyses reflect management's view of changes which are reasonably possible to occur over a one-year period.  Also included is a description of our commodity price risk. Foreign Currency Risk   Foreign currency risk is managed by the systematic use of foreign currency forward and swap contracts for a portion of our exposure.  The use of these instruments allows the management of transactional exposures to exchange rate fluctuations because the gains or losses incurred on the derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the underlying foreign currency exposure. Foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  An annual test is performed to quantify the effects that possible changes in foreign currency exchange rates would have on annual operating profit based on our foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures at the current year-end.  The balance sheet effect is calculated by multiplying each affiliate's net monetary asset or liability position by a 10 percent change in the foreign currency exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar.    25 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report As of  December 31, 2014 , a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of foreign currencies involving balance sheet transactional exposures would have resulted in a net pre-tax loss of approximately  $35 , excluding the effect of an unfavorable change in the Venezuelan bolivar discussed below.  These hypothetical losses on transactional exposures are based on the difference between the  December 31, 2014  rates and the assumed rates.  In the view of management, the above hypothetical losses resulting from these assumed changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Our operations in Venezuela are reported using highly inflationary accounting and their functional currency is the U.S. dollar.  Changes in the value of a Venezuelan bolivar versus the U.S. dollar applied to our bolivar-denominated net monetary asset position are recorded in income at the time of the change.  At  December 31, 2014 , a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate would have resulted in a net pre-tax loss of approximately  $5 .  There are no viable options for hedging this exposure. The translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars is also sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  Consequently, an annual test is performed to determine if changes in currency exchange rates would have a significant effect on the translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations into U.S. dollars.  These translation gains or losses are recorded as unrealized translation adjustments ("UTA") within stockholders' equity.  The hypothetical change in UTA is calculated by multiplying the net assets of these non-U.S. operations by a 10 percent change in the currency exchange rates.  As of  December 31, 2014 , a 10 percent unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of our foreign currency translation exposures would have reduced stockholders' equity by approximately  $800 .  These hypothetical adjustments in UTA are based on the difference between the  December 31, 2014  exchange rates and the assumed rates.  In the view of management, the above UTA adjustments resulting from these assumed changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not material to our consolidated financial position because they would not affect our cash flow. Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is managed through the maintenance of a portfolio of variable- and fixed-rate debt composed of short- and long-term instruments.  The objective is to maintain a cost-effective mix that management deems appropriate.  At  December 31, 2014 , the debt portfolio was composed of approximately  27 percent  variable-rate debt and  73 percent  fixed-rate debt. Two separate tests are performed to determine whether changes in interest rates would have a significant effect on our financial position or future results of operations.  Both tests are based on consolidated debt levels at the time of the test.  The first test estimates the effect of interest rate changes on fixed-rate debt.  Interest rate changes would result in increases or decreases in the market value of fixed-rate debt due to differences between the current market interest rates and the rates governing these instruments.  With respect to fixed-rate debt outstanding at  December 31, 2014 , a 10 percent decrease in interest rates would have increased the fair value of fixed-rate debt by about  $176 , which would not have a significant impact on our financial statements as we do not record debt at fair value.  The second test estimates the potential effect on future pre-tax income that would result from increased interest rates applied to our current level of variable-rate debt.  With respect to variable-rate debt, a 10 percent increase in interest rates would not have a material effect on the future results of operations or cash flows. Commodity Price Risk We are subject to commodity price risk, the most significant of which relates to the price of pulp.  Selling prices of tissue products are influenced, in part, by the market price for pulp, which is determined by industry supply and demand.  As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," increases in pulp prices could adversely affect earnings if selling prices are not adjusted or if such adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices.  Derivative instruments have not been used to manage these risks. Our energy, manufacturing and transportation costs are affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions.  As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," there can be no assurance we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources.  In addition, we are subject to price risk for utilities and manufacturing inputs, which are used in our manufacturing operations.  Derivative instruments are used in accordance with our risk management policy to hedge a limited portion of the price risk.    26 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT     Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts)   2014   2013   2012 Net Sales   $ 19,724   $ 19,561   $ 19,467 Cost of products sold   13,041   12,952   13,338 Gross Profit   6,683   6,609   6,129 Marketing, research and general expenses   3,709   3,699   3,757 Other (income) and expense, net   453   7   (5 ) Operating Profit   2,521   2,903   2,377 Interest income   18   20   18 Interest expense   (284 )   (282 )   (285 ) Income From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests   2,255   2,641   2,110 Provision for income taxes   (856 )   (828 )   (660 ) Income From Continuing Operations Before Equity Interests   1,399   1,813   1,450 Share of net income of equity companies   146   205   177 Income From Continuing Operations   1,545   2,018   1,627 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes   50   203   201 Net Income   1,595   2,221   1,828 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in continuing operations   (69 )   (79 )   (78 ) Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation   $ 1,526   $ 2,142   $ 1,750               Per Share Basis             Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation             Basic             Continuing operations   $ 3.94   $ 5.05   $ 3.94 Discontinued operations   0.13   0.53   0.51 Net income   $ 4.07   $ 5.58   $ 4.45               Diluted             Continuing operations   $ 3.91   $ 5.01   $ 3.91 Discontinued operations   0.13   0.52   0.51 Net income   $ 4.04   $ 5.53   $ 4.42               Cash Dividends Declared   $ 3.36   $ 3.24   $ 2.96   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    27 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars)   2014   2013   2012 Net Income   $ 1,595   $ 2,221   $ 1,828 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax                Unrealized currency translation adjustments   (835 )   (494 )   215    Employee postretirement benefits   (275 )   302   (377 )    Other   20   17   (16 ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax   (1,090 )   (175 )   (178 ) Comprehensive Income   505   2,046   1,650    Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests   (57 )   (87 )   (93 ) Comprehensive Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation   $ 448   $ 1,959   $ 1,557 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    28 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET     December 31 (Millions of dollars)   2014   2013 ASSETS         Current Assets         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 789   $ 1,054 Accounts receivable, net   2,223   2,545 Inventories   1,892   2,233 Other current assets   655   718 Total Current Assets   5,559   6,550 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net   7,359   7,948 Investments in Equity Companies   257   382 Goodwill   1,628   3,181 Other Intangible Assets, Net   109   243 Other Assets   614   615 TOTAL ASSETS   $ 15,526   $ 18,919           LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY         Current Liabilities         Debt payable within one year   $ 1,326   $ 375 Redeemable preferred securities of subsidiary   —   506 Trade accounts payable   2,616   2,598 Accrued expenses   1,974   2,060 Dividends payable   310   309 Total Current Liabilities   6,226   5,848 Long-Term Debt   5,630   5,386 Noncurrent Employee Benefits   1,693   1,312 Deferred Income Taxes   587   817 Other Liabilities   319   344 Redeemable Preferred and Common Securities of Subsidiaries   72   72 Stockholders' Equity         Kimberly-Clark Corporation         Preferred stock—no par value—authorized 20.0 million shares, none issued   —   — Common stock—$1.25 par value—authorized 1.2 billion shares; issued 428.6 million shares at December 31, 2014 and 2013   536   536 Additional paid-in capital   632   594 Common stock held in treasury, at cost—63.3 million and 47.8 million shares at December 31, 2014 and 2013   (5,597 )   (3,746 ) Retained earnings   8,470   9,714 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   (3,312 )   (2,242 ) Total Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stockholders' Equity   729   4,856 Noncontrolling Interests   270   284 Total Stockholders' Equity   999   5,140 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   $ 15,526   $ 18,919 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    29 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Millions of dollars, shares in thousands)   Common Stock Issued   Additional Paid-in Capital   Treasury Stock   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Noncontrolling Interests   Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount         Balance at December 31, 2011   428,597   $ 536   $ 440   32,937   $ (2,105 )   $ 8,244   $ (1,866 )   $ 280 Net income in stockholders' equity    —   —   —   —   —   1,750   —   47 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                 Unrealized translation   —   —   —   —   —   —   195   20 Employee postretirement benefits   —   —   —   —   —   —   (372 )   (5 ) Other   —   —   —   —   —   —   (16 )   — Stock-based awards exercised or vested   —   —   (78 )   (10,492 )   643   —   —   — Income tax benefits on stock-based compensation   —   —   43   —   —   —   —   — Shares repurchased   —   —   —   16,877   (1,333 )   —   —   — Recognition of stock-based compensation   —   —   67   —   —   —   —   — Dividends declared   —   —   —   —   —   (1,163 )   —   (38 ) Other   —   —   9   —   (1 )   (8 )   —   (2 ) Balance at December 31, 2012   428,597   536   481   39,322   (2,796 )   8,823   (2,059 )   302 Net income in stockholders' equity    —   —   —   —   —   2,142   —   48 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                 Unrealized translation   —   —   —   —   —   —   (499 )   5 Employee postretirement benefits   —   —   —   —   —   —   298   4 Other   —   —   —   —   —   —   18   (1 ) Stock-based awards exercised or vested   —   —   (33 )   (4,108 )   264   —   —   — Income tax benefits on stock-based compensation   —   —   46   —   —   —   —   — Shares repurchased   —   —   —   12,584   (1,214 )   —   —   — Recognition of stock-based compensation   —   —   92   —   —   —   —   — Dividends declared   —   —   —   —   —   (1,244 )   —   (39 ) Other   —   —   8   —   —   (7 )   —   (35 ) Balance at December 31, 2013   428,597   536   594   47,798   (3,746 )   9,714   (2,242 )   284 Net income in stockholders' equity    —   —   —   —   —   1,526   —   39 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                 Unrealized translation   —   —   —   —   —   —   (819 )   (15 ) Employee postretirement benefits   —   —   —   —   —   —   (278 )   3 Other   —   —   —   —   —   —   19   1 Stock-based awards exercised or vested   —   —   (54 )   (2,783 )   180   —   —   — Income tax benefits on stock-based compensation   —   —   32   —   —   —   —   — Shares repurchased   —   —   —   18,246   (2,031 )   —   —   — Recognition of stock-based compensation   —   —   52   —   —   —   —   — Dividends declared   —   —   —   —   —   (1,256 )   —   (43 ) Spin-off of health care business   —   —   —   —   —   (1,505 )   9   — Other   —   —   8   —   —   (9 )   (1 )   1 Balance at December 31, 2014   428,597   $ 536   $ 632   63,261   $ (5,597 )   $ 8,470   $ (3,312 )   $ 270 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    30 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT     Year Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars)   2014   2013   2012 Operating Activities             Net income   $ 1,595   $ 2,221   $ 1,828 Depreciation and amortization   862   863   857 Asset impairments   42   45   171 Stock-based compensation   52   92   67 Deferred income taxes   63   151   224 Net (gains) losses on asset dispositions   21   11   35 Equity companies' earnings (in excess of) less than dividends paid   28   (36 )   (27 ) (Increase) decrease in operating working capital   (176 )   (158 )   119 Postretirement benefits   (102 )   (158 )   7 Charge for Venezuelan balance sheet remeasurement   462   36   — Other   (2 )   (27 )   7 Cash Provided by Operations   2,845   3,040   3,288 Investing Activities             Capital spending   (1,039 )   (953 )   (1,093 ) Acquisitions of businesses   —   (32 )   (5 ) Proceeds from dispositions of property   38   129   9 Proceeds from sales of investments   127   26   23 Investments in time deposits   (151 )   (93 )   (212 ) Maturities of time deposits   239   94   95 Other   16   (15 )   (1 ) Cash Used for Investing   (770 )   (844 )   (1,184 ) Financing Activities             Cash dividends paid   (1,256 )   (1,223 )   (1,151 ) Change in short-term borrowings   721   (287 )   271 Debt proceeds   1,257   890   315 Debt repayments   (123 )   (544 )   (492 ) Redemption of redeemable preferred securities of subsidiary   (500 )   —   — Cash paid on redeemable preferred securities of subsidiaries   (34 )   (27 )   (28 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options   127   232   565 Acquisitions of common stock for the treasury   (1,939 )   (1,216 )   (1,284 ) Cash transferred to Halyard Health, Inc. related to spin-off   (120 )   —   — Other   (26 )   (10 )   2 Cash Used for Financing   (1,893 )   (2,185 )   (1,802 ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents   (447 )   (63 )   40 Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (265 )   (52 )   342 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year   1,054   1,106   764 Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year   $ 789   $ 1,054   $ 1,106 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    31 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 .    Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The Consolidated Financial Statements present the accounts of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and all subsidiaries in which it has a controlling financial interest as if they were a single economic entity in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP").  All intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation.  The terms "Corporation," "Kimberly-Clark," "we," "our," and "us" refer to Kimberly-Clark Corporation and all subsidiaries in which it has a controlling financial interest.  Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted.  Kimberly-Clark’s prior period Consolidated Income Statements and related disclosures have been recast to present the results of the spun-off health care business (see further discussion below) as discontinued operations.  Segment results have also been recast to present net sales and operating profit by segment on a continuing operations basis. On October 31, 2014, we completed the spin-off of our health care business, creating a stand-alone, publicly traded health care company, Halyard Health, Inc. ("Halyard"), by distributing 100 percent of the outstanding shares of Halyard to holders of our common stock.  See Note 2 for more information.  The spun-off health care business is presented as discontinued operations on the Consolidated Income Statement for all periods presented.  The health care business' balance sheet, other comprehensive income and cash flows are included within our Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement through October 31, 2014. Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting periods.  Actual results could differ from these estimates, and changes in these estimates are recorded when known.  Estimates are used in accounting for, among other things, sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, employee postretirement benefits, and deferred income taxes and potential assessments. Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents are short-term investments with an original maturity date of three months or less. Inventories and Distribution Costs Most U.S. inventories are valued at the lower of cost, using the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method, or market.  The balance of the U.S. inventories and inventories of consolidated operations outside the U.S. are valued at the lower of cost, using either the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) or weighted-average cost methods, or market.  Distribution costs are classified as cost of products sold. Property and Depreciation Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated on the straight-line method.  Buildings are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, primarily  40 years .  Machinery and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, primarily ranging from  16  to  20 years .  Purchases of computer software, including external costs and certain internal costs (including payroll and payroll-related costs of employees) directly associated with developing significant computer software applications for internal use, are capitalized.  Computer software costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which generally does not exceed  5 years . Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when warranted, changes are made to them.  Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.  An impairment loss would be indicated when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset group, which are identifiable and largely independent of the cash flows of other asset groups, are less than the carrying amount of the asset group.  Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.  Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent appraisals, as appropriate.  When property is sold or retired, the cost of the property and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and any gain or loss on the transaction is included in income.    32 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses.  Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment annually and whenever events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.  Impairment testing compares the reporting unit carrying amount of goodwill with its fair value.  Fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flows.  If the reporting unit carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded.  For 2014, we have completed the required annual testing of goodwill for impairment for all reporting units using the first day of the third quarter as the measurement date, and have determined that goodwill is not impaired. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.  Estimated useful lives range from  2  to  20 years  for trademarks,  5  to  15 years  for patents and developed technologies, and  5  to  15 years  for other intangible assets.  An impairment loss would be indicated when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use of the asset are less than its carrying amount.  An impairment loss would be measured as the difference between the fair value (based on discounted future cash flows) and the carrying amount of the asset. Investments in Equity Companies Investments in companies which we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence and that, in general, are at least  20  percent-owned by us, are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed net income.  These investments are evaluated for impairment when warranted.  An impairment loss would be recorded whenever a decline in value of an equity investment below its carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary.  In judging "other than temporary," we would consider the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the equity company investment has been less than the carrying amount, the near-term and longer-term operating and financial prospects of the equity company, and our longer-term intent of retaining the investment in the equity company. Revenue Recognition Sales revenue is recognized at the time of product shipment or delivery, depending on when title passes, to unaffiliated customers, and when all of the following have occurred: a firm sales agreement is in place, pricing is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured.  Sales are reported net of returns, consumer and trade promotions, rebates and freight allowed.  Taxes imposed by governmental authorities on our revenue-producing activities with customers, such as sales taxes and value-added taxes, are excluded from net sales. Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances The cost of promotion activities provided to customers is classified as a reduction in sales revenue.  In addition, the estimated redemption value of consumer coupons is recorded at the time the coupons are issued and classified as a reduction in sales revenue.  Estimates of trade promotion liabilities for promotional program costs incurred, but unpaid, are generally based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales, timing of promotional activities and forecasted costs for activities within the promotional programs.   Advertising Expense Advertising costs are expensed in the year the related advertisement or campaign is first presented by the media.  For interim reporting purposes, advertising expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of sales based on estimated sales and related advertising expense for the full year. Research Expense Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Foreign Currency Translation The income statements of foreign operations, other than those in highly inflationary economies, are translated into U.S. dollars at rates of exchange in effect each month.  The balance sheets of these operations are translated at period-end exchange rates, and the differences from historical exchange rates are reflected in stockholders' equity as unrealized translation adjustments. The income statements and balance sheets of operations in highly inflationary economies are translated into U.S. dollars using both current and historical rates of exchange.  We account for our operations in Venezuela using highly inflationary accounting.  On February 13, 2013, the Venezuelan government announced a devaluation of the Central Bank of Venezuela ("Central Bank") regulated currency exchange system rate to  6.3  bolivars per U.S. dollar and the elimination of the SITME rate.  As a result of the     33 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report devaluation, we recorded a  $26  after-tax charge ( $36  pre-tax) related to the remeasurement of the local currency-denominated balance sheet to the new exchange rate in the quarter ended  March 31, 2013 .  Prior to this devaluation, we used the Central Bank SITME rate of  5.4  bolivars per U.S. dollar to measure K-C Venezuela's bolivar-denominated transactions into U.S. dollars.  The  $36  pre-tax charge is reflected in the Consolidated Income Statement in other (income) and expense, net for the year ended  December 31, 2013 .  During  March 2013 , the Venezuelan government announced a complementary currency exchange system, SICAD.  Participation in SICAD is controlled by the Venezuelan government.  SICAD is intended to function as an auction system, allowing entities in specific sectors to bid for U.S. dollars to be used for specified import transactions.  In February 2014, the president of Venezuela announced that another floating rate exchange system (referred to as SICAD II) would be initiated.  Initial exchanges under SICAD II began on March 24, 2014.  We have historically measured results in Venezuela at the rate in which we transact our business.  We have qualified for access to the official exchange rate because we manufacture and sell price-controlled products.  Since  March 2013 , exchange transactions have taken place through letters of credit which resulted in an effective exchange rate of  6.3  bolivars per U.S. dollar and through approved transactions using the regulated currency exchange system, which were also at a  6.3  exchange rate.  To date, we have not been invited to participate in SICAD, and we did not seek exchange at SICAD II because we qualify for the more favorable official  6.3  rate and have chosen to pursue exchange at that rate.  Through  December 31, 2014 , we continued to manufacture and sell products in Venezuela as well as import raw materials and finished goods under approved foreign exchange transactions.  However, recent government approvals for imports under letters of credit have not been at a level sufficient to sustain all of our manufacturing capabilities in Venezuela.  During  December 2014 , the volume of exchange transactions approved at the  6.3  exchange rate decreased significantly, and we experienced some level of production curtailment during the fourth quarter of 2014.  We continued to measure results at the  6.3  rate through  December 2014 , however, we are uncertain whether approved exchange transactions at the  6.3  exchange rate will recover to previous levels.  Given the level of uncertainty and lack of liquidity in Venezuela, in part due to recent declines in the price of oil, we remeasured our local currency-denominated balance sheet as of  December 31, 2014  at the year end floating SICAD II exchange rate of  50  bolivars per U.S. dollar as we believe this was the most accessible rate available in the absence of exchange at  6.3  bolivars per U.S. dollar.  This remeasurement resulted in a non-deductible charge of  $462  in the Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended  December 31, 2014 , with  $41  recorded in cost of products sold and  $421  recorded in other (income) and expense, net.   At  December 31, 2014 , K-C Venezuela had a bolivar-denominated net monetary asset position (primarily cash) of  $59  and our net investment in K-C Venezuela was  $152 , both valued at  50  bolivars per U.S. dollar.  Net sales of K-C Venezuela represented approximately  3  percent of consolidated net sales for the year ended  December 31, 2014  and approximately  2  percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 .  While we continue to seek approval for additional imports at the official rate, unless we are able to obtain further approvals for imports through approved letters of credit or through the official government exchange system, we may be forced to curtail some or all of our local manufacturing in the future until such approvals to import additional raw materials are forthcoming.  In January 2015, we measured results in Venezuela at the floating SICAD II exchange rate.  In mid-February 2015, the government of Venezuela announced changes to their three-tiered currency exchange system.  We are evaluating the implications of these changes to assess the impact on our results and reporting for our operations in that country.   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Our policies allow the use of derivatives for risk management purposes and prohibit their use for speculation.  Our policies also prohibit the use of any leveraged derivative instrument.  Consistent with our policies, foreign currency derivative instruments, interest rate swaps and locks, and the majority of commodity hedging contracts are entered into with major financial institutions.  At inception we formally designate certain derivatives as cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and establish how the effectiveness of these hedges will be assessed and measured.  This process links the derivatives to the transactions or financial balances they are hedging.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recorded in earnings as they occur.  All derivative instruments are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives are either recorded in the income statement or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.  The gain or loss on derivatives designated as fair value hedges and the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are included in income in the period that changes in fair value occur.  The effective portion of the gain or loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is included in other comprehensive income in the period that changes in fair value occur, and is reclassified     34 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report to income in the same period that the hedged item affects income.  The gain or loss on derivatives designated as hedges of investments in foreign subsidiaries is recognized in other comprehensive income to offset the change in value of the net investments being hedged.  Any ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net investment hedges is immediately recognized in income.  Certain foreign-currency derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments have been entered into to manage a portion of our foreign currency transactional exposures.  The gain or loss on these derivatives is included in income in the period that changes in their fair values occur.  See  Note 15  for disclosures about derivative instruments and hedging activities. New Accounting Standards In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance.  The standard is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is not permitted.  The guidance permits two implementation approaches, one requiring retrospective application of the new standard with restatement of prior years and one requiring prospective application of the new standard with disclosure of results under old standards.  The effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are not yet known.  Note 2 .    Spin-Off of Health Care Business and Related Costs On October 31, 2014, we completed the spin-off of our health care business, and each of our shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 23, 2014 (the "Record Date") received one share of Halyard common stock for every  8  shares of our common stock held as of the Record Date.  The distribution was structured to be tax free to our U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  After the distribution, we do not beneficially own any shares of Halyard common stock. Summary results of operations for the spun-off health care business included in net income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, were as follows:     Year Ended December 31     2014   2013   2012 Net sales   $ 1,320   $ 1,591   $ 1,596 Income before income taxes   130   304   310 Provision for income taxes   (80 )   (101 )   (109 ) Net income   50   203   201 The results of the health care discontinued operations exclude certain corporate costs which were allocated to the health care segment historically and we expect to continue to incur these costs after the spin-off.  These include costs related to supply chain, finance, legal, information technology, human resources, compliance, shared services, insurance, employee benefits and incentives, and stock-based compensation.  On a pre-tax basis, through the date of the spin-off, these costs were  $70  for the ten months ended  October 31, 2014 , and  $85  in each of the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 . To evaluate, plan and execute the spin-off, we incurred  $157  of pre-tax charges ( $138  after tax) in transaction and related costs, including the exit of one of Halyard's health care glove manufacturing facilities in Thailand and outsourcing of the related production.  These charges and the related tax impact are recorded in Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes.    35 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report In connection with the spin-off, we transferred the following assets and liabilities to Halyard:  Assets     Cash   $ 120 Accounts receivable, net   37 Inventories   289 Property, plant and equipment, net   271 Goodwill   1,429 Other intangible assets   114 Other assets   66 Total Assets   $ 2,326       Liabilities     Accrued expenses   $ 127 Debt   636 Deferred income taxes   60 Other liabilities   7 Total Liabilities   $ 830       Net Assets Transferred in the Spin-Off   $ 1,496 In order to implement the spin-off, we entered into certain agreements with Halyard to effect our legal and structural separation; govern the relationship between us; and allocate various assets, liabilities and obligations between us, including, among other things, employee benefits, intellectual property and tax-related assets and liabilities.  We also entered into a transition services agreement with Halyard, whereby we will provide certain administrative and other services for a limited time, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, intellectual property agreements, manufacturing and supply agreements, distribution agreements and non-competition agreements. Note 3 .    2014 Organization Restructuring In October 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business.  The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs, primarily severance, anticipated to be  $130  to  $160  after tax ( $190  to  $230  pre-tax).  Cash costs are projected to be approximately  80  percent of the total charges.  Workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of  1,100  to  1,300  and primarily impact salaried employees.  The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. Charges in the fourth quarter of 2014 were  $133 , recorded in the following income statement line items:   2014 Cost of products sold $ 40 Marketing, research and general expenses 93 Provision for income taxes (38 ) Net charges $ 95 Cash payments in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the restructuring were not material.  On a geographic basis,  $47  of the charges were recorded in North America,  $28  in Europe, and  $58  in our international operations in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa.    36 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Note 4 .    European Strategic Changes In 2012, we approved strategic changes related to our Western and Central European consumer and professional businesses to focus our resources and investments on stronger market positions and growth opportunities.  We exited the diaper category in that region, with the exception of the Italian market, and divested or exited some lower-margin businesses, mostly in consumer tissue, in certain markets.  The changes primarily affected our consumer businesses, with a modest impact on K - C Professional ("KCP").  The restructuring actions commenced in 2012 and were completed by December 31, 2014. Restructuring actions related to the strategic changes involved the sale or closure of  five  of our European manufacturing facilities and streamlining our administrative organization.  The following charges were incurred in connection with the European strategic changes:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Asset impairments and other asset-related charges $ 2   $ 53   $ 165 Charges for workforce reductions (5 )   10   77 Benefit from pension curtailment —   (31 )   — Other exit costs 14   22   8 Cost of products sold 11   54   250 Charges for workforce reductions and other exit costs included in marketing, research and general expenses and other (income) and expense, net 22   27   49 Provision for income taxes (3 )   (15 )   (57 ) Net charges $ 30   $ 66   $ 242 The measurement of the charges for asset impairments was based on the excess of the carrying value of the impacted asset groups over their fair values.  These fair values were measured using discounted cash flows expected over the limited time the assets would remain in use, and as a result, the assets were essentially written off.  The use of the discounted cash flows represents a level 3 measure under the fair value hierarchy. Cash payments of  $41 ,  $156  and  $4  were made during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to the restructuring.  See  Note 18  for charges by segment. Note 5 .    Pulp and Tissue Restructuring Actions In 2011 and 2012, we executed pulp and tissue restructuring actions in order to exit our remaining integrated pulp manufacturing operations and improve the underlying profitability and return on invested capital of our consumer tissue and KCP businesses.  These actions involved the streamlining, sale or closure of   seven   of our manufacturing facilities around the world.  In conjunction with these actions, we exited certain non-strategic products, primarily non-branded offerings, and transferred some production to lower-cost facilities in order to improve overall profitability and returns.  The actions were substantially complete at December 31, 2012.   The restructuring resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of  $550  ( $375  after tax).  During 2012, charges of  $135  were recorded primarily in cost of products sold for the restructuring actions, and a related benefit of  $49  was recorded in provision for income taxes.  See  Note 18  for charges by segment. Note 6 .    Fair Value Information The following fair value information is based on a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.  The three levels in the hierarchy used to measure fair value are: Level 1—Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets accessible at the reporting date for identical assets and liabilities.    37 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Level 2—Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets.  Quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not considered active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 3—Prices or valuations that require inputs that are significant to the valuation and are unobservable. A financial instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. During  2014  and  2013 , there were no significant transfers among level 1, 2 or 3 fair value determinations. Company-owned life insurance ("COLI") assets and derivative assets and liabilities are measured on a recurring basis at fair value.  COLI assets were  $58  and  $55  at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively.  The COLI policies are a source of funding primarily for our nonqualified employee benefits and are included in other assets.  The fair value of the COLI policies is considered a level 2 measurement and is derived from investments in a mix of money market, fixed income and equity funds managed by unrelated fund managers.  At December 31, 2014 and 2013, derivative assets were  $54  and  $62 , respectively, and derivative liabilities were  $116  and  $49 , respectively.  The fair values of derivatives used to manage interest rate risk and commodity price risk are based on LIBOR rates and interest rate swap curves and NYMEX price quotations, respectively.  The fair value of hedging instruments used to manage foreign currency risk is based on published quotations of spot currency rates and forward points, which are converted into implied forward currency rates.  Measurement of our derivative assets and liabilities is considered a level 2 measurement.  Additional information on our classification and use of derivative instruments is contained in  Note 15 . The following table includes the fair value of our financial instruments for which disclosure of fair value is required:   Fair Value Hierarchy Level   Carrying Amount   Estimated Fair Value   Carrying Amount   Estimated Fair Value     December 31, 2014   December 31, 2013 Assets                   Cash and cash equivalents (a) 1   $ 789   $ 789   $ 1,054   $ 1,054 Time deposits (b) 1   130   130   222   222 Liabilities and redeemable securities of subsidiaries                   Short-term debt (c) 2   777   777   63   63 Long-term debt (d) 2   6,179   6,963   5,698   6,721 Redeemable securities of subsidiaries (e) 3   72   72   578   598 (a) Cash equivalents are composed of certificates of deposit, time deposits and other interest-bearing investments with original maturity dates of 90 days or less.  Cash equivalents are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. (b) Time deposits are composed of deposits with original maturities of more than 90 days but less than one year and instruments with original maturities of greater than one year, included in other current assets or other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, as appropriate.  Time deposits are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. (c) Short-term debt is composed of U.S. commercial paper and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-U.S. subsidiaries, all of which are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. (d) Long-term debt includes the current portion of these debt instruments.  Fair values were estimated based on quoted prices for financial instruments for which all significant inputs were observable, either directly or indirectly. (e) The redeemable securities of subsidiaries are not traded in active markets.  For certain instruments, fair values were calculated using a floating rate pricing model that compared the stated spread to the fair value spread to determine the price at which each of the financial instruments should trade.  The model used the following inputs to calculate fair values: face value, current LIBOR rate, unobservable fair value credit spread, stated spread, maturity date and interest or dividend payment dates.  Additionally, the fair value of the remaining redeemable securities was based on various inputs, including an independent third-party appraisal, adjusted for current market conditions.    38 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Note 7 .    Acquisitions and Intangible Assets The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by business segment are as follows:   Personal Care   Consumer Tissue   K-C Professional   Health Care Business   Total Balance at December 31, 2012 $ 764   $ 695   $ 442   $ 1,436   $ 3,337 Acquisitions 6   —   —   3   9 Currency and other (86 )   (54 )   (18 )   (7 )   (165 ) Balance at December 31, 2013 684   641   424   1,432   3,181 Currency and other (59 )   (47 )   (15 )   (3 )   (124 ) Spin-off of health care business —   —   —   (1,429 )   (1,429 ) Balance at December 31, 2014 $ 625   $ 594   $ 409   $ —   $ 1,628 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the following at December 31:   2014   2013   Gross Carrying Amount   Accumulated Amortization   Gross Carrying Amount   Accumulated Amortization Trademarks $ 117   $ 79   $ 252   $ 163 Patents and developed technologies 49   9   201   85 Other 64   33   93   62 Total $ 230   $ 121   $ 546   $ 310 Note 8 .    Debt Long-term debt is composed of the following:   Weighted- Average Interest Rate   Maturities   December 31   2014   2013 Notes and debentures 4.7%   2015 - 2043   $ 5,656   $ 5,163 Dealer remarketable securities 4.3%   2015 - 2016   200   200 Industrial development revenue bonds 0.2%   2015 - 2034   261   261 Bank loans and other financings in various currencies 5.8%   2015 - 2025   62   74 Total long-term debt         6,179   5,698 Less current portion         549   312 Long-term portion         $ 5,630   $ 5,386 Scheduled maturities of long-term debt for the next five years are  $549  in  2015 ,  $607  in  2016 ,  $963  in  2017 ,  $905  in  2018  and  $311  in  2019 . On  October 17, 2014 , we issued debt of  $640  aggregate principal amount that was transferred to Halyard as part of the spin-off. On  May 22, 2014 , we issued  $300  aggregate principal amount of  floating rate  notes due  May 19, 2016  and  $300  aggregate principal amount of  1.9%  notes due  May 22, 2019 .  Proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes and repurchases of common stock. In  2013 , we issued  $250  aggregate principal amount of floating rate notes due  May 15, 2016 ,  $350  aggregate principal amount of  2.4%  notes due  June 1, 2023 , and  $250  aggregate principal amount of  3.7%  notes due  June 1, 2043 .  Proceeds from the offering     39 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report were used to repay our  $500  aggregate principal amount of  5.0%  notes due  August 15, 2013 , to fund investment in our business and for general corporate purposes. In 2012, we issued  $300  aggregate principal amount of  2.4%  notes due  March 1, 2022 .  Proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes and repayment of debt. In 2006, we issued  $200  of dealer remarketable securities that have a final maturity in  2016 .  The remarketing provisions of these debt instruments require that each year the securities either be remarketed by the dealer or repaid.  In both  2014  and  2013 , the dealer exercised its option to remarket the securities for another year, and remarketed the securities to third parties. In June 2014, we entered into a  $2.0 billion  revolving credit facility which expires in  2019 .  This facility, currently unused, replaced a similar facility for  $1.5 billion , supports our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. Note 9 .    Redeemable Securities of Subsidiaries In February 2001, we, together with a non-affiliated third party entity, (the "Third Party"), formed a Luxembourg-based financing subsidiary.  Prior to December 2014, the Third Party had an investment in certain redeemable preferred securities of the subsidiary.  Kimberly-Clark holds investments in certain preferred securities and all of the common securities of the subsidiary.  Approximately 98 percent of the total cash contributed to the subsidiary was loaned to Kimberly-Clark.  We are the primary beneficiary of the subsidiary and, accordingly, consolidated the subsidiary in our Consolidated Financial Statements.  In December 2013, the subsidiary elected to redeem the preferred securities held by the Third Party in December 2014, and as a result, the  $500  redemption value of the subsidiary’s preferred securities held by the Third Party was included in current liabilities as of December 31, 2013 in our Consolidated Balance Sheet.  These preferred securities were redeemed in December 2014, and accordingly, the subsidiary became wholly-owned by Kimberly-Clark. The preferred and common securities of the subsidiary held by Kimberly-Clark and the intercompany loans have been eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements.  The return on the preferred securities previously held by the Third Party was  $26 ,  $27  and  $27  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, which is included in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our Consolidated Income Statement.   In addition, our subsidiary in Central America has outstanding redeemable securities that are held by a noncontrolling interest, which were exchanged from common to preferred securities in December 2014, and another noncontrolling interest holds certain redeemable preferred securities issued by one of our subsidiaries in North America.  Note 10 .    Stock-Based Compensation We have a stock-based Equity Participation Plan and an Outside Directors' Compensation Plan (the "Plans"), under which we can grant stock options, restricted shares and restricted share units to employees and outside directors.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the number of shares of common stock available for grants under the Plans aggregated  22 million  shares. Stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, and they have a term of  10  years.  Stock options are subject to graded vesting whereby options vest  30  percent at the end of each of the first two 12-month periods following the grant and  40 percent  at the end of the third 12-month period. Restricted shares, time-vested restricted share units and performance-based restricted share units granted to employees are valued at the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date and vest generally at the end of  three  years.  The number of performance-based share units that ultimately vest ranges from  zero  to  200  percent of the number granted, based on performance tied to return on invested capital ("ROIC") and net sales during the three-year performance period.  ROIC and net sales targets are set at the beginning of the performance period.  Restricted share units granted to outside directors are valued at the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date and vest when they are granted.  The restricted period begins on the date of grant and expires on the date the outside director retires from or otherwise terminates service on our Board. At the time stock options are exercised or restricted shares and restricted share units become payable, common stock is issued from our accumulated treasury shares.  Dividend equivalents are credited on restricted share units on the same date and at the same     40 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report rate as dividends are paid on Kimberly-Clark's common stock.  These dividend equivalents, net of estimated forfeitures, are charged to retained earnings. In connection with the spin-off of our health care business, under the provisions of our existing Plans, employee stock options, time-vested restricted share units and performance-based restricted share units were adjusted as follows: • The number of stock options was increased and the exercise price was decreased to maintain the fair value of outstanding options immediately before and after the spin-off. • The time-vested restricted share units and performance-based restricted share units were credited with a reinvested dividend equivalent equal to the value of the spin-off stock dividend to maintain the value of these awards immediately before and after the spin-off. As a result, we did not record any incremental compensation expenses related to the conversion of these awards. These awards continue to vest over the original vesting period.  Stock-based compensation costs of  $52 ,  $92  and  $67  and related deferred income tax benefits of  $19 ,  $35  and  $20  were recognized for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The fair value of stock option awards was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model utilizing a range of assumptions related to dividend yield, volatility, risk-free interest rate, and employee exercise behavior.  Dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future dividend actions.  Expected volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility and implied volatility from traded options on Kimberly-Clark's common stock.  The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  We estimate forfeitures based on historical data. The weighted-average fair value of options granted was estimated at  $7.89 ,  $7.15  and  $3.25 , in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, per option on the date of grant based on the following assumptions:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Dividend yield 3.50 %   3.70 %   4.50 % Volatility 13.41 %   15.40 %   12.86 % Risk-free interest rate 1.73 %   0.87 %   1.08 % Expected life—years 5.0   5.1   5.8 Total remaining unrecognized compensation costs and amortization period are as follows:   December 31, 2014   Weighted- Average Service Years Nonvested stock options $ 8   1.0 Restricted shares and time-vested restricted share units 5   0.5 Nonvested performance-based restricted share units 44   1.2 Excess tax benefits, resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized, aggregating  $37 ,  $50  and  $50  were classified as other cash inflows under Financing Activities in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively.    41 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report A summary of stock-based compensation is presented below: Stock Options Shares (in thousands)   Weighted- Average Exercise Price   Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term   Aggregate Intrinsic Value Outstanding at January 1, 2014 7,223   $ 75.77         Granted 1,798   112.26         Exercised (1,860 )   68.02         Forfeited or expired (506 )   97.57         Conversion for spin-off of health care business 306   82.26         Outstanding at December 31, 2014 6,961   82.32   6.51   $ 231 Exercisable at December 31, 2014 3,846   68.26   4.76   $ 182 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was  $79 ,  $138  and  $161 , respectively.     Time-Vested Restricted Share Units   Performance-Based Restricted Share Units Other Stock-Based Awards Shares (in thousands)   Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value   Shares (in thousands)   Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value Nonvested at January 1, 2014 257   $ 81.38   2,083   $ 79.98 Granted 73   100.95   842   111.77 Vested (70 )   81.97   (894 )   65.02 Forfeited (38 )   84.01   (301 )   94.73 Dividend equivalent for spin-off of health care business 22   78.04   79   95.80 Nonvested at December 31, 2014 244   86.34   1,809   96.35 The total fair value of restricted share units that were distributed to participants during  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  $102 ,  $45  and  $101 , respectively. Note 11 .    Employee Postretirement Benefits Substantially all regular employees in North America and the United Kingdom are covered by defined benefit pension plans (the "Principal Plans") and/or defined contribution retirement plans.  Certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees.  The funding policy for our qualified defined benefit pension plans is to contribute assets at least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements.  Nonqualified U.S. plans providing pension benefits in excess of limitations imposed by the U.S. income tax code are not funded. Substantially all U.S. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded healthcare and life insurance benefit plans.  The annual increase in the consolidated weighted-average healthcare cost trend rate is expected to be  6.3  percent in  2015  and to decline to  5.1  percent in  2023  and thereafter.  Assumed healthcare cost trend rates affect the amounts reported for postretirement healthcare benefit plans.  A one-percentage-point change in assumed healthcare trend rates would not have a significant effect on our financial results.    42 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Summarized financial information about postretirement plans, excluding defined contribution retirement plans, is presented below:   Pension Benefits   Other Benefits   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2014   2013 Change in Benefit Obligation               Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 6,164   $ 6,590   $ 761   $ 824 Service cost 46   53   13   17 Interest cost 279   257   35   32 Actuarial loss (gain) 986   (422 )   39   (60 ) Currency and other (207 )   47   (4 )   — Benefit payments from plans (356 )   (343 )   —   — Direct benefit payments (10 ) (13 ) (56 ) (52 ) Curtailments and settlements (42 )   (5 )   —   — Benefit obligation at end of year 6,860   6,164   788   761 Change in Plan Assets               Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 5,567   5,375   —   — Actual return on plan assets 694   268   —   — Employer contributions 185   220   —   — Currency and other (142 )   47   —   — Benefit payments (356 )   (343 )   —   — Settlements (34 )   —   —   — Fair value of plan assets at end of year 5,914   5,567   —   — Funded Status $ (946 )   $ (597 )   $ (788 )   $ (761 ) Amounts Recognized in the Balance Sheet               Noncurrent asset—prepaid benefit cost $ 6   $ 9   $ —   $ — Current liability—accrued benefit cost (13 )   (12 )   (51 )   (56 ) Noncurrent liability—accrued benefit cost (939 )   (594 )   (737 )   (705 ) Net amount recognized $ (946 )   $ (597 )   $ (788 )   $ (761 ) Information for the Principal Plans and All Other Pension Plans     Principal Plans   All Other Pension Plans   Total   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2014   2013   2014   2013 Projected benefit obligation (“PBO”) $ 6,312   $ 5,640   $ 548   $ 524   $ 6,860   $ 6,164 Accumulated benefit obligation (“ABO”) 6,221   5,555   475   439   6,696   5,994 Fair value of plan assets 5,559   5,205   355   362   5,914   5,567 The PBO and fair value of plan assets for the Principal Plans include  $4,432  and  $3,757 , respectively, related to the U.S. qualified and nonqualified pension plans as of  December 31, 2014 .  The PBO and fair value of plan assets for the Principal Plans include  $3,866  and  $3,565 , respectively, related to the U.S. qualified and nonqualified pension plans as of  December 31, 2013 .    43 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Information for Pension Plans with an ABO in Excess of Plan Assets   December 31   2014   2013 PBO $ 4,983   $ 5,722 ABO 4,908   5,622 Fair value of plan assets 4,111   5,163 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost   Pension Benefits   Other Benefits   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012   2014   2013   2012 Service cost $ 46   $ 53   $ 45   $ 13   $ 17   $ 15 Interest cost 279   257   279   35   32   36 Expected return on plan assets (a) (332 )   (331 )   (329 )   —   —   — Recognized net actuarial loss 100   120   111   —   3   1 Curtailments and settlements 20   (31 )   20   —   —   — Other (3 )   1   (4 )   (1 )   (2 )   (1 ) Net periodic benefit cost $ 110   $ 69   $ 122   $ 47   $ 50   $ 51 (a)   The expected return on plan assets is determined by multiplying the fair value of plan assets at the remeasurement date, typically the prior year-end adjusted for estimated current year cash benefit payments and contributions, by the expected long-term rate of return. Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Cost for Years Ended December 31   Pension Benefits   Other Benefits   Projected 2015   2014   2013   2012   2014   2013   2012                             Discount rate 3.83 %   4.66 %   4.04 %   4.87 %   4.97 %   3.97 %   4.70 % Expected long-term return on plan assets 5.21 %   5.98 %   6.26 %   6.49 %   —   —   — Rate of compensation increase 2.63 %   2.67 %   2.73 %   2.91 %   —   —   — Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligations at December 31   Pension Benefits   Other Benefits   2014   2013   2014   2013 Discount rate 3.83 %   4.66 %   4.28 %   4.97 % Rate of compensation increase 2.63 %   2.67 %   —   — Investment Strategies for the Principal Plans Strategic asset allocation decisions are made considering several risk factors, including plan participants' retirement benefit security, the estimated payments of the associated liabilities, the plan funded status, and Kimberly-Clark's financial condition.  The resulting strategic asset allocation is a diversified blend of equity and fixed income investments.  Equity investments are typically diversified across geographies and market capitalization.  Fixed income investments are diversified across multiple sectors including government issues and corporate debt instruments with a portfolio duration that is consistent with the estimated payment of the associated liability.  Actual asset allocation is regularly reviewed and periodically rebalanced to the strategic allocation when considered appropriate.  Our  2015  target plan asset allocation for the Principal Plans is  75  percent fixed income securities and  25  percent equity securities.    44 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis.  In setting this assumption, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by asset class relative to the current asset allocation.  The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on pension fund assets used to calculate pension expense for the Principal Plans was  6.16  percent in  2014  compared with  6.43  percent in  2013  and will be  5.35  percent in  2015 . Set forth below are the pension plan assets of the Principal Plans measured at fair value, by level in the fair-value hierarchy:   Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2014   Total   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs                (Level 3) Cash and Cash Equivalents               Held directly $ 28   $ 28   $ —   $ — Held through mutual and pooled funds 175   9   166   — Fixed Income               Held directly               U.S. government and municipals 252   71   181   — U.S. corporate debt 2,167   —   2,167   — U.S. securitized fixed income 6   —   6   — Held through mutual and pooled funds               U.S. corporate debt 149   —   149   — International bonds 1,438   —   1,438   — Multi-sector 1   1   —   — Equity               Held directly               U.S. equity 18   18   —   — Held through mutual and pooled funds               U.S. equity 4   4   —   — Non-U.S. equity 106   1   105   — Global equity 1,186   —   1,186   — Other 29   29   —   — Total Plan Assets $ 5,559   $ 161   $ 5,398   $ — For the U.S. pension plan, equity option strategies are used when appropriate to reduce the volatility of returns on equity investments.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the U.S. pension plan had equity options in place with a total notional value of approximately  $950 , and the fair value of the aggregate options was an asset position of  $29 .  In addition, Treasury futures contracts are used when appropriate to manage duration targets, and equity futures contracts are used to manage the plan’s investment allocation.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the U.S. plan had Treasury futures contracts in place with a total notional value of approximately  $510  and an insignificant fair value.  There were no equity futures contracts in place at  December 31, 2014 .  The U.S. plan had Treasury and equity futures contracts with a total notional value of approximately  $320  at  December 31, 2013  with an insignificant fair value.    45 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report   Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2013   Total   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs                (Level 3) Cash and Cash Equivalents               Held directly $ 33   $ 33   $ —   $ — Held through mutual and pooled funds 173   34   139   — Fixed Income               Held directly               U.S. government and municipals 211   71   140   — U.S. corporate debt 1,654   —   1,654   — U.S. securitized fixed income 8   —   8   — Held through mutual and pooled funds               U.S. corporate debt 186   —   186   — International bonds 1,089   —   1,089   — Multi-sector 2   2   —   — Equity               Held directly               U.S. equity 1   1   —   — Held through mutual and pooled funds               U.S. equity 4   4   —   — Non-U.S. equity 123   1   122   — Global equity 1,691   —   1,691   — Other 30   —   —   30 Total Plan Assets $ 5,205   $ 146   $ 5,029   $ 30 During  2014  and  2013 , the plan assets did not include a significant amount of Kimberly-Clark common stock.   Inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets vary according to the type of security being valued.  Substantially all of the equity securities held directly by the plans are actively traded and fair values are determined based on quoted market prices.  Fair values of U.S. Treasury securities are determined based on trading activity in the marketplace. Fair values of U.S. corporate debt, U.S. securitized fixed income and international bonds are typically determined by reference to the values of similar securities traded in the marketplace and current interest rate levels.  Multiple pricing services are typically employed to assist in determining these valuations. Fair values of equity securities and fixed income securities held through units of pooled funds are based on net asset value of the units of the pooled fund determined by the fund manager.  Pooled funds are similar in nature to retail mutual funds, but are typically more efficient for institutional investors.  The fair value of pooled funds is determined by the value of the underlying assets held by the fund and the units outstanding.  The value of the pooled fund is not directly observable, but is based on observable inputs.   Equity securities held directly by the pension trusts and those held through units in pooled funds are monitored as to issuer and industry.  Except for U.S. Treasuries, concentrations of fixed income securities are similarly monitored for concentrations by issuer and industry.  As of  December 31, 2014 ,  there were no significant concentrations of equity or debt securities in any single issuer or industry.   The fair value of other plan assets was determined based on an evaluation of various factors.  No other level 3 transfers (in or out) were made in 2014 and 2013.      46 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report We expect to contribute up to  $100  to our defined benefit pension plans in  2015 .  Over the next ten years, we expect that the following gross benefit payments will occur:   Pension Benefits   Other Benefits 2015 $ 430   $ 52 2016 432   53 2017 438   55 2018 440   57 2019 439   58 2020-2024 2,181   309 Defined Contribution Pension Plans Our 401(k) profit sharing plan and supplemental plan provide for a matching contribution of a U.S. employee's contributions and accruals, subject to predetermined limits, as well as a discretionary profit sharing contribution, in which contributions will be based on our profit performance.  We also have defined contribution pension plans for certain employees outside the U.S. Costs charged to expense for our defined contribution pension plans were as follows:   2014   2013   2012 U.S. $ 87   $ 90   $ 82 Outside the U.S. 34   27   26 Total $ 121   $ 117   $ 108 Note 12 .    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The changes in the components of AOCI attributable to Kimberly-Clark, net of tax, are as follows:     Unrealized Translation   Defined Benefit Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Cash Flow Hedges and Other Balance as of December 31, 2012   $ (26 )   $ (1,928 )   $ (53 )   $ (52 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications   (499 )   218   36   24 (Income) loss reclassified from AOCI   —   42 (a) 2 (a) (6 ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)   (499 )   260   38   18 Balance as of December 31, 2013   (525 )   (1,668 )   (15 )   (34 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications   (819 )   (313 )   (23 )   29 (Income) loss reclassified from AOCI   —   57 (a) 1 (a) (11 ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)   (819 )   (256 )   (22 )   18 Spin-off of health care business   9   —   —   — Balance as of December 31, 2014   $ (1,335 )   $ (1,924 )   $ (37 )   $ (16 ) (a) Included in computation of net periodic pension and postretirement benefits costs (see  Note 11 ) Included in the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans balances as of December 31, 2014 is  $2,016  and  $54  of unrecognized net actuarial loss and unrecognized net prior service credit, respectively, of which  $116  and  $10  pre-tax, respectively, are expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost in 2015.    47 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report The changes in the components of AOCI attributable to Kimberly-Clark, including the tax effect, are as follows:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Unrealized translation $ (826 )   $ (495 )   $ 204 Tax effect 7   (4 )   (9 )   (819 )   (499 )   195             Defined benefit pension plans           Unrecognized net actuarial loss and transition amount           Funded status recognition (624 )   356   (588 ) Amortization included in net periodic benefit cost 100   120   90 Currency and other 69   (8 )   (20 )   (455 )   468   (518 ) Unrecognized prior service cost/credit           Funded status recognition 42   —   — Amortization included in net periodic benefit cost (7 )   (31 )   — Currency and other (3 )   (1 )   3   32   (32 )   3 Tax effect 167   (176 )   165   (256 )   260   (350 ) Other postretirement benefit plans           Unrecognized net actuarial loss and transition amount (36 )   65   (32 ) Unrecognized prior service cost/credit —   (3 )   (2 ) Tax effect 14   (24 )   12   (22 )   38   (22 ) Cash flow hedges and other           Recognition of effective portion of hedges 18   37   (20 ) Amortization included in net income (5 )   (10 )   — Currency and other 2   4   (1 )   15   31   (21 ) Tax effect 3   (13 )   5   18   18   (16 )             Spin-off of health care business 9   —   — Change in AOCI $ (1,070 )   $ (183 )   $ (193 ) Amounts are reclassified from AOCI into cost of products sold, marketing, research and general expenses, interest expense or other (income) and expense, net, as applicable, in the Consolidated Income Statement. Net unrealized currency gains or losses resulting from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, except those in highly inflationary economies, are recorded in AOCI.  For these operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, unrealized translation adjustments are recorded in AOCI rather than net income.  Upon sale or substantially complete liquidation of any of these subsidiaries, the applicable unrealized translation adjustment would be removed from AOCI and reported as part of the gain or loss on the sale or liquidation.  The change in unrealized translation in  2014  is primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the Australian dollar, Colombian peso, Russian ruble, euro, Brazilian real and British pound sterling, as well as most other foreign currencies.  Also included in unrealized translation amounts are the effects of foreign exchange rate changes on intercompany balances of a long-term investment nature and transactions designated as hedges of net foreign investments.    48 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Note 13 .    Leases and Commitments We have entered into operating leases for certain warehouse facilities, automobiles and equipment.  The future minimum obligations under operating leases having a noncancelable term in excess of one year are as follows:   Year Ending December 31 2015 $ 151 2016 117 2017 94 2018 70 2019 56 Thereafter 99 Future minimum obligations $ 587 Consolidated rental expense under operating leases was  $303 ,  $316  and  $303  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. We have entered into long-term contracts for the purchase of superabsorbent materials, pulp and certain utilities.  Commitments under these contracts based on current prices are  $297  in  2015 ,  $187  in  2016 ,  $165  in  2017 ,  $141  in  2018  and  $147  in  2019 .  Total commitments  beyond the year 2019  are  $163 .   Although we are primarily liable for payments on the above-mentioned leases and purchase commitments, our exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material. Note 14 .    Legal Matters We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inquiries, inspections, audits or investigations pertaining to issues such as contract disputes, product liability, tax matters, patents and trademarks, advertising, pricing, business practices, governmental regulations, employment and other matters.  Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the ultimate disposition of these matters, to the extent not previously provided for, will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. We are subject to federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations with respect to our business operations and are operating in compliance with, or taking action aimed at ensuring compliance with, these laws and regulations.  We have been named a potentially responsible party under the provisions of the U.S. federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or analogous state statutes, at a number of sites where hazardous substances are present.  None of our compliance obligations with environmental protection laws and regulations, individually or in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Note 15 .    Objectives and Strategies for Using Derivatives As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to financial risks, such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices.  We employ a number of practices to manage these risks, including operating and financing activities and, where appropriate, the use of derivative instruments.  We enter into derivative instruments to hedge a portion of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies for non-U.S. operations' purchases of raw materials, which are priced in U.S. dollars, and imports of intercompany finished goods and work-in-process priced predominantly in U.S. dollars and euros.  The derivative instruments used to manage these exposures are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges.  The foreign currency exposure on certain non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany loans and accounts payable, is hedged with primarily undesignated derivative instruments. Interest rate risk is managed using a portfolio of variable- and fixed-rate debt composed of short- and long-term instruments.  Interest rate swap contracts may be used to facilitate the maintenance of the desired ratio of variable- and fixed-rate debt and are     49 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report designated and qualify as fair value hedges.  From time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt, using forward-starting swaps, and these contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. We use derivative instruments, such as forward swap contracts, to hedge a limited portion of our exposure to market risk arising from changes in prices of certain commodities.  These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges of specific quantities of the underlying commodity expected to be purchased in future months. Translation adjustments result from translating foreign entities' financial statements into U.S. dollars from their functional currencies.  The risk to any particular entity's net assets is reduced to the extent that the entity is financed with local currency borrowing.  Translation exposure, which results from changes in translation rates between functional currencies and the U.S. dollar, generally is not hedged.  Set forth below is a summary of the total designated and undesignated fair values of our derivative instruments:   Assets   Liabilities   2014   2013   2014   2013 Foreign currency exchange contracts $ 54   $ 34   $ 102   $ 49 Interest rate contracts —   22   4   — Commodity price contracts —   6   10   — Total $ 54   $ 62   $ 116   $ 49 The derivative assets are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in other current assets and other assets, as appropriate.  The derivative liabilities are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities, as appropriate. Derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are predominantly used to manage interest rate risk.  The fair values of these derivative instruments are recorded as an asset or liability, as appropriate, with the offset recorded in current earnings.  The offset to the change in fair values of the related hedged items also is recorded in current earnings.  Any realized gain or loss on the derivatives that hedge interest rate risk is amortized to interest expense over the life of the related debt.  At  December 31, 2014 , the aggregate notional values of outstanding interest rate contracts designated as fair value hedges were  $250 .   Fair value hedges resulted in no significant ineffectiveness in each of the three years ended December 31, 2014 .  For each of the three years ended  December 31, 2014 , gains or losses recognized in interest expense for interest rates swaps were not significant.  For each of the three years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  no  gain or loss was recognized in earnings as a result of a hedged firm commitment no longer qualifying as a fair value hedge.   For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is initially recorded in AOCI, net of related income taxes, and recognized in earnings in the same period that the hedged exposure affects earnings.  As of  December 31, 2014 , outstanding commodity forward contracts were in place to hedge a limited portion of our estimated requirements of the related underlying commodities in  2015  and future periods.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the aggregate notional values of outstanding foreign exchange and interest rate derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges were  $820  and  $200 , respectively.   Cash flow hedges resulted in no significant ineffectiveness in each of the three years ended December 31, 2014 .  For each of the three years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  no  gains or losses were reclassified into earnings as a result of the discontinuance of cash flow hedges due to the original forecast transaction no longer being probable of occurring.  At  December 31, 2014 , amounts to be reclassified from AOCI during the next twelve months are not expected to be material.  The maximum maturity of cash flow hedges in place at  December 31, 2014  is  December 2017 . Gains or losses on undesignated foreign exchange hedging instruments are immediately recognized in other (income) and expense, net.  Losses of  $192  and  $74  and gains of  $69  were recorded in the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  The effect on earnings from the use of these non-designated derivatives is substantially neutralized by the transactional gains and losses recorded on the underlying assets and liabilities.  At  December 31, 2014 , the notional amount of these undesignated derivative instruments was  $2.6 billion .    50 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Note 16 .    Income Taxes An analysis of the provision for income taxes follows:    Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Current income taxes             United States $ 350   $ 292   $ 112   State 48   99   15   Other countries 387   286   289     Total 785   677   416 Deferred income taxes             United States 67   85   218   State (16 )   14   36   Other countries 20   52   (10 )     Total 71   151   244 Total provision for income taxes $ 856   $ 828   $ 660 Income from continuing operations before income taxes is earned in the following tax jurisdictions:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 United States $ 1,571   $ 1,557   $ 1,223 Other countries 684   1,084   887 Total income before income taxes $ 2,255   $ 2,641   $ 2,110 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are composed of the following:   December 31   2014   2013 Deferred tax assets             Pension and other postretirement benefits $ 883   $ 728       Tax credits and loss carryforwards  538   604       Property, plant and equipment, net 77   104       Other 590   516   2,088   1,952       Valuation allowance (215 )   (197 )   Total deferred assets  1,873   1,755         Deferred tax liabilities             Pension and other postretirement benefits   260   259       Property, plant and equipment, net 1,162   1,244       Investments in subsidiaries 223   205       Other 339   396   Total deferred tax liabilities 1,984   2,104 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) $ (111 )   $ (349 )    51 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Valuation allowances at the end of  2014  primarily relate to tax credits and income tax loss carryforwards of  $1.0 billion .  If these items are not utilized against taxable income,  $445  of the loss carryforwards will expire from  2015 through 2034 .  The remaining  $557  have no expiration date. Realization of income tax loss carryforwards is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of these carryforwards.  Although realization is not assured, we believe it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets, net of applicable valuation allowances, will be realized.  The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable could be reduced or increased due to changes in the tax environment or if estimates of future taxable income change during the carryforward period. Presented below is a reconciliation of the income tax provision computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the actual effective tax rate:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 U.S. statutory rate applied to income before income taxes 35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % Rate of state income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 0.7   2.7   1.6 Statutory rates other than U.S. statutory rate (3.0 )   (3.0 )   (2.8 ) Venezuela balance sheet remeasurement and inflationary impacts 4.9   (0.8 )   (0.4 ) Other - net (a) 0.4   (2.5 )   (2.1 ) Effective income tax rate 38.0  %   31.4  %   31.3  % (a) Other - net is composed of numerous items, none of which is greater than 1.75 percent of income before income taxes. At  December 31, 2014 , U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on  $8.6 billion  of unremitted earnings of subsidiaries operating outside the U.S.  These earnings, which are considered to be invested indefinitely, would become subject to income tax if they were remitted as dividends, were lent to one of our U.S. entities, or if we were to sell our stock in the subsidiaries.  Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability on these unremitted earnings is not practicable because of the complexities associated with this hypothetical calculation.  We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the United States to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or results of operations in the foreseeable future. Presented below is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized income tax benefits:   2014   2013   2012 Balance at January 1 $ 473   $ 435   $ 558 Gross increases for tax positions of prior years 36   73   30 Gross decreases for tax positions of prior years (91 )   (31 )   (104 ) Gross increases for tax positions of the current year 87   37   52 Settlements (77 )   (35 )   (100 ) Other (12 )   (6 )   (1 ) Balance at December 31 $ 416   $ 473   $ 435 Of the amounts recorded as unrecognized tax benefits at  December 31, 2014 ,  $266  would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.  During the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , the net cost in interest and penalties was not significant.  Total accrued penalties and net accrued interest was  $28  and  $42  at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively.  It is reasonably possible that a number of uncertainties could be resolved within the next 12 months, the most significant of which involves tax credits.  It is reasonably possible the aggregate resolution of the uncertainties could be up to  $130 , while none of the uncertainties is individually significant.  Resolution of these matters is not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.    52 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report As of  December 31, 2014 , the following tax years remain subject to examination for the major jurisdictions where we conduct business: Jurisdiction Years United States 2012 to 2014 United Kingdom 2012 to 2014 Brazil 2009 to 2014 Korea 2014 China 2003 to 2014 Our U.S. federal income tax returns have been audited through  2011 .  We have various federal income tax return positions in administrative appeals or litigation for  1999 to 2011 . State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of  3 to 5 years  after filing of the respective return.  The state effect of any changes to filed federal positions remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to  two  years after formal notification to the states.  We have various state income tax return positions in the process of examination, administrative appeals or litigation. Note 17 .    Earnings Per Share ("EPS") There are no adjustments required to be made to net income for purposes of computing basic and diluted EPS.  The average number of common shares outstanding is reconciled to those used in the basic and diluted EPS computations as follows: (Millions of shares)   2014   2013   2012 Basic   374.5   384.0   393.0 Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted share unit awards   2.9   3.3   3.1 Diluted   377.4   387.3   396.1 Options outstanding that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS mainly because their exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common shares are summarized below:   2014   2013   2012 Average number of share equivalents (millions) 1.1   1.1   1.1 Weighted-average exercise price $ 107.54   $ 103.29   $ 78.54 Options outstanding at year-end (millions) 1.7   1.8   1.7 The weighted-average exercise price for 2014 has been converted to reflect the impact on outstanding stock options as a result of the spin-off of our health care business.  The number of common shares outstanding as of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  365.3 million ,  380.8 million  and  389.3 million , respectively. Note 18 .    Business Segment Information We are organized into operating segments based on product groupings.  These operating segments have been aggregated into three reportable global business segments: Personal Care, Consumer Tissue and KCP.  The reportable segments were determined in accordance with how our executive managers develop and execute global strategies to drive growth and profitability.  These strategies include global plans for branding and product positioning, technology, research and development programs, cost reductions including supply chain management, and capacity and capital investments for each of these businesses.  Segment management is evaluated on several factors, including operating profit.  Segment operating profit excludes other (income) and expense, net and income and expense not associated with the business segments, including the charges related to the 2014 organization restructuring, the European strategic changes and the pulp and tissue restructuring actions described in Notes  3 ,  4  and  5 , respectively.    53 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report The principal sources of revenue in each global business segment are described below: • Personal Care  brands offer parents a trusted partner in caring for their families and deliver confidence, protection and discretion to adults through a wide variety of innovative solutions and products such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products.  Products in this segment are sold under the Huggies, Pull-Ups, Little Swimmers, GoodNites, DryNites, Kotex, U by Kotex, Intimus, Depend, Plenitud, Poise and other brand names. • Consumer Tissue  offers a wide variety of innovative solutions and trusted brands that touch and improve people's lives every day.  Products in this segment include facial and bathroom tissue, paper towels, napkins and related products, and are sold under the Kleenex, Scott, Cottonelle, Viva, Andrex, Scottex, Neve and other brand names. • K-C Professional  helps transform workplaces for employees and patrons, making them healthier, safer and more productive, through a range of solutions and supporting products such as apparel, wipers, soaps, sanitizers, tissue and towels.  Key brands in this segment include Kleenex, Scott, WypAll, Kimtech and Jackson   Safety.   Net sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. were approximately  13 percent  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Information concerning consolidated operations by business segment is presented in the following tables:  Consolidated Operations by Business Segment   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 NET SALES (a)           Personal Care $ 9,635   $ 9,536   $ 9,576 Consumer Tissue 6,645   6,637   6,527 K-C Professional 3,388   3,323   3,283 Corporate & Other 56   65   81 TOTAL NET SALES $ 19,724   $ 19,561   $ 19,467             OPERATING PROFIT (b)   Personal Care $ 1,803   $ 1,698   $ 1,660 Consumer Tissue 1,062   988   887 K-C Professional 604   605   542 Corporate & Other (c) (495 )   (381 )   (717 ) Other (income) and expense, net (c) 453   7   (5 ) TOTAL OPERATING PROFIT $ 2,521   $ 2,903   $ 2,377 (a) Net sales in the United States to third parties totaled  $8,573 ,  $8,557  and  $8,514  in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. (b) Segment operating profit excludes other (income) and expense, net and income and expenses not associated with the business segments. (c) Corporate & Other and other (income) and expense, net include the following charges:    54 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report     Year Ended December 31     2014   2013   2012     European Strategic Changes   European Strategic Changes   European Strategic Changes   Pulp and Tissue Restructuring Actions   Total Personal Care   $ 20   $ 36   $ 213   $ —   $ 213 Consumer Tissue   12   27   66   125   191 K-C Professional   1   13   20   9   29 Other (income) and expense, net   —   5   —   1   1 Total   $ 33   $ 81   $ 299   $ 135   $ 434 Corporate & Other also includes charges related to the 2014 organization restructuring of  $133  and a charge of  $41  related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet in  2014 .  In addition, other (income) and expense, net for 2014 includes a charge of  $35  related to a regulatory dispute in the Middle East, and for 2014 and 2013 includes charges of  $421  and  $36  related to the remeasurement of the Venezuelan balance sheet, respectively.   Personal Care   Consumer Tissue   K-C Professional   Corporate & Other   Ongoing Operations   Health Care Business (Spun-off)   Consolidated Total Depreciation and Amortization                           2014 $ 359   $ 299   $ 132   $ 3   $ 793   $ 69   $ 862 2013 332   318   138   4   792   71   863 2012 315   331   141   11   798   59   857 Assets                           2014 6,373   5,229   2,339   1,585   15,526   —   15,526 2013 6,623   5,483   2,431   2,012   16,549   2,370   18,919 2012 7,014   5,531   2,739   2,058   17,342   2,531   19,873 Capital Spending                           2014 501   314   143   6   964   75   1,039 2013 461   328   118   2   909   44   953 2012 551   352   116   32   1,051   42   1,093 Sales of Principal Products (Billions of dollars)   2014   2013   2012 Consumer tissue products   $ 6.6   $ 6.6   $ 6.5 Baby and child care products   7.0   7.0   7.1 Away-from-home professional products   3.4   3.3   3.3 All other   2.7   2.7   2.6 Consolidated   $ 19.7   $ 19.6   $ 19.5 Note 19 .    Supplemental Data Supplemental Income Statement Data   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Advertising expense $ 767   $ 769   $ 804 Research expense 368   333   335    55 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Equity Companies' Data   Net Sales   Gross Profit   Operating Profit   Net Income   Corporation's Share of Net Income 2014 $ 2,452   $ 781   $ 485   $ 304   $ 146 2013 2,638   950   642   426   205 2012 2,514   864   567   368   177   Current Assets   Non- Current Assets   Current Liabilities   Non- Current Liabilities   Stockholders' Equity 2014 $ 1,016   $ 1,040   $ 690   $ 963   $ 403 2013 1,197   1,124   847   845   629 2012 1,054   1,068   712   837   573 Equity companies are principally engaged in operations in the personal care and consumer tissue businesses.  At  December 31, 2014 , our ownership interest in Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V. and subsidiaries was  47.9% .  Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is partially owned by the public, and its stock is publicly traded in Mexico.  At  December 31, 2014 , our investment in this equity company was  $194 , and the estimated fair value of the investment was  $3.4 billion  based on the market price of publicly traded shares.  Our other equity ownership interests are not significant to our consolidated balance sheet or financial results. At  December 31, 2014 , unremitted net income of equity companies included in consolidated retained earnings was  $1.0 billion . Supplemental Balance Sheet Data See Note 2 for the impact of the spin-off of our health care business on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.   December 31 Summary of Accounts Receivable, Net 2014   2013 From customers $ 2,079   $ 2,345 Other 210   271 Less allowance for doubtful accounts and sales discounts (66 )   (71 ) Total $ 2,223   $ 2,545   December 31   2014   2013 Summary of Inventories by Major Class LIFO   Non- LIFO   Total   LIFO   Non- LIFO   Total At the lower of cost, determined on the FIFO or weighted-average cost methods, or market                       Raw materials $ 104   $ 322   $ 426   $ 143   $ 319   $ 462 Work in process 120   95   215   189   97   286 Finished goods 511   672   1,183   648   753   1,401 Supplies and other —   288   288   —   326   326   735   1,377   2,112   980   1,495   2,475 Excess of FIFO or weighted-average cost over LIFO cost (220 )   —   (220 )   (242 )   —   (242 ) Total $ 515   $ 1,377   $ 1,892   $ 738   $ 1,495   $ 2,233    56 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report   December 31 Summary of Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 2014   2013 Land $ 177   $ 196 Buildings 2,574   2,776 Machinery and equipment 13,437   14,193 Construction in progress 591   515   16,779   17,680 Less accumulated depreciation (9,420 )   (9,732 ) Total $ 7,359   $ 7,948 Property, plant and equipment, net in the United States as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 was  $3,685  and  $3,917 , respectively.   December 31 Summary of Accrued Expenses 2014   2013 Accrued advertising and promotion $ 326   $ 355 Accrued salaries and wages 415   471 Accrued rebates 258   358 Accrued taxes - income and other 330   336 Derivatives 113   44 Other 532   496 Total $ 1,974   $ 2,060 Supplemental Cash Flow Statement Data Summary of Cash Flow Effects of Decrease (Increase) in Operating Working Capital Year Ended December 31 2014   2013   2012 Accounts receivable $ 267   $ 4   $ (38 ) Inventories 12   100   9 Trade accounts payable (30 )   128   45 Accrued expenses (120 )   (177 )   133 Accrued income taxes (159 )   (90 )   13 Derivatives 103   5   (86 ) Currency and other (249 )   (128 )   43 Total $ (176 )   $ (158 )   $ 119   Year Ended December 31 Other Cash Flow Data 2014   2013   2012 Interest paid $ 300   $ 307   $ 299 Income taxes paid 926   776   451    57 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Kimberly-Clark Corporation: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014.  Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.  These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated  February 18, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting.  /s/ D ELOITTE  & T OUCHE  LLP   Deloitte & Touche LLP Dallas, Texas February 18, 2015    58 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of  December 31, 2014 , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of  December 31, 2014 . Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management's Report on the Financial Statements Our management is responsible for all aspects of the business, including the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report.  The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles considered appropriate in the circumstances to present fairly our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows on a consistent basis.  Management also has prepared the other information in this annual report and is responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the Consolidated Financial Statements. Some financial statement amounts are based on estimates and judgments, and measures have been taken to provide reasonable assurance of the integrity and reliability of the financial information contained in this annual report.  These measures include an effective control-oriented environment in which the internal audit function plays an important role and an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that oversees the financial reporting process.  The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. During its audits, Deloitte & Touche LLP was given unrestricted access to all financial records, including minutes of all meetings of stockholders and our Board of Directors and all committees of our Board.  Management believes that all representations made to the independent registered public accountants during their audits were valid and appropriate. Audit Committee Oversight and Our Code of Conduct The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, assists our Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of the quality and integrity of our accounting, auditing and financial reporting practices; the audits of our Consolidated Financial Statements; and internal control over financial reporting.  The Audit Committee reviews with the auditors any relationships that may affect their objectivity and independence.  The Audit Committee also reviews with management, the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm the quality and adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, including compliance matters related to our code of conduct, and the results of internal and external audits.  The Audit Committee has reviewed and recommended that the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report be included in the Form 10-K for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our code of conduct, among other things, contains policies for conducting business affairs in a lawful and ethical manner everywhere we do business, for avoiding potential conflicts of interest and for preserving confidentiality of information and business ideas.  Internal controls have been implemented to provide reasonable assurance that the code of conduct is followed. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, including safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition.  This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our Board of Directors regarding preparation of reliable published financial statements and safeguarding of our assets.  This system is supported with written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms and is audited by the internal audit function.  Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified.  All internal control systems have inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumvention and overriding of controls, and, therefore, can provide only reasonable assurance as to the reliability of financial statement preparation and such asset safeguarding.    59 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 .  In making this assessment, we used the criteria described in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of  December 31, 2014 , our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Deloitte & Touche LLP has issued its attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. That attestation report appears below.   /s/ Thomas J. Falk   /s/ Mark A. Buthman     Thomas J. Falk   Mark A. Buthman     Chairman of the Board and   Senior Vice President and     Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer               February 18, 2015       Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation described above in "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Kimberly-Clark Corporation: We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  The Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting .  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.      60 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of the Corporation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014 and our report dated  February 18, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule.  /s/ D ELOITTE  & T OUCHE  LLP   Deloitte & Touche LLP Dallas, Texas February 18, 2015 ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION None.    61 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report PART III ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following sections of our  2015  Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the " 2015  Proxy Statement") are incorporated in this Item 10 by reference: • "The Nominees" under "Proposal 1. Election of Directors," which identifies our directors and nominees for our Board of Directors. • "Other Information—Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance." • "Corporate Governance—Other Corporate Governance Policies and Practices–Code of Conduct," which describes our Code of Conduct. • "Other Information—Stockholder Nominations for Board of Directors," which describes the procedures by which stockholders may nominate candidates for election to our Board of Directors. • "Corporate Governance—Board Committees–Audit Committee," which identifies members of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and an audit committee financial expert. Information regarding our executive officers is reported under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report. ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information in the sections of the  2015  Proxy Statement captioned "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation Tables," "Director Compensation" and "Corporate Governance—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" is incorporated in this Item 11 by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information in the section of the  2015  Proxy Statement captioned "Other Information—Security Ownership Information" is incorporated in this Item 12 by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table gives information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of our equity compensation plans as of  December 31, 2014 .   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (in millions) (a)   Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (b)   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (in millions) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 9.4  (2)   $82.32   22 (1)   Includes (a) the stockholder-approved 2011 Equity Participation Plan (the "2011 Plan"), which effective April 21, 2011 amended and restated the stockholder-approved 2001 Equity Participation Plan and (b) the stockholder-approved 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan (the "2011 Outside Directors' Plan"), which effective April 21, 2011 amended and restated the Outside Directors' Compensation Plan.  (2)   Includes 2.4 million restricted share units granted under the 2011 Plan (including shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding performance-based restricted share units, assuming the target award is met; actual shares issued may vary, depending on actual performance). Upon vesting, a share of Kimberly-Clark common stock is issued for each restricted share unit. Column (b) does not take these awards into account because they do not have an exercise price. Also includes 0.3 million restricted share units granted under the 2011 Outside Directors' Plan.  Upon retirement from or any other termination of service from the Board, a share of Kimberly-Clark common stock is issued for each restricted share unit.  Column (b) does not take these awards into account because they do not have an exercise price.    62 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan In 2011, our Board of Directors and our stockholders approved the 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan, which amended and restated our Outside Directors' Compensation Plan.  A maximum of 1 million shares of our common stock is available for grant under this plan.  The Board may grant awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted share units or any combination of cash, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or restricted share units under this plan. ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information in the sections of the  2015  Proxy Statement captioned "Other Information—Transactions with Related Persons" and "Corporate Governance—Director Independence" is incorporated in this Item 13 by reference. ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information in the sections of the  2015  Proxy Statement captioned "Principal Accounting Firm Fees" and "Audit Committee Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services" under "Proposal 2. Ratification of Auditors" is incorporated in this Item 14 by reference.     63 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report PART IV ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 1. Financial statements. The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K. 2. Financial statement schedules. The following information is filed as part of this Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements contained in Item 8: • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Schedule for Kimberly-Clark Corporation and Subsidiaries: • Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts All other schedules have been omitted because they were not applicable or because the required information has been included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits          Exhibit No. (2)a. Distribution Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, between Halyard Health, Inc. and the Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2014. Exhibit No. (3)a. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 30, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (3)a of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 1, 2009. Exhibit No. (3)b. By-Laws, as amended April 30, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (3)b of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 1, 2009. Exhibit No. (4). Copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on request. Exhibit No. (10)a. Management Achievement Award Program, as amended and restated November 13, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)a of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008.* Exhibit No. (10)b. Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated as of December 31, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)b of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 17, 2014.* Exhibit No. (10)c. Seventh Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, effective January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)c of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008.* Exhibit No. (10)d. Executive Officer Achievement Award Program as amended November 12, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)d of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008.* Exhibit No. (10)f. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, dated December 31, 2005, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)f of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005.*    64 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Exhibit No. (10)g. Outside Directors' Stock Compensation Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)g of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002.* Exhibit No. (10)h. Supplemental Benefit Plan to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective April 17, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)h of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009.* Exhibit No. (10)i. Second Supplemental Benefit Plan to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Pension Plan, as amended and restated, effective April 17, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)i of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009.* Exhibit No. (10)j. Kimberly-Clark Corporation Supplemental Retirement 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)j of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 21, 2009.* Exhibit No. (10)l. 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective April 21, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.l of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 26, 2011.* Exhibit No. (10)m. 2011 Equity Participation Plan, as amended and restated, effective April 21, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 26, 2011.* Exhibit No. (10)n. Form of Award Agreements under 2011 Equity Participation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)n of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014.* Exhibit No. (10)o. Summary of Outside Directors' Compensation pursuant to the 2011 Outside Directors' Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2015, filed herewith. Exhibit No. (10)p. Severance Pay Plan, amended and restated, effective June 25, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)p of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014.* Exhibit No. (10)t. Summary of Financial Counseling Program for Kimberly-Clark Corporation Executives, dated November 12, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)t of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008.* Exhibit No. (10)u. Letter Agreement between the Corporation and Michael Hsu, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. (10)u of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Exhibit No. (10)v. Tax Matters Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, between Halyard Health, Inc. and the Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2014. Exhibit No. (12). Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the five years ended December 31, 2014, filed herewith. Exhibit No. (21). Subsidiaries of the Corporation, filed herewith.    65 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report Exhibit No. (23). Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, filed herewith. Exhibit No. (24). Powers of Attorney, filed herewith. Exhibit No. (31)a. Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), filed herewith. Exhibit No. (31)b. Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, filed herewith. Exhibit No. (32)a. Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, furnished herewith. Exhibit No. (32)b. Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, furnished herewith. Exhibit No. (101).INS XBRL Instance Document Exhibit No. (101).SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit No. (101).CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit No. (101).DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit No. (101).LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit No. (101).PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be identified pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    66 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION       February 18, 2015 By: /s/    Mark A. Buthman              Mark A. Buthman     Senior Vice President and     Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.   /s/    Thomas J. Falk   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) February 18, 2015 Thomas J. Falk             /s/    Mark A. Buthman   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) February 18, 2015 Mark A. Buthman             /s/    Michael T. Azbell   Vice President and Controller (principal accounting officer) February 18, 2015 Michael T. Azbell       Directors   John R. Alm    James M. Jenness John F. Bergstrom    Nancy J. Karch Abelardo E. Bru    Ian C. Read Robert W. Decherd    Linda Johnson Rice Fabian T. Garcia    Marc J. Shapiro Mae C. Jemison        By: /s/    Thomas J. Mielke            February 18, 2015   Thomas J. Mielke Attorney-in-Fact        67 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2014 ,  2013  AND  2012   (Millions of dollars) Description Balance at Beginning of Period   Additions   Deductions     Charged to Costs and Expenses   Charged to Other Accounts (a)   Write-Offs and Reclassifications   Balance at End of Period December 31, 2014                   Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply                   Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 51   $ 13   $ (7 )   $ 7 (b)   $ 50 Allowances for sales discounts 20   265   (1 )   268 (c)   16 December 31, 2013                   Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply                   Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 60   $ —   $ (4 )   $ 5 (b)   $ 51 Allowances for sales discounts 20   275   (1 )   274 (c)   20 December 31, 2012                   Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply                   Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 57   $ 9   $ —   $ 6 (b)   $ 60 Allowances for sales discounts 21   280   —   281 (c)   20 (a)   Includes bad debt recoveries and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. (b)   Primarily uncollectible receivables written off. (c)   Sales discounts allowed.       Additions         Description Balance at Beginning of Period   Charged to Costs and Expenses   Charged to Other Accounts   Deductions (a)   Balance at End of  Period December 31, 2014                   Deferred taxes                   Valuation allowance $ 197   $ 30   $ —   $ 12   $ 215 December 31, 2013                   Deferred taxes                   Valuation allowance $ 215   $ (11 )   $ —   $ 7   $ 197 December 31, 2012                   Deferred taxes                   Valuation allowance $ 229   $ (18 )   $ —   $ (4 )   $ 215 (a)   Represents the net currency effects of translating valuation allowances at current rates of exchange.    68 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION  - 2014 Annual Report 	 
 
 
 
