
 10-K
 1
 alk10-k123113.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 ALK 10-K 12/31/13 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549   FORM 10-K   T ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2013     OR £ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the transition period from                      to                        Commission File Number 1-8957 ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. Delaware   91-1292054 (State of Incorporation)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   19300 International Boulevard, Seattle, Washington 98188 Telephone: (206) 392-5040   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value New York Stock Exchange  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes    T    No   £     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  £       No     T   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     T   No   £   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  T  No  £ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   T   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  Large accelerated filer      T   Accelerated filer   £      Non-accelerated filer    £   Smaller reporting company    £   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes  £  No  T   As of  January 31, 2014 , shares of common stock outstanding totaled  68,687,253 . T he aggregate market value of the shares of common stock of Alaska Air Group, Inc. held by nonaffiliates on  June 30, 2013 , was approximately  $3.6 billion  (based on the closing price of  $51.70  per share on the New York Stock Exchange on that date).  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of Definitive Proxy Statement relating to  2014  Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2013     TABLE OF CONTENTS     PART I    4 ITEM 1. OUR BUSINESS  4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  15 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  20 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  20 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  21 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  22 PART II    23 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  23 ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA  25 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  26 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK  48 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  49 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  82 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  82 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  84 PART III    84 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  84 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  84 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  84 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  85 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   85 PART IV    85 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS  85   SIGNATURES  86   As used in this Form 10-K, the terms “Air Group,” the "Company," “our,” “we” and "us," refer to Alaska Air Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Alaska Airlines, Inc. and Horizon Air Industries, Inc. are referred to as “Alaska” and “Horizon,” respectively, and together as our “airlines.”    2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   In addition to historical information, this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements are those that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical matters.  You can generally identify forward-looking statements as statements containing the words “believe,” “expect,” “will,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “assume” or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or the Company’s present expectations.   You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which this report was filed with the SEC.  We expressly disclaim any obligation to issue any updates or revisions to our forward-looking statements, even if subsequent events cause our expectations to change regarding the matters discussed in those statements.  Over time, our actual results, performance or achievements will likely differ from the anticipated results, performance or achievements that are expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, and such differences might be significant and materially adverse to our shareholders.  For a discussion of these and other risk factors in this Form 10-K, see “Item 1A: Risk Factors.”  Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this report.  3 Table of Contents PART I   ITEM 1.  OUR BUSINESS Alaska Air Group operates Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air, which together with its partner regional airlines, serve nearly 100 cities through an expansive network in Alaska, the Lower 48, Hawaii, Canada and Mexico.  During  2013 , we carried  27 million  passengers while earning record full-year adjusted earnings of  $383 million . Our objective is to be one of the most respected U.S. airlines by our customers, employees, and shareholders.  We believe our success depends on our ability to provide safe air transportation, develop relationships with customers by providing exceptional customer service and low fares, and maintain a competitive cost structure to compete effectively.  Over the past decade, we have worked to transform our company to achieve these objectives.  In  2013 , Alaska Airlines ranked “Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Traditional Network Carriers” by J.D. Power and Associates for the  sixth  year in a row.  We have been the leader in the industry for on-time performance among major airlines for the past four years.  In  2013 , we reported our  tenth  consecutive annual profit on an adjusted basis, and achieved an after-tax return on invested capital of  13.6% , surpassing our 10% goal for the  fourth  year in a row.  Strong earnings improved our cash flow and strengthened our balance sheet resulting in (i) lower debt-to-capital ratio of  35% , (ii) cash and marketable securities balance of $1.3 billion, and (iii) fully-funded defined-benefit pension plans.  This minimizes our financial risk and led Standard and Poor's to upgrade our credit rating to "BB+" in  2013 .  In addition, over the past decade, we have diversified our network to better respond to the seasonality in our business and provide more destinations for our customers.  Since 2007, we have added 102 new routes to our network.  As we look to the future, we will build on the success of the past few years by executing our strategic plan — the Five Focus Areas: Safety and Compliance We have an unwavering commitment to run a safe and compliant operation, and we will not compromise this commitment in the pursuit of other initiatives.  Alaska and Horizon, in coordination with the FAA, began implementing a Safety Management System (SMS) to better identify and manage risk.  Both airlines achieved Level 2 certification in  2013 , and are currently moving forward to Level 3 certification. Our goal is to reach Level 4 certification for a fully-implemented and FAA-approved SMS by 2015.  During the current year, 100% of our Alaska aircraft technicians completed the requirements for the FAA's "Diamond Certificate of Excellence" award for the 12th consecutive year and our Horizon aircraft technicians completed the requirements for the 12th time in the last 14 years.    People Focus While aircraft and technology enable us to provide air transportation, we recognize this is fundamentally a people business and our success depends on our employees.  Strengthening our "small company feel" will allow our employees to execute as a unified team on the frontlines and behind the scenes.  Air Group employees have attended our Flight Path program, a one-day workshop to share the future vision for our company.  In addition, all employees participate in the Performance-Based Pay (PBP) and Operational Performance Rewards (OPR) programs, which encourage employees to work together to achieve metrics related to safety, profitability, on-time performance, low costs and customer satisfaction.  Over the last  five  years, our incentive programs have paid out over  $430 million .  This is consistent with one of our guiding principles that we want to pay our people well with a goal of reaching the industry’s best productivity over time.  To that end, we signed three long-term agreements with various labor groups during the year and reached tentative five-year agreements with the Alaska flight attendants in December 2013 and with the clerical, office, and passenger service employees in February 2014.  Additionally, we have voluntarily contributed  $620 million  to our pensions over the past five years, making us the only airline that has fully-funded defined-benefit pension plans. Hassle-Free Customer Experience We want to be the easiest airline to fly, which we will do by improving each step of the customer's journey from booking a ticket to our in-flight experience.  During  2013 , we upgraded our Android and iPhone applications to allow our customers to book tickets, shop for partner awards, sign up for the Mileage Plan, pay for bags, track flight details, check-in, get push notifications, utilize iPhone Passbook and Google Wallet, and view upgrade status and standby lists.  We surpassed 1 million customer downloads of our apps during the year.  We also increased the number of self-bag tagging locations to eight in  2013  (SEA, PDX, ANC, SAN, SAT, SLC, MCI, and MSP), which allows customers to print and attach their own luggage tags from a self-service kiosk in the airport lobby.  We tested at home web bag-tagging for those traveling direct to our Hawaii destinations and are working closely with the TSA to offer this option more broadly in 2014.  The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Pre-Check Program is available in 27 of our locations, which allows eligible customers to opt-in for reduced screening   4 Table of Contents requirements, and the Pre-Check notification is now visible on our boarding passes.   As passengers take more control of their travel experience, we are able to reduce the time it takes a customer to move from the airport curb to the aircraft. At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (Sea-Tac), we started transforming the airport's North Satellite terminal into an upgraded, modernized facility that will become our airlines' primary terminal and will enhance the customer experience and support growth.  The project will include design upgrades, enhanced traveler amenities, additional gates, and a new roof-top Boardroom.  Together with the Sea-Tac Airport, we will break ground in 2014 on a project to install sloped walkways from the C-Concourse to ground-level boarding areas along with new covered walkways to the aircraft.  In several years, Alaska will be the sole airline tenant of the North Satellite and Horizon will operate entirely from the C Concourse. We continued to improve our in-flight experience with our cabin upgrade project, featuring the innovative and comfortable Recaro seats with both 110-volt and USB power outlets for every passenger, and an enhanced inflight entertainment system that allows customers to stream movies and television shows to any Wi-Fi enabled device.  The first aircraft complete with seats with power  debuted in December and we expect to finish the project for the majority of our 737's by the end of 2014.  Also in 2013, we purchased nine new 737-900ER's with the Boeing Sky Interior, which includes variable ambient cabin lighting, larger window recesses, and overhead bins which provide more headroom all designed to offer a greater sense of space.  In 2014, we expect to purchase ten new 737-900ER's with the Boeing Sky Interior. Energetic and Compelling Brand We are fortunate to have high brand awareness and customer loyalty in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, our core markets.  To maintain market share in core markets, while also growing in newer markets like California, Hawaii and cities in the mid-continental and eastern U.S., we believe we must better understand what is important to our customers, and position our brand appropriately to help differentiate us from the competition.  In 2013, we aggressively optimized our marketing initiatives to help us to continue to raise awareness and consideration in new markets and increase advocacy in established ones.  In pursuit of building an energetic and compelling brand, in 2014, we will be making a significant investment in our brand refresh initiative. We continue to leverage our brand and technology to develop a direct relationship with more of our customers.  In  2013 , approximately  55%  of our ticket sales were made through  alaskaair.com , up a point from 2012.  In addition to more traditional online advertising efforts, we continue to invest in our social media communities, such as Facebook and Twitter.  We saw healthy increases in both of our primary social communities with Facebook growing by 45.9% and Twitter by 43.2%.   In  2013 , we expanded our customer support team so that we can continue to provide customers with exceptional customer service throughout their journey.  Also in support of our brand, we position ourselves as the industry leader in community and environmental stewardship. In  2013 , we were named the most fuel-efficient airline in the U.S. by the International Council on Clean Transportation, collected and recycled over 77% of waste collected during flights, and donated $7.6 million to more than 1,300 charitable organizations including support for the grand opening of Aviation High School in Seattle and other educational efforts. Our employees also volunteered more than 10,500 hours of community service. Low Fares, Low Costs and Network Growth In order to provide low fares to our customers while returning value to our shareholders, we believe we must maintain a competitive cost structure.  In  2013 , we lowered our unit costs, excluding fuel, by  0.1%  on a consolidated basis, representing the 11th such annual reduction out of the past 12 years.  We achieved this through a continued focus on productivity.  In  2013 , we increased employee productivity by  4.0%  and will continue to focus on that metric as we leverage growth.  We also continue to manage fuel costs by flying larger, more fuel-efficient aircraft, which have increased our fuel efficiency as measured by available seat miles flown per gallon by  3.7%  over the last five years.  Looking forward, we have committed to purchasing  32  737-900ER and  37  737-MAX aircraft, with deliveries in  2014  to  2022 , to position us for growth and ensure we will continue to operate the quietest and most fuel-efficient aircraft available for the foreseeable future. In  2013 , we added 17 new markets to our network and exited two as we continued to better match supply with demand.  We diversified our network further to offer more utility to our customers by expanding services out of Anchorage, Portland, San Diego, and Seattle, and began service to Salt Lake City, Omaha, Steamboat Springs, and Colorado Springs. We will also add new routes out of Salt Lake City to Boise, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Portland, San Diego, San Jose, and San Francisco in  2014 .    5 Table of Contents AIR GROUP Alaska Air Group is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1985 and the holding company of Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air.  Although Alaska and Horizon both operate as airlines, their business plans, competition, and economic risks differ substantially.  Alaska Airlines is an Alaska corporation that was organized in 1932 and incorporated in 1937.  Horizon Air Industries is a Washington corporation that first began service and was incorporated in 1981.  Horizon was acquired by Air Group in 1986.  Alaska operates a fleet of passenger jets (mainline) and contracts with Horizon, SkyWest Airlines, Inc. (SkyWest) and Peninsula Airways, Inc. (PenAir) for regional capacity under which Alaska receives all passenger revenue from those flights.  Horizon operates a fleet of turboprop aircraft and sells all of its capacity to Alaska pursuant to a capacity purchase arrangement. We attempt to deploy aircraft into the network in ways that best optimize our revenues and profitability, and reduce our seasonality. The percentage of our capacity by market is as follows:   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 West Coast 34 %   35 %   37 %   41 %   45 % Alaska 16 %   17 %   18 %   19 %   20 % Transcon/midcon 22 %   19 %   19 %   19 %   17 % Hawaii 19 %   20 %   16 %   11 %   7 % Mexico 7 %   7 %   9 %   8 %   8 % Canada 2 %   2 %   1 %   2 %   3 % Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 % MAINLINE We offer extensive north/south service within the western U.S., Canada and Mexico, and passenger and dedicated cargo services to and within the state of Alaska.  We also provide long-haul east/west service to Hawaii and 20 cities in the mid-continental and eastern U.S., primarily from Seattle, where we have our largest concentration of departures; although we do offer long-haul departures from other cities as well.   In  2013 , we carried  19.7 million  revenue passengers in our mainline operations, and we carry more passengers between Alaska and the U.S. mainland than any other airline.  Based on the number of passengers carried in  2013 , Alaska’s leading airports are Seattle, Los Angeles, Anchorage, Portland, and San Diego.  Based on  2013  revenues, the leading nonstop routes are Seattle-Anchorage, Seattle-Los Angeles, Seattle-San Diego, Seattle-Las Vegas, and Seattle-San Francisco.  At  December 31, 2013 , Alaska’s operating fleet consisted of  131  Boeing 737 jet aircraft, compared to  124  B737 aircraft as of  December 31, 2012 . The percentage of mainline passenger capacity by market and average stage length is presented below:   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 West Coast 28 %   29 %   31 %   33 %   37 % Within Alaska and between Alaska and the U.S. mainland 18 %   18 %   20 %   21 %   23 % Transcon/midcon 25 %   22 %   21 %   24 %   23 % Hawaii 21 %   22 %   18 %   13 %   8 % Mexico 7 %   8 %   8 %   7 %   7 % Canada 1 %   1 %   2 %   2 %   2 % Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %                     Average Stage Length 1,177   1,161   1,114   1,085   1,034  6 Table of Contents REGIONAL   Our regional operations consist of flights operated by Horizon, SkyWest and PenAir.  In  2013 , our regional operations carried approximately  7.7 million  revenue passengers, primarily in the states of Washington, Oregon, Idaho and California.  Horizon is the largest regional airline in the Pacific Northwest and represents over 90% of Air Group's regional revenue passengers.  Based on  2013  passenger enplanements on regional aircraft, our leading airports are Seattle and Portland.  Based on revenues in  2013 , our leading nonstop routes are Seattle-Portland, Seattle-Spokane, and Seattle-Boise.  At  December 31, 2013 , Horizon’s operating fleet consisted of  51  Bombardier Q400 turboprop aircraft, compared to  48  Q400's at  December 31, 2012 .  Horizon flights are listed under Alaska's designator code in airline reservation systems, and in all customer-facing locations. The percentage of regional passenger capacity by market and average stage length is presented below:   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 West Coast 66 %   68 %   68 %   71 %   71 % Pacific Northwest 21 %   20 %   19 %   17 %   18 % Canada 9 %   9 %   9 %   9 %   8 % Within Alaska 2 %   2 %   2 %   2 %   2 % Mexico 1 %   1 %   2 %   1 %   1 % Midcon 1 %   — %   — %   — %   — % Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %                     Average Stage Length 290   294   309   333   327 INDUSTRY CONDITIONS, COMPETITION, AND ALLIANCES   GENERAL The airline industry is highly competitive, subject to various uncertainties, and has historically been characterized by low profit margins.  Uncertainties include general economic conditions, volatile fuel prices, industry instability, new competition, a largely unionized work force, the need to finance large capital expenditures and the related availability of capital, government regulation, and potential aircraft incidents.  Airlines have high fixed costs, primarily for wages, aircraft fuel, aircraft ownership, and facilities rents.  Because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly based on the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers or in pricing has a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results.  In other words, a minor shortfall in expected revenue levels could cause a disproportionately negative impact on our operating and financial results.  Passenger demand and ticket prices are, to a large measure, influenced by the general state of the economy, current global economic and political events, and total available airline seat capacity. In  2013 , the airline industry is expected to report record revenues and profits with passengers topping 3 billion for the first time in history.  As the industry recovers from the deficits accumulated in the past decade, airlines are now moving toward making significant investments in the customer experience to attract demand, and thus, the level of competition is expected to increase in the future years.  FUEL Our business and financial results are highly affected by the price and, potentially, the availability of aircraft fuel.  The cost of aircraft fuel is volatile and outside of our control, and it can have a significant and immediate impact on our operating results.  Over the past five years, aircraft fuel expense ranged from  21%  to  35%  of operating expenses. Fuel prices are impacted by changes in both the price of crude oil and refining margins, and can vary by region in the U.S.    The price of crude oil has ranged from a low of  $62  per barrel in  2009  to a high of $112 in 2011, and averaged  $98  per barrel in  2013 .  For us, a $1 per barrel increase in the price of oil equates to approximately  $11 million  of additional fuel cost annually.  Said another way, a one-cent change in our fuel price per gallon will impact our expected annual fuel cost by approximately  $4.5 million  per year.  7 Table of Contents Refining margins, which represent the price of refining crude oil into aircraft fuel, are a smaller portion of the overall price of jet fuel, but also contributed to the price volatility in recent years.  Refining margin prices have fluctuated between  $2  per barrel and  $50  per barrel in the last five years. Generally, West Coast aircraft fuel prices are somewhat higher and more volatile than prices in the Gulf Coast or on the East Coast, putting our mainline operation at a competitive disadvantage.  Our average raw fuel cost per gallon  decreased   4%  in  2013 , increased 2% in  2012 , and increased 36% in  2011 . The percentage of our aircraft fuel expense by crude and refining margins, as well as the percentage of our aircraft fuel expense of operating expenses are as follows:   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 Crude oil 71 %   65 %   70 %   79 %   82 % Refining margins 19 %   25 %   24 %   14 %   13 % Other (a) 10 %   10 %   6 %   7 %   5 % Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %                     Aircraft fuel expense 34 %   35 %   34 %   27 %   21 % (a)   Other includes gains and losses on settled fuel hedges, unrealized mark-to-market fuel hedge gains or losses, taxes and other into-plane costs. We use crude oil call options and jet fuel refining margin swap contracts as hedges to decrease our exposure to the volatility of jet fuel prices.  Both call options and swaps effectively cap our pricing for the crude oil and refining margin components, limiting our exposure to increasing fuel prices for about half of our planned fuel consumption.  With the call option contracts, we still benefit from the decline in crude oil prices, as there is no future cash exposure above the premiums we pay to enter into the contracts.  The swap contracts do not require an upfront premium, but do expose us to future cash outlays in the event actual prices are below the swap price during the hedge period.  During the second quarter of 2013, we changed the tenor of our hedging program.  Since then, we have been hedging approximately 18 months in advance of consumption compared to 36 months historically.  Additionally, we will reach our target of having 50% of consumption hedged 6 months in advance compared to 12 months historically. We believe that operating fuel-efficient aircraft is the best hedge against high fuel prices.  Alaska operates an all-Boeing 737 fleet and Horizon operates an all-Bombardier Q400 turboprop fleet.  Air Group's fuel-efficiency rate expressed in available seat miles flown per gallon (ASMs/g) improved from  72.6  ASMs/g in  2009  to  75.3  ASMs/g in  2013 .  These improvements have not only reduced our fuel consumption rate, but also the amount of greenhouse gases and other pollutants that our operations emit. COMPETITION Competition in the airline industry is intense and unpredictable.  Our competitors consist primarily of other airlines and, to a lesser extent, other forms of transportation.  Competition can be direct, in the form of another carrier flying the exact non-stop route, or indirect, where a carrier serves the same two cities non-stop from an alternative airport in that city or via an itinerary requiring a connection at another airport. Our five principal competitors, in order of competitive overlap, are Delta, United, Southwest, American, and Hawaiian.  Based on schedules filed with the U.S. Department of Transportation, we expect the amount of competitive overlap from these carriers to increase 9% in 2014.  We also compete with several other domestic and international carriers, but to a lesser extent than our principal competitors. We believe that the following principal competitive factors are important to our customers:   • Safety record   • Customer service and reputation We compete with other airlines in areas of customer service such as on-time performance, passenger amenities - including first class seating, quality of buy-on-board products, aircraft type, and comfort.  In  2013 , Alaska Airlines ranked “Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Traditional Network Carriers” by J.D. Power and Associates for the  sixth  year in a row.  All of our 2013 mainline aircraft deliveries included the Boeing Sky Interior and the innovative and comfortable Recaro seats. In 2014, we will continue to improve our in-flight experience with our cabin upgrade project featuring the Recaro seats with power outlets for every passenger flying our B737-800, -900, and -900ER   8 Table of Contents aircraft.  Additionally, FlightStats.com has named Alaska Airlines the No. 1 on-time major carrier in North America for each of the past three years, 2010-2012, and as of November 2013, we were the No. 1 on-time major carrier in North America for the past 12 months. • Fares and ancillary services The pricing of fares is a significant competitive factor in the airline industry, and the increased availability of fare information on the Internet allows travelers to easily compare fares and identify competitor promotions and discounts. Pricing is driven by a variety of factors, including but not limited to, market-specific capacity, market share per route/geographic area, cost structure, fare vs. ancillary revenue strategies, and demand.  For example, airlines often discount fares to drive traffic in new markets or to stimulate traffic when necessary to improve load factors. In addition, legacy carriers have been able to reduce their operating costs through bankruptcies and mergers, while low-cost carriers have continued to grow their fleets and expand their networks, potentially enabling them to better control costs per available seat mile (the average cost to fly an aircraft seat (empty or full) one mile), which in turn may enable them to lower their fares.  These factors can reduce our pricing power and that of the airline industry as a whole. The domestic airline capacity is dominated by four large carriers, representing approximately 85% of total seats.  Accordingly, if these carriers discount their fares or enter into our core markets, we must match those fares in order to maintain our load factors, often resulting in year-over-year decreases in our yields.  We will defend our core markets vigorously, and if necessary redeploy capacity to better match supply with demand.  We believe the restructuring we've made over the past decade has decreased our costs to the point we can offer low fares while still earning a pre-tax margin greater than 10%. • Routes served, flight schedules, codesharing and interline relationships, and frequent flyer programs We also compete with other airlines based on markets served, the frequency of service to those markets, and frequent flyer opportunities.  Some airlines have more extensive route structures than we do, and they offer significantly more international routes.  In order to expand opportunities for our customers, we enter into codesharing and interline relationships with other airlines that provide reciprocal frequent flyer mileage credit and redemption privileges.  These relationships allow us to offer our customers access to more destinations than we can on our own,  gain exposure in markets we don't serve, and allow our customers more opportunities to earn and redeem frequent flyer miles. In December 2013, we announced that our Mileage Plan members will be able to earn elite qualifying miles on all of our international parters, providing them with even more utility from their membership.  The Mileage Plan elite-level programs include bonus flight miles, complimentary upgrades, priority check-in and boarding, preferred seats, discounted airport lounge membership, fee waivers and access to exclusive events. In addition to domestic or foreign airlines that we compete with on most of our routes, we also compete with ground transportation in our short-haul markets in the regional operations.  Both carriers, to some extent, also compete with technology such as video conferencing and internet-based meeting tools that have changed the need for, or frequency of face-to-face business meetings. AGREEMENTS WITH OTHER AIRLINES Our agreements fall into three different categories: Frequent Flyer, Codeshare, and Interline agreements.  Frequent Flyer Agreements offer reciprocal frequent flyer mileage credit and redemption privileges for our customers.  Alaska offers one of the most comprehensive frequent flyer programs for our Mileage Plan members through our frequent flyer partnerships with a number of domestic and international carriers.  Codeshare agreements allow one or more marketing carriers to sell seats on a single operating carrier that services passengers under multiple flight numbers.  The sale of codeshare seats can vary depending on the sale arrangement. For example, in a free-sale arrangement, the marketing carrier sells the operating carrier's inventory without any restriction; whereas in a block space arrangement, fixed amount of seats are sold to the marketing carrier by the operating carrier.  The interchangeability of the flight code between carriers provides a greater selection of flights for customers, along with increased flexibility for mileage accrual and redemption.   Interline agreements allow airlines to jointly offer a competitive, single-fare itinerary to customers traveling via multiple carriers to a final destination.  An interline itinerary offered by one airline may not necessarily be offered by the other, and the   9 Table of Contents fare collected from passengers are prorated and distributed to interline partners according to preexisting agreements between the carriers.  Frequent Flyer, Codeshare, and Interline agreements help increase our traffic and revenue by providing more route choices to customers.  We have marketing alliances with a number of airlines that provide frequent flyer and codesharing opportunities.  Alliances are an important part of our strategy and enhance our revenues by:   • offering our customers more travel destinations and better mileage credit/redemption opportunities, including elite qualifying miles on all of our major U.S. and international airline partners; • giving our Mileage Plan program a competitive advantage because of our partnership with carriers from two of the three major global alliances (Oneworld and Skyteam);   • giving us access to more connecting traffic from other airlines; and   • providing members of our alliance partners’ frequent flyer programs an opportunity to travel on Alaska and its regional affiliates while earning mileage credit in our partners’ programs.   Most of our codeshare relationships are free-sale codeshares, where the marketing carrier sells seats on the operating carrier’s flights from the operating carrier’s inventory, but takes no inventory risk.  Our marketing agreements have various termination dates, and at any time, one or more may be in the process of renegotiation.   The comprehensive summary of alliances with other airlines are as follows:   Frequent Flyer Agreement   Codeshare — Alaska Flight # on  Flights Operated by  Other Airline   Codeshare — Other Airline Flight #  on Flights Operated by Alaska / Horizon / SkyWest Major U.S. or International Airlines           Aeromexico (a) Yes   No   Yes American Airlines/American Eagle Yes   Yes   Yes Air France Yes   No   Yes British Airways Yes   No   No Cathay Pacific Airways Yes   No   Yes Delta Air Lines (b) Yes   Yes   Yes Emirates Yes   No   Yes KLM Yes   No   Yes Korean Air Yes   No   Yes LAN S.A. Yes   No   Yes Fiji Airways (c) Yes   No   Yes Qantas Yes   No   Yes Regional Airlines           SkyWest (c) Yes   Yes   No Era Alaska Yes   Yes   No PenAir (c) Yes   Yes   No (a)   Alaska and Aeromexico launched a new codeshare partnership in December 2012, and began reciprocal frequent flyer partnership in July 2013. (b)   Alaska has codeshare agreements with the Delta Connection carriers SkyWest, ExpressJet, Pinnacle, and Compass as part of its agreement with Delta.   (c)   These airlines do not have their own frequent flyer program.  However, Alaska’s Mileage Plan members can earn and redeem miles on these airlines’ route systems.  10 Table of Contents The following is the financial impact of our marketing alliances:   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 Air Group Marketed Revenues 90.0%   90.2%   89.3%   89.9%   89.3%                     Codeshare Agreements:                   Delta Air Lines 3.8%   3.4%   3.6%   3.7%   1.9% American Airlines 2.6%   2.7%   3.4%   3.1%   3.4% Others 0.9%   0.8%   0.8%   0.8%   2.3%                     Interline Agreements:                   Domestic Interline 1.9%   2.1%   2.2%   1.9%   2.5% International Interline 0.8%   0.8%   0.7%   0.6%   0.6% Total Operating Revenue 100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0%   100.0% TICKET DISTRIBUTION   Airline tickets are distributed through three primary channels:   • Alaskaair.com:   It is less expensive for us to sell through this direct channel and, as a result, we continue to take steps to drive more business to our website.  In addition, we believe this channel is preferable from a branding and customer-relationship standpoint in that we can establish ongoing communication with the customer and tailor offers accordingly.   • Traditional and online travel agencies:   Both traditional and online travel agencies typically use Global Distribution Systems (GDS), such as Sabre, to obtain their fare and inventory data from airlines.  Bookings made through these agencies result in a fee that is charged to the airline.  Many of our large corporate customers require us to use these agencies.  Some of our competitors do not use this distribution channel and, as a result, have lower ticket distribution costs.   • Reservation call centers:   These call centers are located in Phoenix, AZ, Kent, WA, and Boise, ID.  We generally charge a $15 fee for booking reservations through these call centers. Our sales by channel are as follows:    2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 Alaskaair.com 55 %   54 %   51 %   48 %   45 % Traditional agencies 27 %   27 %   28 %   28 %   32 % Online travel agencies 13 %   13 %   13 %   15 %   11 % Reservation call centers 5 %   6 %   8 %   9 %   12 % Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 % SEASONALITY AND OTHER FACTORS Our results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of those for the entire year because our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations.  Our profitability is generally lowest during the first and fourth quarters due principally to lower traffic.  Profitability typically increases in the second quarter and then reaches its highest level during the third quarter as a result of vacation travel, including increased activity in the state of Alaska.  However, we have taken steps over the past few years to better manage the seasonality of our operations by adding flights to leisure destinations, like Hawaii, and expanding to cities in the mid-continental and eastern U.S. In addition to passenger loads, factors that could cause our quarterly operating results to vary include:   • general economic conditions and resulting changes in passenger demand, •      changes in fuel costs,   • pricing initiatives by us or our competitors,  11 Table of Contents   • the timing and amount of maintenance expenditures (both planned and unplanned), and   • increases or decreases in passenger and volume-driven variable costs.   Many of the markets we serve experience inclement weather conditions in the winter, causing increased costs associated with deicing aircraft, canceling flights, and reaccommodating displaced passengers.  Due to our geographic area of operations, we can be more susceptible to adverse weather conditions, particularly in the state of Alaska and the Pacific Northwest, than some of our competitors, who may be better able to spread weather-related risks over larger route systems. No material part of our business or that of our subsidiaries is dependent upon a single customer, or upon a few high-volume customers. EMPLOYEES Our business is labor intensive.  As of  December 31, 2013 , we employed  13,177  ( 10,201  at Alaska and  2,976  at Horizon) active full-time and part-time employees.  Wages and benefits, including variable incentive pay, represented approximately  42%  of our total non-fuel operating expenses in both  2013  and  2012 . Most major airlines, including ours, have employee groups that are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  Airlines with unionized work forces have higher labor costs than carriers without unionized work forces, and they may not have the ability to adjust labor costs downward quickly enough to respond to new competition.  At  December 31, 2013 , labor unions represented  83%  of Alaska’s and  49%  of Horizon’s employees.  Our relations with our U.S. labor organizations are governed by the Railway Labor Act (RLA).  Under this act, collective bargaining agreements do not expire but instead become amendable as of a stated date.  If either party wishes to modify the terms of any such agreement, it must notify the other party in the manner prescribed by the RLA and/or described in the agreement.  After receipt of such notice, the parties must meet for direct negotiations, and if no agreement is reached, either party may request the National Mediation Board (NMB) to initiate a process including mediation, arbitration, and a potential “cooling off” period that must be followed before either party may engage in self-help. Alaska’s union contracts at  December 31, 2013  were as follows: Union   Employee Group   Number of Employees   Contract Status Air Line Pilots Association International (ALPA)   Pilots   1,440   Amendable 03/31/2018 Association of Flight Attendants (AFA)   Flight attendants   3,132   Tentative agreement reached. International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM)   Ramp service and stock clerks   598   Amendable 7/19/2018 IAM   Clerical, office and passenger service   2,508   Tentative agreement reached. Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA)   Mechanics, inspectors and cleaners   632   Amendable 10/17/2016 Mexico Workers Association of Air Transport   Mexico airport personnel   99   Amendable 9/29/2014 Transport Workers Union of America (TWU)   Dispatchers   41   Amendable 3/24/2015  12 Table of Contents Horizon’s union contracts at  December 31, 2013  were as follows: Union   Employee Group   Number of Employees   Contract Status International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT)   Pilots   551   Amendable 12/14/2018 AFA   Flight attendants   545   Amendable 07/18/18 IBT   Mechanics and related classifications   274   Amendable 12/16/2014 TWU   Dispatchers   16   Amendable 8/26/2014 National Automobile, Aerospace, Transportation and General Workers   Station personnel in  Vancouver and Victoria, BC, Canada   49   Amendable 2/14/2016 IAM   Maintenance Stores   33   In Negotiations EXECUTIVE OFFICERS   The executive officers of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and executive officers of Alaska and Horizon who have significant decision-making responsibilities, their positions and their respective ages are as follows:  Name   Position   Age   Air Group or Subsidiary Officer Since Bradley Tilden   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and Alaska Airlines, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Horizon Air Industries, Inc.   53   1994               Glenn Johnson   Executive Vice President of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and President of Horizon Air Industries, Inc.   55   1991               Keith Loveless   Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and Alaska Airlines, Inc.   57   1996               Benito Minicucci   Executive Vice President/Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Alaska Airlines, Inc.   47   2004               Brandon Pedersen   Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and Alaska Airlines, Inc.   47   2003   Mr. Tilden  joined Alaska Airlines in 1991, became Controller of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and Alaska Airlines in 1994, Chief Financial Officer in February 2000, Executive Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer in January 2002, Executive Vice President/Finance and Planning in 2007, and President of Alaska Airlines in December 2008.  He is a member of Air Group’s Management Executive Committee and was elected to the Air Group Board in 2010.  He was elected Chief Executive Officer of Alaska Air Group, Inc., Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air Industries in May 2012, and was elected Chairman of the Board in November 2013.   Mr. Johnson  joined Alaska Airlines in 1982, became Vice President/Controller and Treasurer of Horizon Air Industries in 1991 and Vice President/Customer Services in 2002.  He returned to Alaska Airlines in 2003 where he has served in several roles, including Vice President/Finance and Controller and Vice President/Finance and Treasurer.  He served as Senior Vice President/Customer Service – Airports from January 2006 through April 2007 and in April 2007, he was elected Executive Vice President/Airports and Maintenance and Engineering.  He was elected Executive Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines in December 2008.  He was elected President of Horizon Air Industries in June 2010.  He was elected Executive Vice President Alaska Air Group in November 2012.  He is a member of Air Group’s Management Executive Committee.   Mr. Loveless  became Corporate Secretary and Assistant General Counsel of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines in 1996.  In 1999, he was named Vice President/Legal and Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Alaska Air   13 Table of Contents Group and Alaska Airlines.  He was elected Executive Vice President Alaska Air Group in November 2012.  He is a member of Air Group’s Management Executive Committee. Mr. Minicucci  joined Alaska Airlines in 2004 as Staff Vice President of Maintenance and Engineering and was promoted to Vice President of Seattle Operations in June 2008.  He was elected Executive Vice President/Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Alaska Airlines in December 2008.  He is a member of Air Group’s Management Executive Committee. Mr. Pedersen  joined Alaska Airlines in 2003 as Staff Vice President/Finance and Controller of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines and was elected Vice President/Finance and Controller for both entities in 2006.  He was elected Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Alaska Air Group and Alaska Airlines in June 2010.  He is a member of Air Group's Management Executive Committee. REGULATION   GENERAL   The airline industry is highly regulated.  The Department of Transportation (DOT), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) exercise significant regulatory authority over air carriers.   • DOT:   In order to provide passenger and cargo air transportation in the U.S., a domestic airline is required to hold a certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the DOT.  Subject to certain individual airport capacity, noise and other restrictions, this certificate permits an air carrier to operate between any two points in the U.S. Certificates do not expire, but may be revoked for failure to comply with federal aviation statutes, regulations, orders or the terms of the certificates.  While airlines are permitted to establish their own fares without governmental regulation,  the DOT has jurisdiction over the approval of international codeshare agreements, marketing alliance agreements between major domestic carriers, international and some domestic route authorities, Essential Air Service market subsidies, carrier liability for personal or property damage, and certain airport rates and charges disputes.  International treaties may also contain restrictions or requirements for flying outside of the U.S. and impose different carrier liability limits than those applicable to domestic flights.  The DOT has recently been active in implementing a variety of “passenger protection” regulations, covering subjects such as advertising, passenger communications, denied boarding compensation and tarmac delay response.    • FAA:   The FAA, through Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs), generally regulates all aspects of airline operations, including establishing personnel, maintenance and flight operation standards.  Domestic airlines are required to hold a valid air carrier operating certificate issued by the FAA.  Pursuant to these regulations we have established, and the FAA has approved, our operations specifications and a maintenance program for each type of aircraft we operate.  The maintenance program provides for the ongoing maintenance of such aircraft, ranging from frequent routine inspections to major overhauls.  From time to time the FAA issues airworthiness directives (ADs) that must be incorporated into our aircraft maintenance program and operations. All airlines are subject to enforcement actions that are brought by the FAA from time to time for alleged violations of FARs or ADs.  At this time, we are not aware of any enforcement proceedings that could either materially affect our financial position or impact our authority to operate.   • TSA:     Airlines serving the U.S. must operate a TSA-approved Aircraft Operator Standard Security Program (AOSSP), and comply with TSA Security Directives (SDs) and regulations.  Airlines are subject to enforcement actions that are brought by the TSA from time to time for alleged violations of the AOSSP, SDs or security regulations.  We are not aware of any enforcement proceedings that could either materially affect our financial position or impact our authority to operate.  Under TSA authority, we are also required to collect a September 11 Security Fee of $2.50 per enplanement from passengers and remit that sum to the government to fund aviation security me asures.  Carriers also pay the TSA a security infrastructure fee to cover passenger and property screening costs.  These security infrastructure fees amounted to  $13 million  each year in  2013 ,  2012  and  2011 .  Starting July 1, 2014, the TSA security fee will increase to $5.60 per one-way trip.  In addition, starting October 1, 2014, the security infrastructure fees will no longer be in effect. The Department of Justice and DOT have jurisdiction over airline antitrust matters.  The U.S. Postal Service has jurisdiction over certain aspects of the transportation of mail and related services.  Labor relations in the air transportation industry are regulated under the Railway Labor Act.  To the extent we continue to fly to foreign countries and pursue alliances with international carriers, we may be subject to certain regulations of foreign agencies and international treaties.  14 Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL AND OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY MATTERS   We are subject to various laws and government regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in the U.S. and other countries.  U.S. federal laws that have a particular effect on us include the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, and the Oil Pollution Control Act.  We are also subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters.  The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, OSHA, and other federal agencies have been authorized to create and enforce regulations that have an impact on our operations.  In addition to these federal activities, various states have been delegated certain authorities under these federal statutes.  Many state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations.  We maintain our safety, health and environmental programs in order to meet or exceed these requirements. We expect there will be legislation in the future to reduce carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions.  Alaska and Horizon have transitioned to more fuel-efficient aircraft fleets. The Airport Noise and Capacity Act recognizes the rights of airport operators with noise problems to implement local noise abatement programs so long as they do not interfere unreasonably with interstate or foreign commerce or the national air transportation system.  Authorities in several cities have established aircraft noise reduction programs, including the imposition of nighttime curfews.  We believe we have sufficient scheduling flexibility to accommodate local noise restrictions.   Although we do not currently anticipate that these regulatory matters, individually or collectively, will have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, new regulations or compliance issues that we do not currently anticipate could have the potential to harm our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in future periods. INSURANCE We carry Airline Hull, Spares and Comprehensive Legal Liability Insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice to cover damage to aircraft, spare parts and spare engines, as well as bodily injury and property damage to passengers and third parties.  Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, this insurance program excludes coverage for War and Allied Perils, including hijacking, terrorism, malicious acts, strikes, riots, civil commotion and other identified perils.  So, like other airlines, the company has purchased war risk coverage for such events through the U.S. government. We believe that our emphasis on safety and our state-of-the-art flight deck safety technology help to control the cost of aviation insurance. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION   Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available on our website at  www.alaskaair.com,  free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report on Form 10-K.   ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   If any of the following occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.  In such case, the trading price of our common stock could also decline.  We operate in a continually changing business environment.  In this environment, new risks may emerge and already identified risks may vary significantly in terms of impact and likelihood of occurrence.  Management cannot predict such developments, nor can it assess the impact, if any, on our business of such new risk factors or of events described in any forward-looking statements.  We have adopted an enterprise wide Risk Analysis and Oversight Program designed to identify the various risks faced by the organization, assign responsibility for managing those risks to individual executives as well as align these risks with Board oversight.  These enterprise-level identified risks have been aligned to the risk factors discussed below.  15 Table of Contents SAFETY, COMPLIANCE AND OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of an airline accident or incident.   An accident or incident involving one of our aircraft or an aircraft operated by one of our codeshare partners or CPA carriers could involve a significant loss of life and result in a loss of confidence in our airlines by the flying public and/or aviation authorities.  We could experience significant claims from injured passengers, by-standers and surviving relatives, as well as costs for the repair or replacement of a damaged aircraft and its consequential temporary or permanent loss from service.  We maintain liability insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, as do our codeshare partners and CPA carriers.  However, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate to fully cover all claims and we may be forced to bear substantial economic losses from an accident.  Substantial claims resulting from an accident in excess of our related insurance coverage would harm our business and financial results.  Moreover, any aircraft accident or incident, even if fully insured and even if it does not involve one of our aircraft, could cause a public perception that our airlines or the equipment they fly are less safe or reliable than other transportation alternatives, which would harm our business. Changes in government regulation imposing additional requirements and restrictions on our operations or on the airports at which we operate could increase our operating costs and result in service delays and disruptions.   Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal requirements, both domestically and internationally, that involve significant compliance costs.  In the last several years, Congress has passed laws, and the U.S. DOT, the TSA and the FAA have issued regulations that have required significant expenditures relating to the maintenance and operation of airlines and establishment of consumer protections. Similarly, there are a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms at the federal, state, and local level, including increasingly stringent laws protecting the environment, minimum wage requirements, and  health care mandates  that could affect our relationship with our workforce and cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through these costs.   Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost.  Many airports have increased their rates and charges to air carriers related to higher security costs, increased costs related to updated infrastructures, and other costs.  Additional laws, regulations, taxes, and airport rates and charges have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce the demand for air travel.  Although lawmakers may impose these additional fees and view them as “pass-through” costs, we believe that a higher total ticket price will influence consumer purchase and travel decisions and may result in an overall decline in passenger traffic, which would harm our business. The airline industry continues to face potential security concerns and related costs. The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and their aftermath negatively affected the airline industry, including our company.  Additional terrorist attacks, the fear of such attacks or other hostilities involving the U.S. could have a further significant negative effect on the airline industry, including us, and could:   • significantly reduce passenger traffic and yields as a result of a potentially dramatic drop in demand for air travel;   • significantly increase security and insurance costs;   • make war risk or other insurance unavailable or extremely expensive;   • increase fuel costs and the volatility of fuel prices;   • increase costs from airport shutdowns, flight cancellations and delays resulting from security breaches and perceived safety threats; and   • result in a grounding of commercial air traffic by the FAA.   The occurrence of any of these events would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.    16 Table of Contents We rely on third-party vendors for certain critical activities.   We have historically relied on outside vendors for a variety of services and functions critical to our business, including airframe and engine maintenance, ground handling, fueling, computer reservation system hosting, telecommunication systems, and information technology infrastructure and services.  As part of our cost-reduction efforts, our reliance on outside vendors has increased and may continue to do so in the future, especially since we rely on timely and effective third-party performance in conjunction with many of our technology-related initiatives.  In addition, in recent years, Alaska and Horizon have subcontracted their heavy aircraft maintenance, fleet service, facilities maintenance, and ground handling services at certain airports, including Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, to outside vendors.   Even though we strive to formalize agreements with these vendors that define expected service levels, our use of outside vendors increases our exposure to several risks.  In the event that one or more vendors go into bankruptcy, ceases operation or fails to perform as promised, replacement services may not be readily available at competitive rates, or at all.  If one of our vendors fails to perform adequately, we may experience increased costs, delays, maintenance issues, safety issues or negative public perception of our airline.  Vendor bankruptcies, unionization, regulatory compliance issues or significant changes in the competitive marketplace among suppliers could adversely affect vendor services or force us to renegotiate existing agreements on less favorable terms.  These events could result in disruptions in our operations or increases in our cost structure. Our operations are often affected by factors beyond our control, including delays, cancellations, and other conditions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Like other airlines, our operations often are affected by delays, cancellations and other conditions caused by factors largely beyond our control. Other conditions that might impact our operations include:   • lack of a national airline policy; • lack of operational approval (e.g. new routes, aircraft deliveries, etc.) due to government shutdown;  • air traffic congestion at airports or other air traffic control problems;   • adverse weather conditions;   • increased security measures or breaches in security;   • international or domestic conflicts or terrorist activity; and • other changes in business conditions. Due to our concentration of flights in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, we believe a large portion of our operation is more susceptible to adverse weather conditions.  A general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of the above-mentioned factors could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. STRATEGY The airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company.  If we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected. The U.S. airline industry is characterized by substantial price competition.  In recent years, the market share held by low-cost carriers has increased significantly and is expected to continue to increase.  Airlines also compete for market share by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of markets served.  Several of our competitors have increased their capacity in markets we serve, particularly on the West Coast, therefore increasing competition for those destinations. This increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.  We continue to strive toward aggressive cost-reduction goals that are an important part of our business strategy of offering the best value to passengers through competitive fares while achieving acceptable profit margins and return on capital.  If we are   17 Table of Contents unable to reduce our costs over the long-term and achieve sustained targeted return on invested capital, we will likely not be able to grow our business in the future or weather industry downturns and therefore our financial results may suffer. The airline industry may undergo further restructuring, consolidation, or the creation or modification of alliances or joint ventures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to face strong competition from other carriers due to restructuring, consolidation, and the creation and modification of alliances and joint ventures. Since deregulation, both the U.S. and international airline industries have experienced consolidation through a number of mergers and acquisitions. Carriers may improve their competitive positions through airline alliances, slot swaps/acquisitions, and/or joint ventures. Certain airline joint ventures further competition by allowing airlines to coordinate routes, pool revenues and costs, and enjoy other mutual benefits, achieving many of the benefits of consolidation. We depend on a few key markets to be successful.   Our strategy is to focus on serving a few key markets, including Seattle, Los Angeles, Anchorage, Portland,  Hawaii and San Diego.  A significant portion of our flights occur to and from our Seattle hub.  In  2013 , passengers to and from Seattle accounted for  61%  of our total passengers. We believe that concentrating our service offerings in this way allows us to maximize our investment in personnel, aircraft, and ground facilities, as well as to gain greater advantage from sales and marketing efforts in those regions.  As a result, we remain highly dependent on our key markets.  Our business could be harmed by any circumstances causing a reduction in demand for air transportation in our key markets.  An increase in competition in our key markets could also cause us to reduce fares or take other competitive measures that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic uncertainty or another recession would likely impact demand for our product and could harm our financial condition and results of operations.   The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions.  We are also highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the health of the U.S. economy.  Unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have historically driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel.  For some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and shorthaul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel.  Businesses are able to forego air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing and the Internet or may be more likely to purchase less expensive tickets to reduce costs, which can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat.  Unfavorable economic conditions also hamper the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor, and other costs. Unfavorable or even uncertain economic conditions could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft and parts.   Alaska is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for aircraft and many aircraft parts.  Horizon is similarly dependent on Bombardier.  Additionally, each carrier is dependent on sole suppliers for aircraft engines.  As a result, we are more vulnerable to any problems associated with the supply of those aircraft and parts, including design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance by the manufacturers, or adverse perception by the public that would result in customer avoidance or in actions by the FAA resulting in an inability to operate our aircraft. We rely on partner airlines for codeshare and frequent flyer marketing arrangements.   Alaska and Horizon are parties to marketing agreements with a number of domestic and international air carriers, or “partners," including, but not limited to, American Airlines and Delta Air Lines.  These agreements provide that certain flight segments operated by us are held out as partner “codeshare” flights and that certain partner flights are held out for sale as Alaska codeshare flights.  In addition, the agreements generally provide that members of Alaska’s Mileage Plan program can earn miles on or redeem miles for partner flights and vice versa.  We receive revenue from flights sold under codeshare and from interline arrangements.  In addition, we believe that the frequent flyer arrangements are an important part of our Mileage Plan program.  The loss of a significant partner through bankruptcy, consolidation, or otherwise, could have a negative effect on our revenues or the attractiveness of our Mileage Plan, which we believe is a source of competitive advantage.  18 Table of Contents There is ongoing speculation that further airline consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future. We routinely engage in analysis and discussions regarding our own strategic position, including alliances, codeshare arrangements, interline arrangements, frequent flyer program enhancements, and may have future discussions with other airlines regarding similar activities. If other airlines participate in consolidations or reorganizations, those airlines may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of ours and potentially impairing our ability to realize expected benefits from our own strategic relationships. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY We rely heavily on automated systems to operate our business, and a failure to invest in new technology, or a disruption of our current systems or their operators could harm our business.   We depend on automated systems to operate our business, including our airline reservation system, our telecommunication systems, our website, our maintenance systems, our check-in kiosks, and other systems.  Substantially all of our tickets are issued to passengers as electronic tickets and the majority of our customers check in using our website or our airport kiosks.  We depend on our reservation system to be able to issue, track and accept these electronic tickets.  In order for our operations to work efficiently, we must continue to invest in new technology to ensure that our website, reservation system, and check-in systems are able to accommodate a high volume of traffic, maintain secure information, and deliver important flight information.  Substantial or repeated website, reservations system or telecommunication systems failures or service disruptions could reduce the attractiveness of our services and cause our customers to do business with another airline.  In addition, we rely on other automated systems for crew scheduling, flight dispatch, and other operational needs.  Disruptions, untimely recovery, or a breach of these systems could result in the loss of important data, an increase of our expenses, an impact on our operational performance, or a possible temporary cessation of our operations. If we do not maintain the privacy and security of our information, we could damage our reputation and  incur substantial legal and regulatory costs. We accept, store, and transmit information about our customers, our employees, our business partners and our business.  In addition, we frequently rely on third-party hosting sites and data processors, including cloud providers.   Our sensitive information relies on secure transmission over public and private networks.  A compromise of our systems, the security of our infrastructure, or those of other business partners that result in our information being accessed or stolen by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our operations and our reputation. FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL MARKETS Our business, financial condition, and results of operations are substantially exposed to the volatility of jet fuel prices. Increases in jet fuel costs would harm our business.   Fuel costs constitute a significant portion of our total operating expenses, accounting for  34% ,  35%  and  34%  of total operating expenses for the years ended  2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively.  Future increases in the price of jet fuel may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, unless we are able to increase fares and fees, or add additional ancillary fees to attempt to recover increasing fuel costs. Certain of the Company’s financing agreements have covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries. Certain of our credit facilities and indentures governing our secured borrowings impose certain operating and financial covenants on us. Such covenants require us to maintain, depending on the particular agreement, minimum fixed charge coverage ratios, minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios, and other negative covenants customary for such financings. A decline in the value of collateral could result in a situation where we may not be able to maintain the required collateral coverage ratio.  Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including the overall industry revenue environment and the level of fuel costs, and we may be required to seek waivers or amendments of covenants, repay all or a portion of the debt or find alternative sources of financing.    19 Table of Contents Our maintenance costs will increase as our fleet ages, and we will periodically incur substantial maintenance costs due to the maintenance schedules of our aircraft fleet. As of December 31, 2013, the average age of our NextGen aircraft (B737-800, -900, -900ERs) was approximately  5.8  years, and the average age of our Q400 aircraft was approximately  7.1  years. Our relatively new aircraft require less maintenance now than they will in the future. Our fleet will require more maintenance as it ages.  Additionally, during the current year we modified one of our power-by-the-hour agreements and terminated another agreement, meaning that we could be more susceptible to variances in our maintenance expense due to more expensive scheduled maintenance, foreign object damage, unplanned engine removal or other unplanned maintenance event.  Any significant increase in maintenance expenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  BRAND AND REPUTATION As we evolve our brand to appeal to a changing demographic and grow into new markets, we will engage in strategic initiatives that may not be favorably received by all customers .   We continue to focus on strategic initiatives designed to increase our brand appeal to a diverse and evolving demographic of airline travelers.  These efforts could include significant improvements to our in-airport and on-board environments, increasing our direct customer relationships through improvements to our purchasing portals (digital and mobile), and optimization of our customer loyalty programs.    In pursuit of these efforts we may negatively affect our reputation with some of our existing customer base.    LABOR RELATIONS AND LABOR STRATEGY A significant increase in labor costs, unsuccessful attempts to strengthen our relationships with union employees, or loss of  key personnel could adversely affect our business and results of operations.    Labor costs are a significant component of our total expenses, accounting for approximately  42% ,  42%  and  41%  of our non-fuel operating expenses in  2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively.  Each of our represented employee groups has a separate collective bargaining agreement, and could make demands that would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial performance if we agree to them.  The same result could apply if we experience a significant increase in vendor labor costs that ultimately flow-through to us. As of  December 31, 2013 , labor unions represented approximately  83%  of Alaska’s and  49%  of Horizon’s employees.  Although we have been successful in maturing communications, negotiating approaches, and other strategies to enhance workforce engagement in the Company's long-term vision, future uncertainty around open contracts could be a distraction, affecting employee focus in our business and diverting management’s attention from other projects and issues. We compete against the major U.S. airlines and other businesses for labor in many highly skilled positions.  If we are unable to hire, train and retain qualified employees at a reasonable cost, sustain employee engagement in the Company's strategic vision, or if we are unsuccessful at implementing succession plans for our key staff, we may be unable to grow or sustain our business.  In such case, our operating results and business prospects could be harmed.  ITEM 1B.     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   None  20 Table of Contents ITEM 2.      PROPERTIES   AIRCRAFT   The following table describes the aircraft we operate and their average age at  December 31, 2013 : Aircraft Type Seats   Owned   Leased   Total   Average Age in Years B737 Freighters & Combis 0/72   6   —   6   20.2 B737-400/700 144/124   17   22   39   16.1 B737-800/900/900ER 157/172/181*   76   10   86   5.8 B737 Passenger Aircraft     93   32   125   9.0 Total Mainline Fleet     99   32   131   9.5 Q400 76   36   15   51   7.1 Total     135   47   182   8.8 *  The number of seats for -800's and -900's indicate seats prior to the cabin upgrade project. For the -800's and -900's that have completed the cabin upgrade project with the Recaro seats, the number of seats will increase to 163 and 181, respectively. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" discusses future orders and options for additional aircraft.   Thirteen of our owned aircraft secure long-term debt arrangements or collateralize our revolving credit facility.  See further discussion in “Liquidity and Capital Resources." Alaska’s leased B737 aircraft have lease expiration dates between  2014  and  2021 .  Horizon’s leased Q400 aircraft have expiration dates in  2018 .  Horizon also has  2  owned and  14  leased CRJ-700 aircraft, of which  13  are subleased to third-party carriers.  The head leases on the  14  leased CRJ-700 aircraft have expiration dates between  2018  and  2020 .  Alaska and Horizon have the option to extend most of the leases for additional periods, or the right to purchase the aircraft at the end of the lease term, usually at the then-fair-market value of the aircraft. GROUND FACILITIES AND SERVICES   Alaska and Horizon lease ticket counters, gates, cargo and baggage space, ground equipment, office space, and other support areas at the majority of the airports they serve.  Alaska also owns terminal buildings in various cities in the state of Alaska.   Alaska owns several buildings located at or near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (Sea-Tac) near Seattle, WA.  These include a multi-bay hangar and shops complex (used primarily for line maintenance), a flight operations and training center, an air cargo facility, an information technology office and datacenter, and various other commercial office buildings, including its Seattle corporate headquarters complex.  Alaska also leases a stores warehouse and additional office space in Kent, WA for its call center functions.  Alaska’s major facilities outside of Seattle include a regional headquarters building, an air cargo facility and a hangar/office facility in Anchorage, AK, as well as leased call center facilities in Phoenix, AZ and Boise, ID.  Alaska uses its own employees for ground handling services at most of its airports in the state of Alaska.  At other airports throughout its system, those services are contracted to various third-party vendors.   Horizon owns its Seattle corporate headquarters building.  It leases operations, training, and aircraft maintenance facilities in Portland and Spokane, as well as line maintenance stations in Boise, Bellingham, Eugene, San Jose, Medford, Redmond, Seattle, and Spokane. ITEM 3.         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   We are a party to routine litigation matters incidental to our business.  Management believes the ultimate disposition of these matters is not likely to materially affect our financial position or results of operations.  This forward-looking statement is based on management’s current understanding of the relevant law and facts, and it is subject to various contingencies, including the potential costs and risks associated with litigation and the actions of judges and juries.  21 Table of Contents ITEM 4.       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   Not applicable.  22 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   As of  December 31, 2013 , there were  68,766,691  shares of common stock of Alaska Air Group, Inc. issued and  68,745,953  shares outstanding and  2,801  shareholders of record.  In  2013 , we initiated our first quarterly dividend since 1992, and paid  $0.20  per share in August and December.  Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: ALK).  The following table shows the trading range of Alaska Air Group, Inc. common stock on the New York Stock Exchange:    2013   2012   High   Low   High   Low First Quarter $ 63.96   $ 43.94   $ 39.77   $ 33.69 Second Quarter 67.47   50.42   36.62   31.29 Third Quarter 64.21   51.65   38.46   32.69 Fourth Quarter 78.19   61.17   45.15   34.57 SALES OF NON-REGISTERED SECURITIES   None PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS     Total Number of Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares (or units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum remaining dollar value of shares that can be purchased under the plan   (in millions) October 1, 2013 – October 31, 2013 170,569   $ 65.71   170,569     November 1, 2013 – November 30, 2013 161,876   74.94   161,876     December 1, 2013 – December 31, 2013 704,858   73.08   704,858     Total 1,037,303   $ 71.24   1,037,303   $ 83 Purchased pursuant to a  $250 million  repurchase plan authorized by the Board of Directors in  September 2012 .  The plan has no expiration date, but is expected to be completed by  December 2014 .  23 Table of Contents PERFORMANCE GRAPH   The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return since  December 31, 2008  with the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Airlines Index.  The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index (including reinvestment of dividends) was $100 on  December 31, 2008 .  24 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA                       2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS  (audited)                   Year Ended December 31 (in millions, except per-share amounts):                   Operating Revenues (a) 5,156   4,657   4,318   3,832   3,400 Operating Expenses 4,318   4,125   3,869   3,361   3,133 Operating Income 838   532   449   471   267 Nonoperating expense, net of interest capitalized (b) (22 )   (18 )   (55 )   (65 )   (64 ) Income before income tax 816   514   394   406   203 Net Income 508   316   245   251   122 Average basic shares outstanding 69.955   70.708   71.755   71.644   71.630 Average diluted shares outstanding 70.939   71.784   73.421   73.571   72.308 Basic earnings per share 7.26   4.47   3.41   3.50   1.70 Diluted earnings per share 7.16   4.40   3.33   3.41   1.69 Cash dividend declared per share $ 0.40   —   —   —   — CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION  (audited)                   At End of Period (in millions):                   Total assets 5,838   5,505   5,167   5,017   4,996 Long-term debt, including current portion 871   1,032   1,307   1,534   1,855 Shareholders' equity 2,029   1,421   1,174   1,106   872 OPERATING STATISTICS  (unaudited)                   Consolidated: (c)                   Revenue passengers (000) 27,414   25,896   24,790   23,334   22,320 Revenue passenger miles (RPM) (000,000) "traffic" 28,833   27,007   25,032   22,841   20,811 Available seat miles (ASM) (000,000) "capacity" 33,672   31,428   29,627   27,736   26,501 Load factor 85.6 %   85.9 %   84.5 %   82.4 %   78.5 % Yield 14.80 ¢   14.92 ¢   14.81 ¢   14.30 ¢   14.16 ¢ Passenger revenues per ASM (PRASM) 12.67 ¢   12.82 ¢   12.51 ¢   11.78 ¢   11.12 ¢ Operating revenues per ASM (RASM) (d) 14.74 ¢   14.82 ¢   14.57 ¢   13.82 ¢   12.83 ¢ Operating expenses per ASM, excluding fuel and noted items (CASMex) (d) 8.47 ¢   8.48 ¢   8.55 ¢   8.82 ¢   9.20 ¢ Mainline:                   Revenue passengers (000) 19,737   18,526   17,810   16,514   15,561 RPMs (000,000) "traffic" 26,172   24,417   22,586   20,350   18,362 ASMs (000,000) "capacity" 30,411   28,180   26,517   24,434   23,144 Load factor 86.1 %   86.6 %   85.2 %   83.3 %   79.3 % Yield 13.33 ¢   13.45 ¢   13.26 ¢   12.75 ¢   12.60 ¢ PRASM 11.48 ¢   11.65 ¢   11.29 ¢   10.62 ¢   10.00 ¢ CASMex (d) 7.54 ¢   7.56 ¢   7.60 ¢   7.85 ¢   8.26 ¢ Regional:                   Revenue passengers (000) 7,677   7,371   6,980   6,820   6,759 RPMs (000,000) "traffic" 2,661   2,590   2,446   2,491   2,449 ASMs (000,000) "capacity" 3,261   3,247   3,110   3,302   3,357 Load factor 81.6 %   79.8 %   78.6 %   75.4 %   73.0 % Yield 29.20 ¢   28.81 ¢   29.13 ¢   26.95 ¢   25.88 ¢ PRASM 23.83 ¢   22.98 ¢   22.94 ¢   20.33 ¢   18.88 ¢ (a)   In the third quarter the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2009-13, "Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force" (ASU 2009-13).  Refer to Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. (b)   Includes capitalized interest of  $21 million ,  $18 million ,  $12 million ,  $6 million , and  $8 million  for  2013 ,  2012 ,  2011 ,  2010 , and  2009 , respectively. (c)   Includes flights operated by SkyWest beginning in May 2011 and flights operated by PenAir under Capacity Purchase Agreements (CPA). (d)   See reconciliation of RASM and CASMex to the most directly related GAAP measure in the "Results of Operations" section.  25 Table of Contents ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   OVERVIEW   The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our operations and our present business environment.  MD&A is provided as a supplement to – and should be read in conjunction with – our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes.  All statements in the following discussion that are not statements of historical information or descriptions of current accounting policy are forward-looking statements.  Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of the risks referred to in this report’s introductory cautionary note and the risks mentioned in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”  This overview summarizes the MD&A, which includes the following sections:   • Year in Review —highlights from  2013  outlining some of the major events that happened during the year and how they affected our financial performance.   • Results of Operations —an in-depth analysis of our revenues by segment and our expenses from a consolidated perspective for the three years presented in our consolidated financial statements.  To the extent material to the understanding of segment profitability, we more fully describe the segment expenses per financial statement line item.  We believe this analysis will help the reader better understand our consolidated statements of operations.  Financial and statistical data is also included here.  This section also includes forward-looking statements regarding our view of  2014 .     • Liquidity and Capital Resources —an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash, contractual obligations, commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements, and an overview of financial position. • Critical Accounting Estimates —a discussion of our accounting estimates that involve significant judgment and uncertainties. YEAR IN REVIEW Our  2013  consolidated pretax income was  $816 million  compared to  $514 million  in  2012 .  The  $302 million  improvement was primarily due to the  $499 million  increase in revenues, partially offset by the  $8 million  increase in aircraft fuel expense and  $185 million  increase in other operating expenses.  Our improvement in revenues of  $499 million  was partially due to a one-time, non-cash Special mileage plan revenue item of  $192 million  related to the accounting for our recently modified affinity card agreement, where the accounting rules required us to revalue the deferred revenue associated with miles previously sold to our bank partner with a corresponding benefit to revenue.  Additionally, passenger revenue increased  $237 million  due to a  6.8%  increase in traffic, offset by  0.8%  lower ticket yields.  The increase in fuel cost was driven by the  5.9%  increase in consumption offset by a  3.6%  decrease in raw cost per gallon. The increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to increases in wages and incentive pay, aircraft maintenance, contracted services, and other operating expenses as we grew into new markets and increased spending in IT and other areas. See “Results of Operations” below for further discussion of changes in revenues and operating expenses and our reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Accomplishments and Highlights   Financial highlights from  2013  include: • Reported record adjusted earnings for  2013 , marking our  tenth  consecutive year in which we reported an adjusted profit. • Air Group employees earned  $105 million  in incentive pay, or more than one-month's pay for most employees. Over the last four years, employees have earned more than  $357 million  in incentive pay, averaging 8.8% of annual pay for most employees. • Achieved return on invested capital of  13.6%  in  2013 , compared to  13%  in  2012 . • Lowered adjusted debt-to-total capitalization ratio to  35.0%  as of  December 31, 2013 . • Fully funded the Company's defined-benefit pension plans in  2013 .  26 Table of Contents • Held  $1.3 billion  in unrestricted cash and marketable securities as of  December 31, 2013 .   • Repurchased  2,492,093  shares of common stock for approximately  $159 million  in  2013 . Since 2007, Air Group has used  $478 million  to repurchase  21 million  shares. • Modified  affinity card agreement with Bank of America and extended through 2017, estimated to generate $55 million in additional cash flows on an annual basis. • Received credit rating upgrade from Standard and Poor's to "BB+" with a stable outlook.  Other highlights and achievements from  2013  include: • Ranked "Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Traditional Network Carriers" by J.D. Power and Associates for the sixth year in a row. • Ranked as the best major airline in the U.S. by The Wall Street Journal's "Middle Seat" scorecard. • Named Airline Industry Leader in the 2013 Temkin Customer Service Rankings. • Held the top spot in U.S. Department of Transportation on-time performance among major U.S. airlines for the twelve months ended November 2013. • Alaska Airlines received the FAA's "Diamond Certificate of Excellence" award for the 12th consecutive year; and Horizon Air received the certificate for the 12th time in the last 14 years. • Improved employee productivity in  2013  by  4%  compared to  2012 . • Signed five-year collective bargaining agreements with Alaska pilots and Horizon flight attendants. • Named most fuel-efficient airline in the U.S. in a report released by the International Council on Clean Transportation. • Donated $7.6 million to more than 1,300 charitable organizations, including support for the grand opening of Aviation High School in Seattle and other educational efforts. Our employees also volunteered more than 10,500 hours of community service. • Signed an exclusive multi-year partnership with Seattle Seahawks quarterback, Russell Wilson, and named him our "Chief Football Officer." New Markets In  2013 , we added non-stop routes to our network as follows: New Non-Stop Routes Frequency Start Date San Diego to Boston Daily 3/29/2013 Seattle to Salt Lake City 2x Daily 4/4/2013 San Diego to Lihue Daily (Seasonal), 4x Weekly 6/7/2013 Portland to Fairbanks Daily (Seasonal) 6/9/2013 Portland to Atlanta Daily 8/26/2013 Portland to Dallas Daily 9/16/2013 Seattle to Colorado Springs Daily 11/1/2013 Portland to Tucson Daily 11/1/2013 Portland to Boise Daily 11/1/2013 San Diego to Boise Daily 11/1/2013 Seattle to Omaha Daily 11/7/2013 Portland to Reno Daily 11/8/2013 Seattle to Steamboat Springs 2x Weekly (Seasonal) 12/18/2013 Anchorage to Phoenix 3x Weekly (Seasonal) 12/18/2013 Anchorage to Las Vegas 3x Weekly 12/19/2013 San Diego to Mammoth Lakes Daily (Seasonal) 12/19/2013  27 Table of Contents We will also add new cities and non-stop routes in  2014  as follows: New Non-Stop Routes Frequency Start Date Portland to Salt Lake City 2x Daily 6/9/2014 Portland to Kalispell Daily (Seasonal) 6/9/2014 San Diego to Salt Lake City 2x Daily 6/10/2014 Los Angeles to Salt Lake City Daily 6/11/2014 San Jose to Salt Lake City Daily 6/12/2014 Seattle to New Orleans Daily 6/12/2014 Boise to Salt Lake City Daily 6/16/2014 Las Vegas to Salt Lake City 2x Daily 6/16/2014 San Francisco to Salt Lake City Daily 6/18/2014 Seattle to Detroit Daily 6/20/2014 Seattle to Tampa Daily 9/4/2014 Update on Labor Negotiations In July 2013, Alaska Airlines' pilots and Horizon's flight attendants approved new, five-year contracts.   In December 2013, we reached a tentative five-year agreement with Alaska's flight attendants, represented by the Association of Flight Attendants (AFA), which if approved, will provide the Company and our employees the certainty that comes with a long-term deal.  The results of voting are due February 14, 2014. In February 2014, we reached a tentative five-year agreement with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) on terms of a new contract for Alaska's clerical, operations, and passenger services employees, whose contract became amendable January 1, 2014.  Horizon's maintenance store employees, represented by the IAM, continue to work towards their first contract. Capital Allocation In  2013 , we repurchased  2,492,093  shares of our common stock for  $159 million  under the share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors.  Since 2007, we have repurchased  21 million  shares of common stock under such programs for  $478 million  for an average price of approximately  $23  per share.  Additionally, starting in the third quarter and for the first time since 1992, we paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders, totaling  $28 million  in  2013 .  Outlook   Our primary focus every year is to run safe, compliant and reliable operations at our airlines.  In addition to our primary objective, we will remain focused on providing a hassle-free experience for our customers, and building a compelling brand to support network growth.  Specifically, we will continue to improve our in-flight experience with our cabin upgrade project featuring the Recaro seats with power outlets for every passenger flying our B737-800, -900, and -900ER aircraft. Our biggest concern going forward is increased competition in our markets, from both traditional and low-cost competitors.  Specifically, Delta Air Lines is significantly increasing its international and domestic departures in Seattle.  We plan to vigorously defend our markets through Mileage Plan promotions, schedule changes, community events, and similar responses.  We also continue to focus on lowering unit costs in the long-term so that we can compete more effectively, and increasing fuel efficiency by replacing older 737-400 and 737-700 aircraft with larger 737-900ER aircraft.    28 Table of Contents In January 2014, our load factors were down 0.3 pts compared to January 2013. Our advance bookings suggest our load factors will be  down   1 pt  in  February  and  3 pts  in  March  compared to the same periods in  2013 . Our current expectations for capacity and operating costs per ASM are summarized below:   Forecast Q1 2014   Change Y-O-Y   Forecast Full Year 2014   Change Y-O-Y Consolidated:               Capacity (ASMs in millions) 8,325 - 8,375   ~ 4.5%   35,250 - 35,750   ~ 5.5% Cost per ASM excluding fuel and special items (cents) 9.00¢ - 9.05¢   ~ 4.5%   8.52¢ - 8.57¢   ~ 1.0%                 Mainline:               Capacity (ASMs in millions) 7,475 - 7,525   ~ 4.0%   31,750 - 32,250   ~ 5.0% Cost per ASM excluding fuel and special items (cents) 8.00¢ - 8.05¢   ~ 6.0%   7.62¢ - 7.67¢   ~ 1.5% RESULTS   OF OPERATIONS   2013  COMPARED WITH  2012   Our consolidated net income for  2013  was  $508 million , or  $7.16  per diluted share, compared to net income of  $316 million , or  $4.40  per diluted share, in  2012 .  Significant items impacting the comparability between the periods are as follows: • Both periods include adjustments to reflect the timing of net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses related to our fuel hedge positions.  For  2013 , we recognized net mark-to-market gains of   $8 million  ( $5 million  after tax, or  $0.06  per diluted share) compared to losses of  $38 million  ( $23 million  after tax, or  $0.33  per share) in  2012 .   • In  2013 , we recognized a one-time, non-cash Special mileage plan revenue item of  $192 million  ( $120 million  after tax, or  $1.70  per diluted share) that resulted from the application of new accounting rules associated with the modified Bank of America Affinity Card Agreement, and the effect of an increase in the estimate of the number of frequent flier miles expected to expire unused. ADJUSTED (NON-GAAP) RESULTS AND   PER-SHARE AMOUNTS We believe disclosure of earnings excluding the impact of mark-to-market gains or losses or other individual revenues or expenses is useful information to investors because: • We believe it is the basis by which we are evaluated by industry analysts; • By eliminating fuel expense and certain special items from our unit metrics, we believe that we have better visibility into the results of our non-fuel continuing operations. Our industry is highly competitive and is characterized by high fixed costs, so even a small reduction in non-fuel operating costs can result in a significant improvement in operating results. In addition, we believe that all domestic carriers are similarly impacted by changes in jet fuel costs over the long run, so it is important for management (and thus investors) to understand the impact of (and trends in) company-specific cost drivers such as labor rates and productivity, airport costs, maintenance costs, etc., which are more controllable by management; • Operating revenue per ASM (RASM) excludes a favorable, one-time, non-cash Special mileage plan revenue item of $192 million primarily related to our modified affinity card agreement with Bank of America, executed in July 2013. In accordance with accounting standards, we recorded this item in the the third quarter, and it reflects a non-cash adjustment of the value of miles outstanding in the program. We believe it is appropriate to exclude this special revenue item from recurring revenues from operations; • CASM excluding fuel and certain special items is one of the most important measures used by management and by the Air Group Board of Directors in assessing quarterly and annual cost performance;  • Our results excluding fuel expense and certain special items serve as the basis for our various employee incentive plans, thus the information allows investors to better understand the changes in variable incentive pay expense in our consolidated statements of operations; and   29 Table of Contents • It is useful to monitor performance without these items as it improves a reader’s ability to compare our results to those of other airlines. Although we are presenting these non-GAAP amounts for the reasons above, investors and other readers should not necessarily conclude that these amounts are non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual in nature. Excluding the impact of mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments, and the one-time Special mileage plan revenue item, our adjusted consolidated net income for  2013  was  $383 million , or  $5.40  per diluted share, compared to an adjusted consolidated net income of  $339 million , or  $4.73  per share, in  2012 .   Years Ended December 31,   2013   2012 (in millions, except per-share amounts) Dollars   Diluted EPS   Dollars   Diluted EPS Net income and diluted EPS as reported $ 508   $ 7.16   $ 316   $ 4.40 Mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments, net of tax (5 )   (0.06 )   23   0.33 Special mileage plan revenue $ (120 )   $ (1.70 )   $ —   $ — Non-GAAP adjusted income and per-share amounts $ 383   $ 5.40   $ 339   $ 4.73 Revenues adjusted for the one-time Special mileage plan item is as follows:   Twelve Months Ended December 31,   2013   2012   % Change Total operating revenues $ 5,156   $ 4,657   10.7 Less: Special mileage plan revenue 192   —   NM Adjusted Revenue $ 4,964   $ 4,657   6.6 Consolidated ASMs 33,672   31,428   7.1 RASM 14.74 ¢   14.82 ¢   (0.5 ) NM - Not meaningful Our operating costs per ASM (CASM) are summarized below:   Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012   % Change Consolidated:           Total operating expenses per ASM (CASM) 12.82 ¢   13.12 ¢   (2.3 ) Less the following components:           Aircraft fuel, including hedging gains and losses 4.35   4.64   (6.3 ) CASM, excluding fuel and fleet transition costs 8.47 ¢   8.48 ¢   (0.1 )             Mainline:           Total mainline operating expenses per ASM (CASM) 11.77 ¢   12.09 ¢   (2.6 ) Less the following components:           Aircraft fuel, including hedging gains and losses 4.23   4.53   (6.6 ) CASM, excluding fuel 7.54 ¢   7.56 ¢   (0.3 )  30 Table of Contents OPERATING STATISTICS SUMMARY (unaudited) Alaska Air Group, Inc.  Below are operating statistics we use to measure performance.  We often refer to unit revenues and adjusted unit costs, which is a non-GAAP measure.   Twelve Months Ended December 31,   2013   2012   Change   2011   Change Consolidated Operating Statistics: (a)                   Revenue passengers (000) 27,414   25,896   5.9  %   24,790   4.5  % RPMs (000,000) "traffic" 28,833   27,007   6.8  %   25,032   7.9  % ASMs (000,000) "capacity" 33,672   31,428   7.1  %   29,627   6.1  % Load factor 85.6 %   85.9 %   (0.3 ) pts   84.5 %   1.4  pts Yield 14.80 ¢   14.92 ¢   (0.8 )%   14.81 ¢   0.7  % PRASM 12.67 ¢   12.82 ¢   (1.2 )%   12.51 ¢   2.5  % RASM (b) 14.74 ¢   14.82 ¢   (0.5 )%   14.57 ¢   1.7  % CASM excluding fuel and fleet transition costs (b) 8.47 ¢   8.48 ¢   (0.1 )%   8.55 ¢   (0.8 )% Economic fuel cost per gallon (b)  $ 3.30   $ 3.37   (2.1 )%   $ 3.18   6.0  % Fuel gallons (000,000) 447   422   5.9  %   398   6.0  % Average number of full-time equivalent employees 12,163   11,955   1.7  %   11,840   1.0  %                     Mainline Operating Statistics:                   Revenue passengers (000) 19,737   18,526   6.5  %   17,810   4.0  % RPMs (000,000) "traffic" 26,172   24,417   7.2  %   22,586   8.1  % ASMs (000,000) "capacity" 30,411   28,180   7.9  %   26,517   6.3  % Load factor 86.1 %   86.6 %   (0.5 ) pts   85.2 %   1.4  pts Yield 13.33 ¢   13.45 ¢   (0.9 )%   13.26 ¢   1.4  % PRASM 11.48 ¢   11.65 ¢   (1.5 )%   11.29 ¢   3.2  % CASM excluding fuel (b) 7.54 ¢   7.56 ¢   (0.3 )%   7.60 ¢   (0.5 )% Economic fuel cost per gallon (b) $ 3.30   $ 3.36   (1.8 )%   $ 3.18   5.7  % Fuel gallons (000,000) 393   368   6.8  %   346   6.4  % Average number of full-time equivalent employees 9,493   9,178   3.4  %   8,916   2.9  % Aircraft utilization 10.6   10.7   (0.9 )%   10.5   1.9  % Average aircraft stage length 1,177   1,161   1.4  %   1,114   4.2  % Mainline operating fleet at period-end 131  a/c   124  a/c   7  a/c   117   7  a/c                     Regional Operating Statistics: (c)                   Revenue passengers (000) 7,677   7,371   4.2  %   6,980   5.6  % RPMs (000,000) "traffic" 2,661   2,590   2.7  %   2,446   5.9  % ASMs (000,000) "capacity" 3,261   3,247   0.4  %   3,110   4.4  % Load factor 81.6 %   79.8 %   1.8  pts   78.6 %   1.2  pts Yield 29.20 ¢   28.81 ¢   1.4  %   29.13 ¢   (1.1 )% PRASM 23.83 ¢   22.98 ¢   3.7  %   22.94 ¢   0.2  % (a)   Except for FTEs, data includes information related to regional CPA flying with Horizon, SkyWest and PenAir. (b)   See reconciliation of this measure to the most directly related GAAP measure in the "Results of Operations" section. (c)   Data presented includes information related to regional CPAs.  31 Table of Contents OPERATING REVENUES Total operating revenues  increased   $499 million , or  11% , during  2013  compared to the same period in  2012 . The changes are summarized in the following table:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2013   2012   % Change Passenger           Mainline $ 3,490   $ 3,284   6 Regional 777   746   4 Total passenger revenue $ 4,267   $ 4,030   6 Freight and mail 113   111   2 Other - net 584   516   13 Special mileage plan revenue 192   —   — Total operating revenues $ 5,156   $ 4,657   11 Passenger Revenue – Mainline Mainline passenger revenue for  2013   increased  by  6%  on a  7.9%   increase  in capacity and a  1.5%   decrease  in PRASM compared to  2012 .  The increase in capacity was driven by new routes added in  2013  and larger aircraft.  The  decrease  in PRASM was driven by a  0.9%   decrease  in ticket yield and a  0.5 point   decrease  in load factor compared to the prior year.  Increased competition in the state of Alaska and along the west coast put downward pressures on yield and load factor. Due to increased competitive capacity in our markets we expect pressure on unit revenues, while we expect total passenger revenue to increase. Passenger Revenue – Regional Regional passenger revenue  increased  by  $31 million , or  4% , compared to  2012  on a  0.4%   increase  in capacity and  3.7%   increase  in PRASM compared to  2012 .  The  increase  in PRASM was due to a  1.4%   increase  in ticket yield coupled with a  1.8 point   increase  in load factor compared to the prior year.  The increase in regional revenues is due to better matching the right aircraft with the right market to avoid over-supply of capacity and maintaining yields and load factors. Freight and Mail Freight and mail revenue  increased   $2 million , or  2% , primarily due to increased freight volumes. Other – Net Other—net revenue  increased   $68 million , or  13% , from  2012 .  This is primarily due to an increase in our Mileage Plan revenues of  $47 million  or  22% , as a result of a higher rate per mile sold to Bank of America Corporation (BAC) under our new affinity card program and growth in the Mileage Plan program.  Additionally, bag fees increased by  7.8% , and change fees increased by  7.3% , due to increases in the number of passengers.  We expect increases in other revenue will outpace increases in passenger revenue on a percentage basis in 2014 as we continue to see the benefit from the new affinity card agreement and the increase in bag and change fees implemented in late 2013. Special Mileage Plan Revenue In the third quarter, we modified and extended our co-branded credit card agreement with BAC.  In connection with this agreement and as a result of applying related accounting standards, we recorded a one-time, non-cash Special mileage plan revenue item of $192 million primarily related to our revaluation of the deferred revenue liability related to miles previously sold to BAC.   32 Table of Contents OPERATING EXPENSES Total operating expenses  increased   $193 million , or  5% , compared to  2012 , primarily driven by wages and variable incentive pay.  Fuel expense remained flat due to decrease in fuel cost per gallon offset by an increase in fuel consumption.  We believe it is useful to summarize operating expenses as follows, which is consistent with the way expenses are reported internally and evaluated by management:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2013   2012   % Change Fuel expense $ 1,467   $ 1,459   1 Non-fuel expenses 2,851   2,666   7 Total Operating Expenses $ 4,318   $ 4,125   5 Significant operating expense variances from  2012  are more fully described below. Wages and Benefits Wages and benefits  increased  during  2013  by  $48 million , or  5% , compared to  2012 . The primary components of wages and benefits are shown in the following table:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2013   2012   % Change Wages $ 791   $ 745   6 Pension - Defined benefit plans 50   57   (12 ) Defined contribution plans 44   43   2 Medical and other benefits 142   135   5 Payroll taxes 59   58   2 Total wages and benefits $ 1,086   $ 1,038   5 Wages  increased   6% , primarily due to a newly ratified contract with Alaska's pilots that was effective April 1, 2013.  Additionally, we hired  2%   more FTEs to support increased flying and other strategic initiatives, such as IT and hassle-free projects.   Pension expense  decreased   12% , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decline is due to having a lower accumulated loss to amortize as a result of higher plan assets and improved funded status compared to the prior year. Medical benefits  increased   5%  from the prior year primarily due to an increase in employee health-care claims and an increase in the cost of health care services. We expect wages and benefits to be higher in  2014  compared to  2013  on a 3% to 4% increase in FTEs, partially offset by reduced pension expense of approximately $40 million, as a result of having higher plan assets and a higher discount rate related to our benefit obligation. Variable Incentive Pay Variable incentive pay expense  increased  from  $88 million  in  2012  to  $105 million  in  2013 .  The increase is due to actual results exceeding our targets for financial and operational performance more so than in the prior year.   We expect variable incentive pay in 2014 to be similar to amounts recorded over the past three years.  33 Table of Contents Aircraft Fuel Aircraft fuel expense includes both  raw fuel expense  (as defined below) plus the effect of mark-to-market adjustments to our fuel hedge portfolio included in our consolidated statement of operations as the value of that portfolio increases and decreases.  Our aircraft fuel expense is very volatile, even between quarters, because it includes these gains or losses in the value of the underlying instrument as crude oil prices and refining margins increase or decrease.   Raw fuel expense  is defined as the price that we generally pay at the airport, or the “into-plane” price, including taxes and fees.  Raw fuel prices are impacted by world oil prices and refining costs, which can vary by region in the U.S.   Raw fuel expense  approximates cash paid to suppliers and does not reflect the effect of our fuel hedges. Aircraft fuel expense  increased   $8 million , or  1%  compared to  2012 .  The elements of the change are illustrated in the following table:    Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012 (in millions, except for per gallon amounts) Dollars   Cost/Gal   Dollars   Cost/Gal Raw or "into-plane" fuel cost $ 1,423   $ 3.19   $ 1,397   $ 3.31 (Gains) losses on settled hedges 52   0.11   24   0.06 Consolidated economic fuel expense $ 1,475   $ 3.30   $ 1,421   $ 3.37 Mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments (8 )   (0.02 )   38   0.09 GAAP fuel expense $ 1,467   $ 3.28   $ 1,459   $ 3.46 Fuel gallons 447       422     Fuel gallons consumed increased  5.9%  in line with the increase in departures and capacity.   The raw fuel price per gallon decreased  3.6%  as a result of lower West Coast jet fuel prices.  West Coast jet fuel prices are impacted by both the price of crude oil, as well as refining margins associated with the conversion of crude oil to jet fuel.  The decrease in raw fuel price per gallon during  2013  was due to a decline in refining margins of  26.7% , offset by the increase in average crude oil prices of  4.1% , as compared to the prior year.      We also evaluate economic fuel expense, which we define as raw fuel expense adjusted for the cash we receive from, or pay to, hedge counterparties for hedges that settle during the period, and for the premium expense that we paid for those contracts.  A key difference between aircraft fuel expense and economic fuel expense is the timing of gain or loss recognition on our hedge portfolio.  When we refer to economic fuel expense, we include gains and losses only when they are realized for those contracts that were settled during the period based on their original contract terms.  We believe this is the best measure of the effect that fuel prices are currently having on our business because it most closely approximates the net cash outflow associated with purchasing fuel for our operations.  Accordingly, many industry analysts evaluate our results using this measure, and it is the basis for most internal management reporting and incentive pay plans. Losses recognized for hedges that settled during the year were  $52 million  in  2013 , compared to losses of  $24 million  in  2012 . These amounts represent the cash received, or paid, net of the premium expense recognized for those hedges.  We currently expect our economic fuel price per gallon to be approximately  5.0%  lower in the  first  quarter of  2014  than the  first  quarter of  2013  due to lower West Coast jet fuel prices and the decrease in premium costs related to our fuel hedge program.  As both oil prices and refining margins are volatile, we are unable to forecast the full-year cost with any certainty. Aircraft Maintenance Aircraft maintenance  increased  by  $25 million , or  11% , compared to the prior year, primarily due to a  $14 million  increase in lease return provisions.  During the year we modified one of our power-by-the-hour agreements and terminated another related to our B737 fleet, resulting in a decrease in expense under those agreements but an increase in engine events and related expense that we are now responsible for.  For our B737 and Q400 fleets, we also experienced heavier, more expensive checks, on flat volumes. We expect aircraft maintenance to be slightly lower in  2014  due to lower lease return expenses and the benefits of changes made to our power-by-the-hour agreements.  34 Table of Contents Landing Fees and Other Rentals Landing fees and other rentals  increased   $19 million , or  8% , primarily due to the increase in rates from the newly signed Port of Seattle lease.  Additionally, we experienced increased rates throughout our network with increased departures and passengers. We expect landing fees and other rentals to be higher in  2014  due to expected increases in rates, departures, and passengers. Contracted Services Contracted services  increased   $21 million , or  11% , primarily due to more capacity purchase flying with SkyWest and higher rates with PenAir.  Additionally, we experienced higher passenger and ramp handling costs, and other services as a result of an increase in the number of flights to airports where outside vendors are used. We expect contracted services to be higher in  2014  to handle expected growth in the number of passengers and transition costs associated with changing the ground handling vendor at a number of our locations. Selling Expenses Selling expenses  increased  by  $11 million , or  7% , compared to  2012  as a result of higher commissions with credit cards and interline commissions related to international routes.   We expect selling expense will be higher in  2014 , primarily due to increased advertising and promotional activities related to our brand refresh, and revenue-related costs. Other Operating Expenses Other operating expenses  increased   $30 million , or  12% , compared to  2012 .  The increase is driven by a variety of factors such as higher professional fees, IT costs, losses on the disposal of assets, property taxes and new uniforms. We expect other operating expenses to be higher in  2014  due to an expected increase in IT spending and higher professional service costs. CONSOLIDATED NONOPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE) Net nonoperating expense  increased   $4 million  from  2012 .  This is due to the overhaul and repair of three aircraft that were previously subleased to another carrier. These three aircraft will be operated by Skywest under a CPA. Partially offsetting the sublease loss was a gain on the sale of equity securities.  35 Table of Contents Operating Costs per Available Seat Mile Additionally, we are presenting our line-item expenses below both in absolute dollars and on an ASM basis to highlight areas in which costs have increased or decreased either more or less than capacity.   2013   2012   2013   2012   %Change (in millions, except CASM) Amount   Amount   CASM   CASM   CASM Wages and benefits $ 1,086   $ 1,038   3.23 ¢   3.30 ¢   (2.1 )% Variable incentive pay 105   88   0.31   0.28   10.7  % Aircraft maintenance 247   222   0.73   0.71   2.8  % Aircraft rent 119   116   0.35   0.37   (5.4 )% Landing fees and other rentals 262   243   0.78   0.77   1.3  % Contracted services 221   200   0.66   0.64   3.1  % Selling expenses 179   168   0.53   0.53   —  % Depreciation and amortization 270   264   0.80   0.84   (4.8 )% Food and beverage service 84   79   0.25   0.25   —  % Other 278   248   0.83   0.79   5.1  % Non-fuel Expenses $ 2,851   $ 2,666   8.47 ¢   8.48 ¢   (0.1 )% Additional Segment Information Refer to the Notes of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed description of each segment. Below is a summary of each segments' profitability. Alaska Mainline Pretax profit for Alaska Mainline was  $530 million  in  2013  compared to  466 million  in  2012 . The  $206 million  increase in Mainline passenger revenue is described previously, as well as the increased revenues from the modified credit card agreement. Mainline operating expense excluding fuel increased by  $162 million , driven mainly by increased wages and incentive pay, landing fees and rents due to increased rates and volumes, and other expenses to support our growth in operations.  Economic fuel cost as defined above increased due to a  6.8%  increase in consumption, on a slight decrease in the economic price per gallon. Alaska Regional Pretax profit for Alaska Regional was  $69 million  in  2013  compared to  $62 million  in  2012 . The  $31 million  increase in Alaska Regional passenger revenue is described previously. Alaska Regional expenses were slightly higher due to additional flying by Skywest and higher rates from PenAir, and increased landing fees and rents due to increased flying and higher rates. Also impacting pretax profit is the $12 million loss due to the overhaul and repair of three aircraft that were previously subleased to another carrier. Horizon Pretax profit for Horizon was  $20 million  in  2013  compared to  $24 million  in  2012 . CPA Revenues (100% of which are from Alaska and eliminated in consolidation) decreased due to lower operational incentives being met. The  $3 million  increase in Horizon's non-fuel operating expenses was driven by wages and incentive pay, and an increase in airframe checks and other unscheduled events.  36 Table of Contents 2012  COMPARED WITH  2011 Our consolidated net income for  2012  was  $316 million , or  $4.40  per diluted share, compared to net income of  $245 million , or  $3.33  per diluted share, in  2011 .  Significant items impacting the comparability between the periods were as follows: • Both periods included adjustments to reflect the timing of net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses related to our fuel hedge positions.  For  2012 , we recognized net mark-to-market losses of   $38 million  ( $23 million  after tax, or  $0.33  per share) compared to losses of  $30 million  ( $18 million  after tax, or  $0.26  per diluted share) in  2011 .   • In  2011 , we incurred  $39 million  ( $24 million , or  $0.33  per diluted share) in expense as part of Horizon's fleet transition to an all-Q400 fleet. Excluding the mark-to-market adjustments and other special charges, our adjusted consolidated net income for  2012  was  $339 million , or  $4.73  per diluted share, compared to an adjusted consolidated net income of  $287 million , or  $3.92  per share, in  2011 .   Year Ended December 31,   2012   2011 (in millions, except per-share amounts) Dollars   Diluted EPS   Dollars   Diluted EPS Net income and diluted EPS as reported $ 316   $ 4.40   $ 245   $ 3.33 Fleet transition costs, net of tax —   —   24   0.33 Mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments, net of tax 23   0.33   18   0.26 Non-GAAP adjusted income and per-share amounts $ 339   $ 4.73   $ 287   $ 3.92 Our operating costs per ASM are summarized below:   Year Ended December 31,   2012   2011   % Change Consolidated:           Total operating expenses per ASM (CASM) 13.12 ¢   13.06 ¢   0.5 Less the following components:           Aircraft fuel, including hedging gains and losses 4.64   4.38   5.9 Fleet transition costs —   0.13   NM CASM, excluding fuel and fleet transition costs 8.48 ¢   8.55 ¢   (0.8 )             Mainline:           Total mainline operating expenses per ASM (CASM) 12.09 ¢   11.87 ¢   1.9 Less the following components:           Aircraft fuel, including hedging gains and losses 4.53   4.27   6.1 CASM, excluding fuel 7.56 ¢   7.60 ¢   (0.5 ) NM - Not Meaningful  37 Table of Contents OPERATING REVENUES Total operating revenues increased  $339 million , or  8% , during  2012  compared to the same period in  2011 . The changes are summarized in the following table:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2012   2011   % Change Passenger           Mainline $ 3,284   $ 2,995   10 Regional 746   713   5 Total passenger revenue $ 4,030   $ 3,708   9 Freight and mail 111   109   2 Other - net 516   501   3 Total operating revenues $ 4,657   $ 4,318   8 Passenger Revenue – Mainline Mainline passenger revenue for  2012   increased  by  10%  on a 6.3% increase in capacity and a 3.2% increase in PRASM compared to  2011 .  The increase in capacity was driven by new routes added in  2012 , most of which were to and from Hawaii.  The increase in PRASM was driven by a 1.4% rise in ticket yield and a 1.4-point increase in load factor compared to the prior year.  The increase in yield was due to strong demand throughout 2012, while the increase in load factor was due to adding more traffic in our high density markets. Passenger Revenue – Regional Regional passenger revenue  increased  by  $33 million , or  5% , compared to  2011  on a 4.4% increase in capacity and flat PRASM compared to  2011 . PRASM was affected by a 1.1% decrease in ticket yield, offset by a 1.2-point increase in load factor compared to the prior year.  The decrease in yield was due to increased competition in certain markets, while the increase in load factor was due to better matching of supply with demand.  Freight and Mail Freight and mail revenue  increased   $2 million , or  2% , primarily due to higher freight volumes and an increase in fuel and security charges, which offset a decrease in mail volumes. Other – Net Other – net revenue  increased   $15 million , or  3% , from  2011 .  This is primarily due to an increase in our Mileage Plan revenues of 7% and buy-on-board sales of 20%. Buy-on-board improved due to an increase in food sales of 24% and beverage sales of 14%.  The increases were partially offset by a decrease in bag fees of 2% due to general shifts in customer behavior and our Club 49 program that launched in the fourth quarter of 2011, which waives the checked bag fee for residents in the state of Alaska who have joined the program. OPERATING EXPENSES Total operating expenses  increased   $256 million , or  7% , compared to  2011  mostly as a result of higher fuel costs.  We believe it is useful to summarize operating expenses as follows, which is consistent with the way expenses are reported internally and evaluated by management:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2012   2011   % Change Fuel expense $ 1,459   $ 1,298   12 Non-fuel expenses 2,666   2,571   4 Total Operating Expenses $ 4,125   $ 3,869   7 Significant operating expense variances from  2011  are more fully described below.  38 Table of Contents Wages and Benefits Wages and benefits  increased  during  2012  by  $47 million , or  5% , compared to  2011 . The primary components of wages and benefits are shown in the following table:   Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2012   2011   % Change Wages $ 745   $ 721   3 Pension - Defined benefit plans 57   42   36 Defined contribution plans 43   42   2 Medical and other benefits 135   129   5 Payroll taxes 58   57   2 Total wages and benefits $ 1,038   $ 991   5 Wages  increased   3%  on a 1% increase in FTEs as a result of increased flying and higher wage rates throughout our different employee groups which have wage step increases in their contracts.  The contracts with the different employee groups contain important productivity improvements, which resulted in a 3.5% increase in the number of passengers handled per FTE. Pension and other retirement-related benefits  increased   36%  primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate on the future benefit obligation compared to the prior year and a reduction in the expected return on plan assets.  The impact of lower rates resulted in an increase in our pension expense. Medical benefits  increased   5%  from the prior year primarily due to an increase in the cost of health-care somewhat offset by lower employee claims, and an increase in workers' compensation expense, partially offset by a decline in post-retirement medical expense. Payroll taxes  increased   2%  from the prior year in line with increased wages.  Variable Incentive Pay Variable incentive pay expense  increased  from  $72 million  in  2011  to  $88 million  in  2012 .  The increase is due to actual results exceeding our target results of financial and operational performance more so than in the prior year. Aircraft Fuel Aircraft fuel expense  increased   $161 million , or  12%  compared to  2011 . The elements of the change are illustrated in the following table:    Year Ended December 31,   2012   2011 (in millions, except for per gallon amounts) Dollars   Cost/Gal   Dollars   Cost/Gal Raw or "into-plane" fuel cost $ 1,397   $ 3.31   $ 1,289   $ 3.24 Gains on settled hedges 24   0.06   (21 )   (0.06 ) Consolidated economic fuel expense $ 1,421   $ 3.37   $ 1,268   $ 3.18 Mark-to-mark fuel hedge adjustments 38   0.09   30   0.08 GAAP fuel expense $ 1,459   $ 3.46   $ 1,298   $ 3.26 Fuel gallons 422       398     Fuel gallons consumed increased 6.0% in line with the increase in departures and block hours.   The raw fuel price per gallon increased 2.2% as a result of higher West Coast jet fuel prices.  The increase in raw fuel price per gallon during 2012 was due to the increase in refining margins of 10.3%, offset by the decrease in average crude oil prices of 1.3%, as compared to the prior year. Losses recognized for hedges that settled during the year was $24 million in  2012 , compared to gains of $21 million in  2011 .  39 Table of Contents Aircraft Maintenance Aircraft maintenance  increased  by  $16 million , or  8% , compared to the prior year, primarily due to a $13 million increase in unscheduled engine removals for our Q400 aircraft and an $8 million increase related to our 737-800 aircraft related to heavier airframe checks, offset by a $12 million decrease due to lighter airframe checks for our 737-400 aircraft. Aircraft Rent Aircraft rent was flat compared to the prior-year period primarily due to lower rent expense of $3 million for 13 fewer CRJ-700 aircraft and three B737-400 aircraft lease extensions of $2 million, offset by additional rent expense for three B737-700 aircraft which were sold and leased back for $3 million.  Landing Fees and Other Rentals Landing fees and other rentals  increased   $5 million , or  2% , primarily due to higher facilities rents of $5 million and increased landing fees of $4 million due to increased departures of 1.8%.  These increases were partially offset by lower rents at LAX of $8 million. Contracted Services Contracted services  increased   $15 million , or  8% , primarily due to an increase in passengers of 4.5% and capacity purchase flying of $13 million related to SkyWest, which began in May 2011.  Additionally, we experienced higher passenger and ramp handling of $2 million as a result of an increase in the number of flights to airports where outside vendors are used. Selling Expenses Selling expenses  decreased  by  $7 million , or  4% , compared to  2011  as a result of lower fees related to debit card purchases of $4 million and flat global distribution system (GDS) fees, offset by an increase in advertising and promotional activities of $2 million. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization increased  $17 million , or  7% , compared to the prior year.  This is primarily due to additional depreciation expense for the annualization of B737 aircraft and Q400 aircraft delivered in 2011, as well as the deliveries of B737 aircraft in 2012.  In addition, we incurred depreciation of $6 million related to Terminal 6 at LAX, which was put into service in March 2012.  These increases were offset by a decrease in depreciation expense for the CRJ-700 aircraft removed from the fleet in 2011 and other assets that became fully depreciated or were removed from operation. Food and Beverage Service Food and beverage costs  increased   $12 million , or  18% , from the prior year due to an increased number of passengers of 4.5%, increase in sales of buy-on-board products of 20%, offset by the higher cost of some of our premium products served on board, and increased costs associated with food delivery. Other Operating Expenses Other operating expenses  increased   $13 million , or  6% , compared to  2011 .  The increase is primarily driven by higher IT and professional service costs of $8 million associated with our key initiatives and infrastructure improvements, and higher personnel non-wage costs such as hotels, meals and per diems of $7 million. Fleet Transition and Restructuring Related Expenses Fleet transition costs  decreased   $39 million , as we completed our transition to an all-Q400 fleet at Horizon in 2011. CONSOLIDATED NONOPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE) Net nonoperating expense decreased $37 million from 2011.  This is due to lower interest expense of $13 million on lower average outstanding debt balances and additional capitalized interest due to higher levels of aircraft purchase deposits and   40 Table of Contents capital expenditures.  Additionally, we incurred pre-payment penalties of $8 million and an impairment charge of $6 million on an owned aircraft that was leased to another carrier that filed for bankruptcy protection in the prior year.  The decrease was partially offset by lower interest income earned on our marketable securities portfolio. Operating Costs per Available Seat Mile Additionally, we are presenting our line-item expenses below both in absolute dollars and on an ASM basis to highlight areas in which costs have increased or decreased either more or less than capacity.   2012   2011   2012   2011   %Change (in millions, except CASM) Amount   Amount   CASM   CASM   CASM Wages and benefits $ 1,038   $ 991   3.30 ¢   3.34 ¢   (1.2 )% Variable incentive pay 88   72   0.28   0.24   16.7  % Aircraft maintenance 222   206   0.71   0.70   1.4  % Aircraft rent 116   116   0.37   0.39   (5.1 )% Landing fees and other rentals 243   238   0.77   0.80   (3.8 )% Contracted services 200   185   0.64   0.62   3.2  % Selling expenses 168   175   0.53   0.59   (10.2 )% Depreciation and amortization 264   247   0.84   0.83   1.2  % Food and beverage service 79   67   0.25   0.23   8.7  % Other 248   235   0.79   0.79   —  % Fleet transition costs —   39   —   (a)     (a)   Non-fuel Expenses $ 2,666   $ 2,571   8.48 ¢   8.55 ¢   (0.8 )% (a)     Included to reconcile total non-fuel expenses.  Special one time charges are not included in CASMex. Additional Segment Information Refer to the Notes of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed description of each segment. Below is a summary of each segments' profitability. Alaska Mainline Pretax profit for Alaska Mainline was $466 million in 2012 compared to $375 million in 2011. The $289 million increase in Mainline passenger revenue is described previously. Mainline operating expense excluding fuel increased by $162 million, driven mainly by increased wages and incentive pay, depreciation expense, food and beverage expense, and other expenses to support our growth in operations.  Economic fuel cost as defined above increased due to an 6.4% increase in consumption, and an increase economic price per gallon. Alaska Regional Pretax profit for Alaska Regional was $62 million in 2012 compared to $68 million in 2011. The $33 million increase in Alaska Regional passenger revenue is described previously. Alaska Regional expenses were higher due to additional flying by Skywest, which began flying in May 2011. Horizon Pretax profit for Horizon was $24 million in 2012 compared to $22 million in 2011. CPA Revenues (100% of which are from Alaska and eliminated in consolidation) were flat with the prior year. The $2 million decrease in Horizon's non-fuel operating expenses was driven by cost savings as more overhead expense was transitioned under the CPA arrangement, partially offset by higher engine maintenance costs in the second-half of 2012.  41 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   Our primary sources of liquidity are:   • Our existing cash and marketable securities balance of  $1.3 billion , and our expected cash from operations;   • Our  61  unencumbered aircraft as of  December 31, 2013  in our operating fleet that could be financed, if necessary; • Our combined $200 million bank line-of-credit facilities, with none currently outstanding; In  2013 , we took free and clear delivery of nine B737-900ER, and three Q400 aircraft.  We made scheduled debt payments totaling  $161 million .  In addition, we continued to return capital to our shareholders by repurchasing  $159 million  of our common stock in  2013 , and paid dividends totaling $28 million.  Finally, we made voluntary contributions to our qualified defined-benefit pension plans of  $83 million  in  2013 , although there were no funding requirements.  We will continue to focus on preserving a strong liquidity position and evaluate our cash needs as conditions change.   The overall strength of our balance sheet was one of the contributing factors for Standard & Poor's recent decision to upgrade our credit rating from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook. We believe that our current cash and marketable securities balance combined with future cash flows from operations and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. In our cash and marketable securities portfolio, we invest only in securities that meet our primary investment strategy of maintaining and securing investment principal.  Our investment portfolio is managed by reputable firms that adhere to our investment policy that sets forth investment objectives, approved and prohibited investments, and duration and credit quality guidelines.  Our policy and the portfolio managers are continually reviewed to ensure that the investments are aligned with our strategy.   The table below presents the major indicators of financial condition and liquidity:  (in millions, except per share and debt-to-capital amounts) December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012   Change Cash and marketable securities $ 1,330   $ 1,252   $ 78 Cash, marketable securities, and unused lines of credit as a percentage of trailing twelve months revenue (a) 31 %   31 %   — Long-term debt, net of current portion 754   871   (117 ) Shareholders’ equity 2,029   1,421   608 Long-term debt-to-capital ratio (b) 35%:65%   48%:52%   (13 ) pts (a)   Excludes Special mileage plan revenue item. (b)   Calculated using the present value of remaining aircraft lease payments.   The following discussion summarizes the primary drivers of the increase in our cash and marketable securities balance and our expectation of future cash requirements. ANALYSIS OF OUR CASH FLOWS   Cash Provided by Operating Activities   Cash from operation increased approximately  $228 million  due to an increase in revenues, excluding Special mileage plan revenue item, of approximately $300 million, an increase in cash receipts related to our mileage plan program of approximately $130 million due to growth in the program and an increase in the rate paid per mile, an approximately $60 million savings in fuel hedges as we changed our program to purchase calls out of the money and shortened the tenor of our program, and approximately $30 million less in pension contributions.  Partially offsetting these increases were additional cash paid in taxes of approximately $80 million, an increase in operating expenses to support the growth in revenues of approximately $115 million, an increase wages and incentive pay of $65 million, and an increase fuel costs of $25 million.  42 Table of Contents Cash provided by operating activities was  $753 million  in  2012 , compared to  $696 million  in  2011 .  The $57 million increase was primarily driven by $339 million in increased revenue, offset by higher fuel of $161 million as well as higher non-fuel operating costs to support increased revenues and capacity.  In addition, cash received from the sale of miles under our mileage plan program increased approximately $30 million due a 5% increase in miles sold with a 4% increase in rate.  In 2012, we made voluntary contributions to our qualified pension plan of $110 million versus $133 million in the prior year, and we paid cash taxes of $78 million in 2012 compared to $8 million in 2011. We typically generate positive cash flows from operations, and expect to use a portion to invest in capital expenditures.       Cash Used in Investing Activities   Cash used in investing activities was  $698 million  during  2013 , compared to  $645 million  in  2012 .  Our capital expenditures were  $566 million , or  $48 million  higher than in  2012 .  This is due to the delivery of nine B737-900ER aircraft, and three Q400 aircraft, compared to four B737-900ER aircraft, three B737-800 aircraft, and two Q400 aircraft in the prior year. We now have firm commitments for  69  B737 aircraft through 2022 with options to acquire up to  62  additional 737 NextGen (NG) aircraft and MAX aircraft in  2015  through  2024 .  The options for both NG and MAX aircraft will give Alaska the flexibility, but not the obligation, to grow the fleet assuming profitability and return on invested capital targets can be met.  The new agreements will result in increased capital spending over the next ten years depending on how many of our options are exercised. The table below reflects total expected capital expenditures and the additional expenditures if options were exercised, as of  February 13, 2014 .  These options will be exercised only if we believe return on invested capital targets can be met:   2013 Actuals   2014   2015   2016   2017 Aircraft and aircraft purchase deposits - firm $ 487   $ 290   $ 335   $ 270   $ 325 Replacement options expected to be exercised (a) —   10   75   60   — Other flight equipment 41   130   35   35   25 Other property and equipment 38   95   80   75   75 Total property and equipment additions $ 566   $ 525   $ 525   $ 440   $ 425 Aircraft and aircraft deposits related to growth options, if exercised (a) $ —   $ 45   $ 190   $ 235   $ 300 (a)   Alaska has options to acquire  62  B737 aircraft with deliveries in  2015  through  2024 .  Horizon has options to acquire  7  Q400 aircraft with deliveries in  2015  to  2018 . Cash used in investing activities was $645 million during 2012, compared to $403 million in 2011.  Our capital expenditures were $518 million, or $131 million higher than in 2011.  This is due to the delivery of four B737-900ER aircraft, three B737-800 aircraft and two Q400 aircraft, compared to three B737-800 aircraft in the prior year, as well as purchase deposits for the ten B737-900ER aircraft to be delivered in 2014 and initial deposits related to our new Boeing agreements. In 2012, we entered into a new agreement and modified existing agreements with Boeing to acquire 50 737 aircraft, including 37 of Boeing's new 737 MAX aircraft.  This order positions Alaska to replace aging aircraft over the next decade, including the phase out of nearly all of its 737-400 aircraft by the end of 2017, and continue to operate one of the most modern, environmentally friendly, comfortable and fuel-efficient fleets in the United States. Cash Used by Financing Activities   Cash used by financing activities was  $325 million  during  2013 , compared to  $88 million  in  2012 .  During the current year, we had scheduled debt payments of  $161 million , stock repurchases of  $159 million , and cash dividend payments of  $28 million .  In  2012 , we made debt payments of  $275 million , stock repurchases of  $60 million , and received  $178 million  in T6 LAX reimbursement.  In 2011, we made debt payments of  $334 million  and stock repurchases of $80 million, which was offset by proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $106 million.    We plan to meet our capital and operating commitments through internally generated funds from operations and cash and marketable securities on hand, along with additional debt financing if necessary.    43 Table of Contents Bank Line-of-Credit Facility   The Company has two $100 million credit facilities.  Both facilities have variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus a specified margin.  Borrowings on one of the  $100 million  facilities, which expires in  August 2015 , are secured by aircraft.  Borrowings on the other  $100 million  facility are secured by certain accounts receivable, spare engines, spare parts and ground service equipment.  We modified the first facility in  2012  by extending the term from  March 2013  to  August 2015  and the second facility in  2013  by extending the term from  March 2016  to  March 2017 , and reduced the commitment fee for both facilities.  The Company has no immediate plans to borrow using either of these facilities.    CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS   Aircraft Purchase Commitments   Overall, we have firm orders to purchase  69  aircraft.  We have options to acquire  62  additional B737 aircraft and options to acquire  7  Q400 aircraft.   The following table summarizes aircraft purchase commitments by year, as of  February 13, 2014 :   Actual Fleet Count   Expected Fleet Activity Aircraft Dec 31, 2012   Dec 31, 2013   2014 Changes   Dec 31, 2014   2015 Changes   Dec 31, 2015 B737 Freighters & Combis 6   6   —   6     6 B737 Passenger Aircraft 118   125   3   128   1   129 Total Mainline Fleet 124   131   3   134   1   135 Q400 48   51   —   51   —   51 Total 172   182   3   185   1   186 For future firm orders and if we exercise our options for additional deliveries, we may finance the aircraft through internally generated cash, long-term debt, or lease arrangements. Future Fuel Hedge Positions We use both call options for crude oil forwards and swap agreements for jet fuel refining margins to hedge against price volatility of future jet fuel consumption.  We have refining margin swaps in place for approximately  50%  of our  first  quarter  2014  estimated jet fuel purchases at an average price of  70 cents  per gallon.  Our crude oil positions are as follows:   Approximate % of Expected Fuel Requirements   Weighted-Average Crude Oil Price per Barrel   Average Premium Cost per Barrel First Quarter 2014 50%   $103   $9 Second Quarter 2014 50%   $103   $8 Third Quarter 2014 44%   $103   $8 Fourth Quarter 2014 33%   $104   $7    Full Year 2014 44%   $103   $8 First Quarter 2015 28%   $104   $7 Second Quarter 2015 22%   $103   $6 Third Quarter 2015 17%   $106   $5 Fourth Quarter 2015 11%   $106   $5    Full Year 2015 19%   $104   $6 First Quarter 2016 6%   $105   $4    Full Year 2016 1%   $105   $4  44 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations   The following table provides a summary of our principal payments under current and long-term debt obligations, operating lease commitments, aircraft purchase commitments and other obligations as of  December 31, 2013 . (in millions) 2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   Beyond 2018   Total Current and long-term debt obligations $ 117   $ 113   $ 111   $ 116   $ 147   $ 267   $ 871 Operating lease commitments (a) 221   186   154   119   55   160   895 Aircraft purchase commitments 407   338   289   341   429   1,034   2,838 Interest obligations (b) 42   37   32   27   20   24   182 Other obligations (c) 61   54   32   32   14   —   193 Total $ 848   $ 728   $ 618   $ 635   $ 665   $ 1,485   $ 4,979 (a)   Operating lease commitments generally include aircraft operating leases, airport property and hangar leases, office space, and other equipment leases.  (b)   For variable-rate debt, future obligations are shown above using interest rates in effect as of  December 31, 2013 . (c)   Includes minimum obligations under our long-term power-by-the-hour maintenance agreements and obligations associated with third-party CPAs with SkyWest and PenAir.  Refer to the "Commitments" note in the consolidated financial statements for further information. Defined Benefit Pensions Our qualified defined-benefit pension plans were overfunded by  $60 million  at  December 31, 2013 , compared to a  $335 million  unfunded liability at  December 31, 2012 .  This results in a  104%  funded status on a projected benefit obligation basis compared to  82%  funded as of  December 31, 2012 .  Considering the funded status of the plans, we do not plan on making any material pension contributions in 2014. Credit Card Agreements   We have agreements with a number of credit card companies to process the sale of tickets and other services.  Under these agreements, there are material adverse change clauses that, if triggered, could result in the credit card companies holding back a reserve from our credit card receivables.  Under one such agreement, we could be required to maintain a reserve if our credit rating is downgraded to or below a rating specified by the agreement or our cash and marketable securities balance fell below $500 million.  Under another such agreement, we could be required to maintain a reserve if our cash and marketable securities balance fell below $500 million.  We are not currently required to maintain any reserve under these agreements, but if we were, our financial position and liquidity could be materially harmed.   Deferred Income Taxes For federal income tax purposes, the majority of our assets, as measured by value, are fully depreciated over a seven-year life using an accelerated depreciation method or bonus depreciation if available.  For financial reporting purposes, the majority of our assets are depreciated over 15 to 20 years to an estimated salvage value using the straight-line basis.  This difference has created a significant deferred tax liability.  At some point in the future the depreciation basis will reverse, potentially resulting in an increase in income taxes paid.   While it is possible that we could have material cash obligations for this deferred liability at some point in the future, we cannot estimate the timing of long-term cash flows with reasonable accuracy.  Taxable income and cash taxes payable in the short term are impacted by many items, including the amount of book income generated, which can be volatile depending on revenue and fuel prices, level of pension funding (which is generally not known until late each year), whether "bonus depreciation" provisions are available, as well as other legislative changes that are out of our control.   In  2013 , we made tax payments of  $149 million , and had an effective tax rate of  37.7% .  In  2014 , we expect to pay more in cash tax payments, however, this is highly dependent on actual taxable income and other factors that are difficult to estimate at this time.  45 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES   The discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations in this MD&A are based upon our consolidated financial statements.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations.  See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of our significant accounting policies. Critical accounting estimates are defined as those that reflect significant management judgment and uncertainties and that potentially may result in materially different results under varying assumptions and conditions.  Management has identified the following critical accounting estimates and has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these policies with our audit committee.   MILEAGE PLAN   Our Mileage Plan loyalty program awards miles to member passengers who fly on our airlines and many of our travel partners.  Additionally, we sell miles to third parties, such as our bank partner, for cash.  In either case, the outstanding miles may be redeemed for travel on our airlines or any of our travel partners.  As long as the Mileage Plan is in existence, we have an obligation to provide this future travel. For miles earned by passengers who fly on us or our travel partners, we recognize a liability and a corresponding selling expense representing the incremental cost associated with the obligation to provide travel in the future.  For miles sold to third parties, the sales proceeds that represent award transportation and certificates for discounted companion travel are deferred and recognized when the transportation is delivered, and the remaining components are recorded as commission in other-net revenue in the period the miles are sold.  Commission revenue recognized for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  was  $213 million ,  $143 million  and  $138 million , respectively.  The deferred revenue is recognized as passenger revenue when awards are issued and flown on one of our airlines or expire, and as other-net revenue for awards issued and flown on partner airlines.   At  December 31, 2013 , we had approximately 137 billion miles outstanding, resulting in an aggregate liability and deferred revenue balance of  $656 million .  Both the liability and the deferred revenue are determined based on several assumptions that require significant management judgment to estimate and formulate.  There are uncertainties inherent in these estimates; therefore, different assumptions could greatly affect the amount and/or timing of revenue recognition or Mileage Plan expenses.  The most significant assumptions in accounting for the Mileage Plan are described below. 1. The rate at which we defer sales proceeds from sold miles:   We defer sales proceeds under two accounting methodologies: the relative selling price method, which represents approximately 94% of sold miles, and the residual accounting method, which represents the remaining 6%.  For contracts that were modified after the effective date of Accounting Standards Update 2009-13, "Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force" (ASU 2009-13), we determined our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and the number of miles redeemed. We estimated the selling prices and volumes over the terms of the agreements in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple deliverables.  This relative allocation does not change over the term of the agreements.   For remaining contracts which continue to be accounted for under the residual method, as our estimates of selling price change, the amount we defer changes, resulting in the recognition of a higher or lower portion of the cash proceeds from the sale of miles as commission revenue in any given period. A 10% increase in the estimated selling price of travel (and related deferral rate) would decrease commission revenue by an immaterial amount.  This amount would instead be recognized in a future period when award travel takes place. 2. The number of miles that will not be redeemed for travel (breakage):   The liability for outstanding Mileage Plan mileage credits includes all mileage credits that are expected to be redeemed, including mileage credits earned by members whose mileage account balances have not yet reached the minimum mileage credit level to redeem an award.  Our estimate of the number of miles that will not be redeemed (breakage) consider historical activity in our members’ accounts and other factors.  In  2013 , as part of the modification of our affinity card agreement, we re-evaluated the breakage rate based on a statistical analysis of historical data, which refined our estimate of the amount of   46 Table of Contents breakage in the mileage population. This new refinement enabled us to better identify historical differences between certain of our mileage breakage estimates and the amounts that have actually been experienced.  As a result, we increased our estimate of the number of miles expected to expire unused from 12% to 17.4%.  The effect of the 5.4% change in the breakage estimate was approximately $44 million, included as part of the Special mileage plan revenue item, and approximately $7 million for the second half of 2013, included in Other-net revenue.  A hypothetical 1% change in our estimate of breakage has approximately a $5 million effect on the liability.   3. The number of miles used per award:   We estimate how many miles will be used per award.  For example, our members may redeem credit for award travel to various locations or choose between a highly restricted award and an unrestricted award.  Our estimates are based on the current requirements in our Mileage Plan program and historical award redemption patterns. 4. The number of awards redeemed for travel on our airlines versus other airlines:   The cost for us to carry an award passenger is typically lower than the cost we will pay to our travel partners.  We estimate the number of awards that will be redeemed on our airlines versus on our travel partners, and accrue the estimated costs based on historical redemption patterns.  If the number of awards redeemed on our travel partner is higher or lower than estimated, we may need to adjust our liability and corresponding expense. 5. The costs that will be incurred to provide award travel:   When a frequent flyer travels on his or her award ticket on one of our airlines, incremental costs such as food, fuel and insurance are incurred to carry that passenger.  We estimate what these costs will be (excluding any contribution to overhead and profit) and accrue a liability.  If the passenger travels on another airline on an award ticket, we often must pay the other airline for carrying the passenger.  The other airline costs are based on negotiated agreements and are often substantially higher than the costs we would incur to carry that passenger.  We estimate how much we will pay to other airlines for future travel awards based on historical redemptions and settlements with other carriers and accrue a liability accordingly.  The costs actually incurred by us or paid to other airlines may be higher or lower than the costs that were estimated and accrued, and therefore we may need to adjust our liability and recognize a corresponding expense.   We regularly review significant Mileage Plan assumptions and change our assumptions if facts and circumstances indicate that a change is necessary.  Any such change in assumptions could have a significant effect on our financial position and results of operations. PENSION PLANS   Accounting rules require recognition of the overfunded or underfunded status of an entity’s defined-benefit pension and other postretirement plans as an asset or liability in the financial statements and requires recognition of the changes in funded status in other comprehensive income.  Pension expense is recognized on an accrual basis over employees’ approximate service periods and is generally independent of funding decisions or requirements.  We recognized expense for our qualified defined-benefit pension plans of  $50 million ,  $57 million , and  $42 million  in  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.  We expect the  2014  expense to be approximately  $9 million , as a result of the improvement in the funded status of our plans.     The calculation of pension expense and the corresponding liability requires the use of a number of important assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the assumed discount rate.  Changes in these assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual experience can differ from these assumptions. Pension liability and future pension expense decrease as the discount rate increases.  We discounted future pension obligations using a rate of  4.85%  and  3.95%  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  The discount rate at  December 31, 2013  was determined using current rates earned on high-quality, long-term bonds with maturities that correspond with the estimated cash distributions from the pension plans.  The increase in the discount rate is due to the rising interest rate environment as the economy improves from the recent recession.  If the economy were to face unfavorable conditions and the discount rate decreased by  0.5%  (from  4.85%  to  4.35% ), we would increase our projected benefit obligation at  December 31, 2013  by approximately  $118 million  and increase our estimated  2014  pension expense by approximately  $8 million . Pension expense normally increases as the expected rate of return on pension plan assets decreases.  As of  December 31, 2013 , we estimate that the pension plan assets will generate a long-term rate of return of  6.75% , which decreased 0.5% from the rate at  December 31, 2012 .  The decrease in rate is due to the shift of our pension asset portfolio into more fixed income   47 Table of Contents investments that better match the cash flows of our expected benefit payments and reduce the volatility of future returns. We regularly review the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalance investments as appropriate.  This expected long-term rate of return on plan assets at  December 31, 2013  is based on an allocation of U.S. and non-U.S. equities and U.S. fixed-income securities.  A decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of  0.5%  (from  6.75%  to  6.25% ) would increase our estimated  2014  pension expense by approximately  $9 million . All of our defined-benefit pension plans are now closed to new entrants.  Additionally, benefits in our non-union defined-benefit plans were frozen January 1, 2014.   Future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the participants in our pension plans will impact our future pension expense and liabilities.  We cannot predict what these factors will be in the future.   LONG-LIVED ASSETS   As of  December 31, 2013 , we had approximately  $3.9 billion  of property and equipment and related assets, net of accumulated depreciation.  In accounting for these long-lived assets, we make estimates about the expected useful lives of the assets, changes in fleet plans, the expected residual values of the assets, and the potential for impairment based on the fair value of the assets and the cash flows they generate.  Factors indicating potential impairment include, but are not limited to, significant decreases in the market value of the long-lived assets, management decisions regarding the future use of the assets, a significant change in the long-lived assets condition, and operating cash flow losses associated with the use of the long-lived asset. There is inherent risk in estimating the fair value of our aircraft and related parts and their salvage values at the time of impairment.  Actual proceeds upon disposition of the aircraft or related parts could be materially less than expected, resulting in additional loss.  Our estimate of salvage value at the time of disposal could also change, requiring us to increase the depreciation expense on the affected aircraft.  ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK   We have interest-rate risk on our variable-rate debt obligations and our available-for-sale marketable investment portfolio, and commodity-price risk in jet fuel required to operate our aircraft fleet.  We purchase the majority of our jet fuel at prevailing market prices and seek to manage market risk through execution of our hedging strategy and other means.  We have market-sensitive instruments in the form of fixed-rate debt instruments, and financial derivative instruments used to hedge our exposure to jet-fuel price increases and interest-rate increases.  We do not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.   Aircraft Fuel   Currently, our fuel-hedging portfolio consists of crude oil call options and jet fuel refining margin swap contracts.  Both call options and swaps effectively cap our pricing for the crude oil and refining margin components, limiting our exposure to increasing fuel prices for about half of our planned fuel consumption.  With the call option contracts, we still benefit from the decline in crude oil prices, as there is no future cash exposure above the premiums we pay to enter into the contracts.  The swap contracts do not require an upfront premium, but do expose us to future cash outlays in the event actual prices are below the swap price during the hedge period.  We believe there is risk in not hedging against the possibility of fuel price increases.  We estimate that a 10% increase or decrease in crude oil prices as of  December 31, 2013  would increase or decrease the fair value of our crude oil hedge portfolio by approximately  $27 million  and  $12 million , respectively. Our portfolio value of fuel hedge contracts was  $16  million at  December 31, 2013  compared to a portfolio value of  $64  million at  December 31, 2012 .  We do not have any collateral held by counterparties to these agreements as of  December 31, 2013 .   We continue to believe that our fuel hedge program is an important part of our strategy to reduce our exposure to volatile fuel prices.  We expect to continue to enter into these types of contracts prospectively, although significant changes in market conditions could affect our decisions.  For more discussion, see the "Derivative Instruments" note in our consolidated financial statements.    48 Table of Contents Interest Rates   We have exposure to market risk associated with changes in interest rates related primarily to our debt obligations and short-term investment portfolio.  Our debt obligations include variable-rate instruments, which have exposure to changes in interest rates.  This exposure is somewhat mitigated through our variable-rate investment portfolio.  A hypothetical 10% change in the average interest rates incurred on variable-rate debt during  2013  would correspondingly change our net earnings and cash flows associated with these items by less than $1 million.  In order to help mitigate the risk of interest rate fluctuations, we have fixed the interest rates on certain existing variable-rate debt agreements.  Our variable-rate debt is approximately  19%  of our total long-term debt at  December 31, 2013  compared to  18%  at  December 31, 2012 . We also have investments in marketable securities, which are exposed to market risk associated with changes in interest rates.  If short-term interest rates were to average 1% more than they did in  2013 , interest income would increase by approximately  $14 million . ITEM 8.   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   SELECTED QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (unaudited)   First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter (in millions, except per share) 2013   2012   2013   2012   2013   2012   2013   2012 Operating revenues (a) $ 1,133   $ 1,039   $ 1,256   $ 1,214   $ 1,557   $ 1,272   $ 1,210   $ 1,132 Operating income 64   72   174   116   470   269   130   74 Net income 37   41   104   68   289   163   78   44 Basic earnings per  share (b) 0.52   0.57   1.49   0.95   4.13   2.30   1.12   0.62 Diluted earnings per per share (b) 0.51   0.56   1.47   0.93   4.08   2.27   1.11   0.61 (a)   In the third quarter the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2009-13, "Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force" (ASU 2009-13).  Refer to Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. (b)   For earnings per share, the sum of the quarters may not equal the total for the full year due to rounding.    49 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders Alaska Air Group, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Alaska Air Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s affinity card agreement was materially modified effective July 2, 2013. As a result, the Company changed its method of accounting for consideration received under this agreement in accordance with Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-13, Multiple Deliverable Revenue Arrangements. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Alaska Air Group, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission  (COSO), and our report dated February 13, 2014  expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Seattle, Washington February 13, 2014        50 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31  (in millions)   2013   2012 ASSETS         Current Assets         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 80   $ 122 Marketable securities   1,250   1,130 Total cash and marketable securities   1,330   1,252 Receivables - less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1 and $0   152   130 Inventories and supplies - net   60   58 Deferred income taxes   113   148 Fuel hedge contracts   12   26 Prepaid expenses and other current assets   95   123 Total Current Assets   1,762   1,737           Property and Equipment         Aircraft and other flight equipment   4,677   4,248 Other property and equipment   838   855 Deposits for future flight equipment   446   369     5,961   5,472 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization   2,068   1,863 Total Property and Equipment - Net   3,893   3,609           Fuel Hedge Contracts   4   39           Other Assets   179   120           Total Assets   $ 5,838   $ 5,505 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  51 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS -  (continued) As of December 31  (in millions except share amounts)   2013   2012 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY         Current Liabilities         Accounts payable   64   65 Accrued aircraft rent   12   18 Accrued wages, vacation and payroll taxes   211   184 Other accrued liabilities   612   539 Air traffic liability   564   534 Current portion of long-term debt   117   161 Total Current Liabilities   1,580   1,501           Long-Term Debt, Net of Current Portion   754   871 Other Liabilities and Credits         Deferred income taxes   709   446 Deferred revenue   335   443 Obligation for pension and postretirement medical benefits   123   489 Other liabilities   308   334     1,475   1,712 Commitments and Contingencies     Shareholders' Equity         Preferred stock, $1 par value Authorized:  5,000,000 shares, none issued or outstanding   —   — Common stock, $1 par value  Authorized: 100,000,000 shares, Issued: 2013 - 68,766,691 shares; 2012 - 70,376,543 shares, Outstanding: 2013 - 68,745,953 shares; 2012 - 70,376,543 shares   69   70 Capital in excess of par value   538   660 Treasury stock (common), at cost: 2013 - 20,738 shares; 2012 - 0 shares   (2 )   — Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (183)   (436) Retained earnings   1,607   1,127     2,029   1,421 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity   $ 5,838   $ 5,505 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  52 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31  (in millions, except per-share amounts) 2013   2012   2011 Operating Revenues           Passenger           Mainline $ 3,490   $ 3,284   $ 2,995 Regional 777   746   713 Total passenger revenue 4,267   4,030   3,708 Freight and mail 113   111   109 Other - net 584   516   501 Special mileage plan revenue 192   —   — Total Operating Revenues 5,156   4,657   4,318             Operating Expenses           Wages and benefits 1,086   1,038   991 Variable incentive pay 105   88   72 Aircraft fuel, including hedging gains and losses 1,467   1,459   1,298 Aircraft maintenance 247   222   206 Aircraft rent 119   116   116 Landing fees and other rentals 262   243   238 Contracted services 221   200   185 Selling expenses 179   168   175 Depreciation and amortization 270   264   247 Food and beverage service 84   79   67 Other 278   248   235 Fleet transition and restructuring related expenses —   —   39 Total Operating Expenses 4,318   4,125   3,869 Operating Income 838   532   449             Nonoperating Income (Expense)           Interest income 18   19   22 Interest expense (56 )   (64 )   (87 ) Interest capitalized 21   18   12 Other - net (5 )   9   (2 )   (22 )   (18 )   (55 ) Income before income tax 816   514   394 Income tax expense 308   198   149 Net Income $ 508   $ 316   $ 245             Basic Earnings Per Share: $ 7.26   $ 4.47   $ 3.41 Diluted Earnings Per Share: $ 7.16   $ 4.40   $ 3.33 Shares used for computation:           Basic 69.955   70.708   71.755 Diluted 70.939   71.784   73.421             Cash dividend declared per share $ 0.40   $ —   $ — See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  53 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE OPERATIONS  Year Ended December 31 (in millions) 2013   2012   2011             Net Income $ 508   $ 316   $ 245             Other comprehensive income (loss):           Related to marketable securities:           Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period (9 )   9   (1 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income (within Nonoperating Income (Expense), Other - net) (2 )   (7 )   (3 ) Income tax benefit (expense) 4   (1 )   1 Total (7 )   1   (3 )             Related to employee benefit plans:           Actuarial gains/(losses) related to pension and other post retirement benefit plans 358   (107 )   (199 ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of net pension expense (within Wages and Benefits) 42   39   24 Income tax benefit (expense) (150 )   25   65 Total 250   (43 )   (110 )             Related to interest rate derivative instruments:           Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period 10   (10 )   (26 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income (within Aircraft Rent) 6   6   6 Income tax benefit (expense) (6 )   —   10 Total 10   (4 )   (10 )             Other comprehensive income (loss) 253   (46 )   (123 ) Comprehensive income $ 761   $ 270   $ 122 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  54 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (in millions) Common Stock Outstanding   Common Stock   Capital in Excess of Par Value   Treasury Stock   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   Retained Earnings   Total Balances at December 31, 2010 71.848   $ 74   $ 779   $ (46 )   $ (267 )   $ 566   $ 1,106 2011 net income —   —   —   —   —   245   245 Other comprehensive income/(loss) —   —   —   —   (123 )   —   (123 ) Common stock repurchase (2.618 )   —   —   (79 )   —   —   (79 ) Stock-based compensation —   —   12   —   —   —   12 Treasury stock issued under stock plans 0.007   —   —   —   —   —   — Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 0.126   —   3   —   —   —   3 Stock issued under stock plans 1.587   2   8   —   —   —   10 Balances at December 31, 2011 70.950   76   802   (125 )   (390 )   811   1,174 2012 net income —   —   —   —   —   316   316 Other comprehensive income/(loss) —   —   —   —   (46 )   —   (46 ) Common stock repurchase (1.686 )   (2 )   (58 )   —   —   —   (60 ) Stock-based compensation —   —   15   —   —   —   15 Retirement of treasury stock —   (5 )   (120 )   125   —   —   — Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 0.157   —   4   —   —   —   4 Stock issued under stock plans 0.956   1   17   —   —   —   18 Balances at December 31, 2012 70.377   70   660   —   (436 )   1,127   1,421 2013 net income —   —   —   —   —   508   508 Other comprehensive income/(loss) —   —   —   —   253   —   253 Common stock repurchase (2.492 )   (2 )   (155 )   (2 )   —   —   (159 ) Stock-based compensation —   —   16   —   —   —   16 Cash dividend declared —   —   —   —   —   (28 )   (28 ) Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 0.171   —   6   —   —   —   6 Stock issued under stock plans 0.690   1   11   —   —   —   12 Balances at December 31, 2013 68.746   $ 69   $ 538   $ (2 )   $ (183 )   $ 1,607   $ 2,029 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  55 Table of Contents ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31  (in millions)   2013   2012   2011 Cash flows from operating activities:             Net income   $ 508   $ 316   $ 245 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:             Special mileage plan accounting adjustment   (192 )   —   — Depreciation and amortization   270   264   247 Stock-based compensation and other   32   10   17 Changes in certain assets and liabilities:             Changes in fair values of open fuel hedge contracts   45   43   14 Changes in deferred tax provision   146   94   145 Increase (decrease) in other current liabilities   70   34   (20 ) Increase (decrease) in air traffic liability   29   45   67 Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue   84   33   7 Increase (decrease) in other long-term liabilities   (14 )   4   70 Increase (decrease) in pension and other medical liabilities   62   71   36 Other - net   28   (47 )   9 Pension contribution   (87 )   (114 )   (141 ) Net cash provided by operating activities   981   753   696               Cash flows from investing activities:             Property and equipment additions:             Aircraft and aircraft purchase deposits   (487 )   (455 )   (318 ) Other flight equipment   (41 )   (24 )   (35 ) Other property and equipment   (38 )   (39 )   (34 ) Total property and equipment additions   (566 )   (518 )   (387 ) Assets constructed for others (Terminal 6 at LAX)   —   (56 )   (109 ) Purchases of marketable securities   (1,218 )   (1,130 )   (884 ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities   1,089   1,048   956 Proceeds from disposition of assets and changes in restricted deposits   (3 )   11   21 Net cash used in investing activities   (698 )   (645 )   (403 )               Cash flows from financing activities:             Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt   —   —   107 Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions, net   —   49   — Long-term debt payments   (161 )   (275 )   (334 ) Common stock repurchases   (159 )   (60 )   (80 ) Cash dividend paid   (28 )   —   — Proceeds and tax benefit from issuance of common stock   24   31   19 Terminal 6 at LAX reimbursement   2   178   4 Other financing activities   (3 )   (11 )   3 Net cash used in financing activities   (325 )   (88 )   (281 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (42 )   20   12 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   122   102   90 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   $ 80   $ 122   $ 102               Supplemental disclosure:             Cash paid during the year for:             Interest (net of amount capitalized)   $ 35   $ 46   $ 74 Income taxes   149   78   8 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  56 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   Alaska Air Group, Inc. December 31, 2013     NOTE 1. GENERAL AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   Organization and Basis of Presentation   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (Air Group or the Company) and its subsidiaries, Alaska Airlines, Inc. (Alaska) and Horizon Air Industries, Inc. (Horizon), through which the Company conducts substantially all of its operations.  All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.  These financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and their preparation requires the use of management’s estimates.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.   Cash and Cash Equivalents   Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, such as money market funds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit.  They are carried at cost, which approximates market value.  The Company reduces cash balances when funds are disbursed.  Due to the time delay in funds clearing the banks, the Company normally maintains a negative balance in its cash disbursement accounts, which is reported as a current liability.  The amount of the negative cash balance was  $11 million  and  $14 million  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively, and is included in accounts payable, with the change in the balance during the year included in other financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company has restricted cash balances primarily used to guarantee various letters of credit, self-insurance programs, or other contractual rights.  Restricted cash consists of highly liquid securities with original maturities of three months or less.  They are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. Marketable Securities Investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term investments.  Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations.  All cash equivalents and short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific identification method.  Changes in market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL). Investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary.  The Company uses a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment.  If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, management evaluates, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, our intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment.  Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to Other-net in the consolidated statements of operations and a new cost basis in the investment is established. Receivables   Receivables are due on demand and consist primarily of airline traffic (including credit card) receivables, Mileage Plan partners, amounts due from other airlines related to interline agreements, government tax authorities, and other miscellaneous amounts due to the Company, and are net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.  Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on known troubled accounts and historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Inventories and Supplies—net   Expendable aircraft parts, materials and supplies are stated at average cost and are included in inventories and supplies — net. An obsolescence allowance for expendable parts is accrued based on estimated lives of the corresponding fleet type and salvage values.  The allowance for all non-surplus expendable inventories was $ 30 million  and  $26 million  at  December 31,   57 Table of Contents 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  Inventory and supplies — net also includes fuel inventory of $ 23 million  and  $23 million  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  Repairable and rotable aircraft parts inventories are included in flight equipment.   Property, Equipment and Depreciation   Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which are as follows: Aircraft and related flight equipment:   Boeing 737 aircraft 20 years Bombardier Q400 15 years Buildings 25-30 years Minor building and land improvements 10 years Capitalized leases and leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life Computer hardware and software 3-5 years Other furniture and equipment 5-10 years “Related flight equipment” includes rotable and repairable spare inventories, which are depreciated over the associated fleet life unless otherwise noted.   Interest is capitalized on flight equipment purchase deposits as a cost of the related asset, and is depreciated over the estimated useful life of the asset.  The capitalized interest is based on the Company’s weighted-average borrowing rate. Maintenance and repairs, other than engine maintenance on some B737-700 and -900 engines, are expensed when incurred. Major modifications that extend the life or improve the usefulness of aircraft are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated period of use.  Maintenance on some B737-700 and -900 engines is covered under power-by-the-hour agreements with third parties, whereby the Company pays a determinable amount, and transfers risk, to a third party.  The Company expenses the contract amounts based on engine usage.   The Company evaluates long-lived assets to be held and used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the total carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable.  The Company groups assets for purposes of such reviews at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows of the asset group are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities.  An impairment loss is considered when estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount.  If the asset or asset group is not considered recoverable, a write-down equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value will be recorded.    Internally Used Software Costs   The Company capitalizes costs to develop internal-use software that are incurred in the application development stage.  Amortization commences when the software is ready for its intended use and the amortization period is the estimated useful life of the software, generally three to five years.  Capitalized costs primarily include contract labor and payroll costs of the individuals dedicated to the development of internal-use software.   Deferred Revenue   Deferred revenue results primarily from the sale of Mileage Plan miles to third-parties.  This revenue is recognized when award transportation is provided or over the term of the applicable agreement. Operating Leases   The Company leases aircraft, airport and terminal facilities, office space, and other equipment under operating leases. Some of these lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays.  For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations.    58 Table of Contents Leased Aircraft Return Costs   Cash payments associated with returning leased aircraft are accrued when it is probable that a cash payment will be made and that amount is reasonably estimable.  Any accrual is based on the time remaining on the lease, planned aircraft usage and the provisions included in the lease agreement, although the actual amount due to any lessor upon return will not be known with certainty until lease termination. As leased aircraft are returned, any payments are charged against the established accrual.  The accrual is part of other current and long-term liabilities, and was  $15 million  and  $2 million  as of  December 31, 2013  and  December 31, 2012 , respectively. Revenue Recognition   Passenger revenue is recognized when the passenger travels.  Tickets sold but not yet used are reported as air traffic liability until travel or date of expiration.  Air traffic liability includes approximately  $26 million  and  $26 million  related to travel credits for future travel, as of  December 31, 2013  and  December 31, 2012 , respectively.  These credits are recognized into revenue either when the passenger travels or the date of expiration, which is twelve months from issuance.  Commissions to travel agents and related fees are expensed when the related revenue is recognized.  Passenger traffic commissions and related fees not yet recognized are included as a prepaid expense.  Taxes collected from passengers, including transportation excise taxes, airport and security fees and other fees, are recorded on a net basis within passenger revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.  Due to complex pricing structures, refund and exchange policies, and interline agreements with other airlines, certain amounts are recognized as revenue using estimates regarding both the timing of the revenue recognition and the amount of revenue to be recognized.  These estimates are based on the Company’s historical data. Freight and mail revenues are recognized when service is provided. Other - net revenues are primarily related to the Mileage Plan and they are recognized as described in the “Mileage Plan” paragraph below.  Other - net also includes certain ancillary or non-ticket revenues, such as checked-bag fees, reservations fees, ticket change fees, on-board food and beverage sales, and to a much lesser extent commissions from car and hotel vendors, and from the sales of travel insurance.  These items are recognized as revenue when the related services are provided.  Boardroom (airport lounge) memberships are recognized as revenue over the membership period.   Mileage Plan   Alaska operates a frequent flyer program (“Mileage Plan”) that provides travel awards to members based on accumulated mileage.  For miles earned by flying on Alaska or Horizon and through airline partners, the estimated cost of providing award travel is recognized as a selling expense and accrued as a liability as miles are earned and accumulated. Alaska also sells miles to non-airline partners, such as hotels, car rental agencies, and a major bank that offers Alaska Airlines affinity credit cards.  The Company defers passenger revenue related to air transportation and certificates for discounted companion travel until the transportation is delivered.  The deferred proceeds are recognized as passenger revenue for awards redeemed and flown on Alaska or Horizon, and as Other-net revenue for awards redeemed and flown on other airlines (less the cost paid to the other airlines based on contractual agreements).  For the portion of the sold miles that represent use of the Alaska Airlines brand and access to frequent flyer member lists and advertising, it is recognized as commission income in the period that the mileage credits are sold and included in Other - net revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. Alaska’s Mileage Plan deferred revenue and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012 Current Liabilities:       Other accrued liabilities $ 314   $ 285 Other Liabilities and Credits:       Deferred revenue 323   428 Other liabilities 19   17 Total $ 656   $ 730 The amounts recorded in other accrued liabilities relate primarily to deferred revenue expected to be realized within one year, which includes Mileage Plan awards that have been issued but not yet flown for $ 31 million  and  $39 million   at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  59 Table of Contents   Alaska’s Mileage Plan revenue included in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012   2011 Passenger revenues $ 208   $ 183   $ 201 Other-net revenues 256   209   195 Special mileage plan revenue (a) $ 192   $ —   $ — Total Mileage Plan revenues $ 656   $ 392   $ 396 (a)   Refer to Note 2 for further information.   Other — net revenues includes commission revenue of  $213 million ,  $143 million , and  $138 million  in  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.   Selling Expenses   Selling expenses include credit card fees, global distribution systems charges, the estimated cost of Mileage Plan travel awards earned through air travel, advertising, promotional costs, commissions, and incentives.  Advertising production costs are expensed the first time the advertising takes place.  Advertising expense was $ 28 million ,  $26 million , and  $24 million  during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.   Derivative Financial Instruments   The Company's operations are significantly impacted by changes in aircraft fuel prices and interest rates.  In an effort to manage our exposure to these risks, the Company periodically enters into fuel and interest rate derivative instruments.  These derivative instruments are recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value is recognized in AOCL or in the consolidated statements of operations, depending on the nature of the instrument. The Company does not hold or issue derivative fuel hedge contracts for trading purposes and does not apply hedge accounting.   For cash flow hedges related to our interest rate swaps, the effective portion of the derivative represents the change in fair value of the hedge that offsets the change in fair value of the hedged item.  To the extent the change in the fair value of the hedge does not perfectly offset the change in the fair value of the hedged item, the ineffective portion of the hedge is immediately recognized in interest expense.   Fair Value Measurements Accounting standards define fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  The standards also establish a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1  - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2  - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3  - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The Company has elected not to use the Fair Value Option for non-financial instruments, and accordingly those assets and liabilities are carried at amortized cost.  For financial instruments, those assets and liabilities are carried at fair value and are determined based on the market approach or income approach depending upon the level of inputs used.  60 Table of Contents Income Taxes   The Company uses the asset and liability approach for accounting and reporting income taxes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date.  A valuation allowance would be established, if necessary, for the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.  The Company accounts for unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with the accounting standards.    Stock-Based Compensation   Accounting standards require companies to recognize as expense the fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees as of the grant date.  These standards apply to all stock awards that the Company grants to employees as well as the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which features a look-back provision and allows employees to purchase stock at a  15%  discount.  All stock-based compensation expense is recorded in wages and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations. Earnings Per Share (EPS) Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing net income by the average common shares outstanding plus additional common shares that would have been outstanding assuming the exercise of in-the-money stock options and restricted stock units, using the treasury-stock method. In  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , antidilutive stock options excluded from the calculation of EPS were not material. NOTE 2. MODIFIED AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements  Alaska operates a frequent flyer program (“Mileage Plan”) that provides travel awards to members based on accumulated mileage.  Members can accumulate miles either by (i) flying on Alaska or on the Company's airline partners, or (ii) earning miles based on the amount spent with the affinity credit cards and the Company's other non-airline partners, such as hotels and car rental agencies.  For miles earned by flying, the estimated cost of providing award travel is recognized as a selling expense and accrued as a liability as miles are earned and accumulated.  For miles earned based on spend, the Company defers a portion of the amount sold to our non-airline partners representing deferred travel, and recognizes revenue for the services provided to the non-airline partners during the period. Historically, the Company deferred the portion of the sales proceeds that represented the estimated selling price of the award transportation by looking to the sales prices of comparable paid travel and recognized that amount as Passenger Revenue when the award transportation was provided by Alaska or as Other - net revenue when the awards were redeemed and flown on other airlines.  The residual portion of the sales proceeds not deferred was recognized as revenue in the period that the miles were sold and included in Other - net  revenue. On July 2, 2013, the Company modified its Affinity Card Agreement (Agreement) with Bank of America Corporation (BAC), through which the Company sells miles and other items to BAC and the Company's loyalty program members accrue frequent flyer miles based on purchases using credit cards issued by BAC. The Agreement materially modifies the previously existing agreement between BAC and Alaska. As a result of the execution of the Agreement, consideration received as part of this agreement is subject to Accounting Standards Update 2009-13, "Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force" (ASU 2009-13). The modified Agreement has the same four deliverables as the previous agreement which are: award transportation; certificates for discounted companion travel; use of the Alaska Airlines brand and access to frequent flyer member lists; and advertising. Under the previous residual method of accounting, sales consideration was allocated to: award transportation and all other deliverables.  Upon the adoption of ASU 2009-13, consideration is being allocated to each of the four deliverables based on the relative selling price of each deliverable.  Significant management judgment was used to estimate the selling price of each of the deliverables. The objective was to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service was sold on a stand-alone basis. We determined   61 our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and the number of miles redeemed. The Company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the Agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple deliverables. The Company records passenger revenue related to air transportation and certificates for discounted companion travel when the transportation is delivered. The other elements are recognized as Other - net revenue when earned. Absent a new or material modification to an existing agreement, other non-airline partners who participate in the loyalty program to which we sell miles remain subject to our historical residual accounting method and are immaterial to the overall program.  Special mileage plan revenue The Company followed the rollforward transition approach of ASU 2009-13, which required that the Company's existing deferred revenue balance be adjusted to reflect the value, on a relative selling price basis, of any undelivered element remaining at the date of contract modification as if the Company had been applying ASU 2009-13 since inception of the Agreement. The relative selling price of the undelivered element (air transportation) is lower than the rate at which it had been deferred under the previous contract and the Company recorded a one-time, non-cash adjustment to decrease frequent flyer deferred revenue and increase Special mileage plan revenue.  The impact on earnings are as follows:    2013 2012 2011 Special mileage plan revenue (in millions) $ 192 $ — $ —         Per basic share $ 1.72 $ — $ — Per diluted share $ 1.70 $ — $ — During the third quarter of 2013, as part of the Company's ongoing evaluation of Mileage Plan program assumptions, the Company performed a statistical analysis of historical data, which refined its estimate of the amount of breakage in the mileage population. This new refinement enables the Company to better identify historical differences between certain of its mileage breakage estimates and the amounts that have actually been experienced.  As a result, the Company increased its estimate of the number of frequent flyer miles expected to expire unused from  12.0%  to  17.4% .  Included in the Special mileage plan revenue item above is  $44 million  of additional revenue related to the effect of the change on the deferred revenue balance as of July 1, 2013.   NOTE 3. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND MARKETABLE SECURITIES Components for cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (in millions): December 31, 2013 Cost Basis   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value Cash $ 9   $ —   $ —   $ 9 Cash equivalents 71   —   —   71 Cash and cash equivalents 80   —   —   80 U.S. government and agency securities 295   1   (2 )   294 Foreign government bonds 11   —   —   11 Asset-back securities 146   —   —   146 Mortgage-back securities 144   1   (2 )   143 Corporate notes and bonds 628   4   (2 )   630 Municipal securities 26   —   —   26 Marketable securities 1,250   6   (6 )   1,250 Total $ 1,330   $ 6   $ (6 )   $ 1,330 Table of Contents December 31, 2012 Cost Basis   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value Cash $ 28   $ —   $ —   $ 28 Cash equivalents 94   —   —   94 Cash and cash equivalents 122   —   —   122 U.S. government and agency securities 271   1   —   272 Foreign government bonds 50   1   —   51 Asset-back securities 61   1   —   62 Mortgage-back securities 137   1   (1 )   137 Corporate notes and bonds 577   8   —   585 Municipal securities 23   —   —   23 Marketable securities 1,119   12   (1 )   1,130 Total $ 1,241   $ 12   $ (1 )   $ 1,252 Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates.  Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence as of  December 31, 2013 . Activity for marketable securities for the years ended December 31 (in millions):     2013   2012   2011 Proceeds from sales and maturities $ 1,089   $ 1,048   $ 956 Gross realized gains 4   9   8 Gross realized losses (2 )   (2 )   (3 ) Other-than-temporary impairments on investments —   —   (2 ) Marketable securities maturities as of  December 31, 2013  (in millions): December 31, 2013 Cost Basis   Fair Value Due in one year or less $ 111   $ 111 Due after one year through five years 1,117   1,118 Due after five years through 10 years 22   21 Total $ 1,250   $ 1,250 NOTE 4. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS Fuel Hedge Contracts  The Company’s operations are inherently dependent upon the price and availability of aircraft fuel.  To manage economic risks associated with fluctuations in aircraft fuel prices, the Company periodically enters into call options for crude oil and swap agreements for jet fuel refining margins. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company had fuel hedge contracts outstanding covering  303 million  gallons of crude oil that will be settled from  January 2014  to  March 2016 .  Refer to the contractual obligations and commitments section of Item 7 for further information. Interest Rate Swap Agreements The Company has interest rate swap agreements with a third party designed to hedge the volatility of the underlying variable interest rate in the Company's aircraft lease agreements for  six  Boeing 737-800 aircraft.  The agreements stipulate that the Company pay a fixed interest rate over the term of the contract and receive a floating interest rate.  All significant terms of the swap agreement match the terms of the lease agreements, including interest-rate index, rate reset dates, termination dates and underlying notional values.  The agreements expire from  February 2020  through  March 2021  to coincide with the lease termination dates.  63 Table of Contents Fair Values of Derivative Instruments  Fair values of derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheet as of  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012 Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedges       Fuel hedge contracts       Fuel hedge contracts, current assets $ 12   $ 26 Fuel hedge contracts, noncurrent assets 4   39 Fuel hedge contracts, current liabilities —   $ (1 )         Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedges       Interest rate swaps       Other accrued liabilities (7 )   (6 ) Other liabilities (10 )   (27 ) Losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) (17 )   (33 ) The net cash received (paid) for new positions and settlements was  $5 million ,  $(19) million , and  $16 million  during  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively. Pretax effect of derivative instruments on earnings (fuel hedges) and AOCL (interest rate swaps) at  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012   2011 Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedges           Fuel hedge contracts           Gains (losses) recognized in aircraft fuel expense $ (44 )   $ (62 )   $ (9 )             Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedges           Interest rate swaps           Gains (losses) recognized in aircraft rent (6 )   (6 )   (6 ) Gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI) 10   (10 )   (26 ) The amounts shown as recognized in aircraft rent for cash flow hedges (interest rate swaps) represent the realized losses transferred out of AOCL to aircraft rent.  The amounts shown as recognized in OCI are prior to the losses recognized in aircraft rent during the period.  The Company expects  $7 million  to be reclassified from OCI to aircraft rent within the next twelve months. Credit Risk and Collateral The Company is exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to these derivative instruments.  To mitigate exposure, the Company periodically reviews the risk of counterparty nonperformance by monitoring the absolute exposure levels and credit ratings.  The Company maintains security agreements with a number of its counterparties which may require the Company to post collateral if the fair value of the selected derivative instruments fall below specified mark-to-market thresholds.  The posted collateral does not offset the fair value of the derivative instruments and is included in "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company posted collateral of  $7 million ,  $15 million  and  $1 million  as of  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively.  The collateral was provided to one counterparty associated with the net liability position of the interest rate swap agreements offset by the net asset position of the fuel hedge contracts under a master netting arrangement.  64 Table of Contents NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Fair Value of Financial Instruments on a Recurring Basis Fair values of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet (in millions):  December 31, 2013 Level 1   Level 2   Total Assets           Marketable securities           U.S. government and agency securities $ 294   $ —   $ 294 Foreign government bonds —   11   11 Asset-back securities —   146   146 Mortgage-back securities —   143   143 Corporate notes and bonds —   630   630 Municipal securities —   26   26 Derivative instruments           Fuel hedge contracts           Call options and swap agreements —   16   16             Liabilities           Derivative instruments           Interest rate swap agreements —   (17 )   (17 ) December 31, 2012 Level 1   Level 2   Total Assets           Marketable securities           U.S. government and agency securities $ 272   $ —   $ 272 Foreign government bonds —   51   51 Asset-back securities —   62   62 Mortgage-back securities —   137   137 Corporate notes and bonds —   585   585 Municipal securities —   23   23 Derivative instruments           Fuel hedge contracts           Call options —   65   65             Liabilities           Derivative instruments           Fuel hedge contracts           Swap agreements —   (1 )   (1 ) Interest rate swap agreements —   (33 )   (33 ) The Company uses the market and income approach to determine the fair value of marketable securities.  U.S. government securities are Level 1 as the fair value is based on quoted prices in active markets.  Foreign government bonds, asset-back securities, mortgage-back securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities are Level 2 as the fair value is based on industry standard valuation models that are calculated based on observable inputs such as quoted interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings of the security and other observable market information.  The Company uses the market approach and the income approach to determine the fair value of derivative instruments.  Fuel hedge contracts that are not traded on a public exchange are Level 2 as the fair value is primarily based on inputs which are readily available in active markets or can be derived from information available in active markets.  The fair value for call   65 Table of Contents options is determined utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are readily available in active markets, or can be derived from information available in active markets.  In addition, the fair value considers the exposure to credit losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties.  The fair value of jet fuel refining margins is determined based on inputs readily available in public markets and provided by brokers who regularly trade these contracts.  Interest rate swap agreements are Level 2 as the fair value of these contracts is determined based on the difference between the fixed interest rate in the agreements and the observable LIBOR-based interest forward rates at period end, multiplied by the total notional value. The Company has no other financial assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at  December 31, 2013 . Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The Company used the following methods and assumptions to determine the fair value of financial instruments that are not recognized at fair value as described below. Cash and Cash Equivalents :  Carried at amortized costs which approximate fair value. Debt :  The carrying amounts of the Company's variable-rate debt approximate fair values.  For fixed-rate debt, the Company uses the income approach to determine the estimated fair value, by discounting cash flows using borrowing rates for comparable debt over the weighted life of the outstanding debt.  The estimated fair value of the fixed-rate debt is Level 3 as certain inputs used are unobservable. Fixed-rate debt that is not carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated fair value of long-term fixed-rate debt as of  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012 Carrying Amount $ 703   $ 844 Fair value 762   915 NOTE 6. LONG-TERM DEBT   Long-term debt obligations were as follows at  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012 Fixed-rate notes payable due through 2024 $ 703   $ 844 Variable-rate notes payable due through 2023 168   188 Long-term debt 871   1,032 Less current portion 117   161   $ 754   $ 871         Weighted-average fixed-interest rate 5.7 %   5.8 % Weighted-average variable-interest rate 1.7 %   2.0 %   All of the Company’s borrowings are secured by aircraft.   During  2013 , the Company made debt payments of  $161 million .  As of  December 31, 2013 , none of the Company's borrowings were restricted by financial covenants.  66 Table of Contents At  December 31, 2013 , long-term debt principal payments for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):   Total 2014 $ 117 2015 113 2016 111 2017 116 2018 147 Thereafter 267 Total principal payments $ 871   Bank Line of Credit   The Company has  two  $100 million credit facilities.  Both facilities have variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus a specified margin.  Borrowings on one of the  $100 million  facilities are secured by aircraft.  Borrowings on the other  $100 million  facility are secured by certain accounts receivable, spare engines, spare parts and ground service equipment.  The Company modified the first facility in  2012  by extending the term from  March 2013  to  August 2015  and the second facility in  2013  by extending the term from  March 2016  to  March 2017 , and reduced the commitment fee for both facilities.  The Company has no immediate plans to borrow using either of these facilities.  These facilities have a requirement to maintain a minimum unrestricted cash and marketable securities balance of  $500 million .  The Company was in compliance with this covenant at  December 31, 2013 . NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts for tax purposes.  Primarily due to differences in depreciation rates for federal income tax purposes and for financial reporting purposes, the Company has generated a net deferred tax liability. Deferred tax (assets) and liabilities comprise the following at  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012 Excess of tax over book depreciation $ 919   $ 842 Other—net 21   19 Gross deferred tax liabilities 940   861         Mileage Plan (185 )   (265 ) AMT and other tax credits —   (1 ) Inventory obsolescence (18 )   (15 ) Deferred gains (12 )   (13 ) Employee benefits (85 )   (230 ) Fuel hedge contracts (14 )   (18 ) Other—net (30 )   (21 ) Gross deferred tax assets (344 )   (563 ) Net deferred tax liabilities 596   298         Current deferred tax asset (113 )   (148 ) Noncurrent deferred tax liability 709   446 Net deferred tax liability $ 596   $ 298  67 Table of Contents The Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realizable and thus no valuation allowance has been recorded as of  December 31, 2013 .  This conclusion is based on the expected future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, anticipated future taxable income, and the potential for future tax planning strategies to generate taxable income, if needed.  The Company will continue to reassess the need for a valuation allowance during each future reporting period. Components of Income Tax Expense The components of income tax expense were as follows (in millions):    2013   2012   2011 Current tax expense (benefit):           Federal $ 145   83   $ — State 17   11   4 Total current 162   94   4             Deferred tax expense:           Federal 131   94   135 State 15   10   10 Total deferred 146   104   145 Total tax expense related to income $ 308   $ 198   $ 149 Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Income tax expense reconciles to the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal rate of  35%  to income before income tax and accounting change as follows (in millions):     2013   2012   2011 Income before income tax $ 816   $ 514   $ 394             Expected tax expense 286   180   138 Nondeductible expenses 4   3   1 State income taxes 21   14   10 Other—net (3 )   1   — Actual tax expense $ 308   $ 198   $ 149             Effective tax rate 37.7 %   38.5 %   37.9 %   Uncertain Tax Positions The Company has identified its federal tax return and its state tax returns in Alaska, Oregon, and California as “major” tax jurisdictions.  A summary of the Company's jurisdictions and the periods that are subject to examination are as follows: Jurisdiction Period Federal 2010 to 2012 Alaska 2010 to 2012 California 2009 to 2012 Oregon 2002 to 2012 The 2002 to 2007 Oregon tax returns are subject to examination only to the extent of net operating loss carryforwards from those years that were utilized in 2010 and later years.   At  December 31, 2013 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits is recorded as a liability, all of which would impact the effective tax rate.  Unrecognized tax benefits on uncertain tax positions were not material as of December 31,  2013 ,  2012  and  2011 .  No interest or penalties related to these tax positions were accrued as of  December 31, 2013 .  68 Table of Contents NOTE 8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   Four  defined-benefit and  five  defined-contribution retirement plans cover various employee groups of Alaska and Horizon.  The defined-benefit plans provide benefits based on an employee’s term of service and average compensation for a specified period of time before retirement.  The qualified defined-benefit pension plans are closed to new entrants.   Accounting standards require recognition of the overfunded or underfunded status of an entity’s defined-benefit pension and other postretirement plan as an asset or liability in the financial statements and requires recognition of the funded status in AOCL.   Qualified Defined-Benefit Pension Plans The Company’s pension plans are funded as required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).  The defined-benefit plan assets consist primarily of marketable equity and fixed-income securities.  The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for these plans. Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31:   Discount rates of  4.85%  and  3.95%  were used as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  For  2013 , the rate of compensation increase used varied from  2.90%  to  3.93% , depending on the related work group.  For  2012 , the rate of compensation increases was  3.05%  to  4.02% .  Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31:   Discount rates of  3.95% ,  4.65% , and  5.55%  were used for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.  Expected return on plan assets used was  7.25% ,  7.25%  and  7.75%  for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.  The rate of compensation increase used varied from  3.05%  to  4.02%  for the year ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2.94%  to  4.17%  for the year ended  December 31, 2012 , and  2.99%  to  4.35%  for the year ended  December 31 ,  2011 , depending on the plan and the related work group. In determining the discount rate used, the Company’s policy is to use the rates at the end of the year on high-quality long-term bonds with maturities that closely match the expected timing of future cash distributions from the plan.  In determining the expected return on plan assets, the Company assesses the current level of expected returns on risk-free investments (primarily government bonds), the historical level of the risk premium associated with the other asset classes in which the portfolio is invested and the expectations for future returns of each asset class.  The expected return for each asset class is then weighted based on the target asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption for the portfolio. Plan assets are invested in common commingled trust funds invested in equity and fixed income securities.  The asset allocation of the funds in the qualified defined-benefit plans, by asset category, is as follows as of  December 31 :    2013   2012 Asset category:       Money market fund 3 %   5 % Domestic equity securities 39 %   43 % Non-U.S. equity securities 17 %   20 % Fixed income securities 41 %   32 % Plan assets 100 %   100 %   The Company’s investment policy focuses on achieving maximum returns at a reasonable risk for pension assets over a full market cycle.  The Company uses a fund manager and invests in various asset classes to diversify risk.  Target allocations for the primary asset classes based on current funded status are approximately:  Domestic equities: 31% - 43% Non-U.S. equities: 12% - 21% Fixed income: 42% - 52%    69 Table of Contents The Company determines the strategic allocation between equity and fixed income based on current funded status and other characteristics of the plan.  As the funded status improves, the Company increases the fixed income allocation of the portfolio, and decreases the equity allocation.  Actual asset allocations are reviewed regularly and periodically rebalanced as appropriate. As of  December 31, 2013 , other than the money market fund, all assets were invested in common commingled trust funds.  The Company uses the net asset values of these funds to determine fair value as allowed using the practical expediency method outlined in the accounting standards.  Plan asset by fund category and fair value hierarchy level as of  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012   Level Fund type:           Money market fund $ 45   $ 75   1 U.S. equity market fund 684   654   2 Non-U.S. equity fund 301   304   2 Credit bond index fund 127   102   2 Government/credit bond index fund 612   403   2 Plan assets $ 1,769   $ 1,538       Nonqualified Defined-Benefit Pension Plan   Alaska also maintains an unfunded, noncontributory defined-benefit plan for certain elected officers.  This plan uses a December 31 measurement date.   Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31:   Discount rates of  4.85%  and  3.95%  were used as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  The rate of compensation increase used was  5.00%  as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 .   Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31:   Discount rates of  3.95% ,  4.65% , and  5.55%  were used for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.  The rate of compensation increase used was 7.00% per year during the first four years of employment and 5.00% thereafter for the years ended  December 31, 2013 , and  2012 , and 5.00% per year for the year ended December 31,  2011 .    70 Table of Contents Combined Disclosures for Defined-Benefit Pension Plans   The following table sets forth the status of the plans as of  December 31  (in millions):   Qualified   Nonqualified   2013   2012   2013   2012 Projected benefit obligation (PBO)               Beginning of year $ 1,873   $ 1,594   $ 42   $ 43 Service cost 46   38   1   1 Interest cost 73   73   1   2 Actuarial (gain) loss (226 )   214   (4 )   (2 ) Benefits paid (57 )   (46 )   (2 )   (2 ) End of year $ 1,709   $ 1,873   $ 38   $ 42                 Plan assets at fair value               Beginning of year $ 1,538   $ 1,288   $ —   $ — Actual return on plan assets 205   186   —   — Employer contributions 83   110   2   2 Benefits paid (57 )   (46 )   (2 )   (2 ) End of year $ 1,769   $ 1,538   $ —   $ — Funded status (unfunded) $ 60   $ (335 )   $ (38 )   $ (42 )                 Percent funded 104 %   82 %   —   —   The accumulated benefit obligation for the combined qualified defined-benefit pension was  $1,603 million  and   $1,733 million  at  December 31, 2013 , and  2012 , respectively.  The accumulated benefit obligation for the nonqualified defined-benefit plan was  $38 million  and  $41 million  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively. As of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets were as follows (in millions):    2013   2012   Qualified   Nonqualified   Qualified   Nonqualified Plan assets-long term (within long term Other Assets) 60   —   —   — Accrued benefit liability-current —   2   —   2 Accrued benefit liability-long term —   36   335   40 Total liability recognized —   38   335   42   AMOUNTS NOT YET REFLECTED IN NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST AND INCLUDED IN AOCL:     2013   2012   Qualified   Nonqualified   Qualified   Nonqualified Prior service credit $ (14 )   $ —   $ (15 )   $ — Net loss 331   5   695   9 Amount recognized in AOCL (pretax) $ 317   $ 5   $ 680   $ 9 The expected amortization of prior service credit and net loss from AOCL in  2014  is  $1 million  and  $13 million , respectively, for the qualified defined-benefit pension plans.  For the nonqualified defined-benefit pension plans, the expected combined amortization of prior service cost and net loss from AOCL in  2014  is immaterial.    71 Table of Contents Net pension expense for the defined-benefit plans included the following components for the years ended  December 31  (in millions):    Qualified   Nonqualified   2013   2012   2011   2013   2012   2011 Service cost $ 46   $ 38   $ 35   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1 Interest cost 73   73   73   1   2   2 Expected return on assets (111 )   (93 )   (88 )   —   —   — Amortization of prior service cost (1 )   (1 )   (1 )   —   —   — Recognized actuarial loss 43   40   23   1   1   1 Net pension expense $ 50   $ 57   $ 42   $ 3   $ 4   $ 4   Historically, the Company’s practice has been to contribute to the qualified defined-benefit pension plans an amount equal to the greater of 1) the minimum required by law, 2) the Pension Protection Act (PPA) target liability, or 3) the service cost as actuarially calculated.  There are no current funding requirements for the Company’s plans in  2014 .  The Company expects to contribute approximately  $2 million  to the nonqualified defined-benefit pension plans during  2014 .   Future benefits expected to be paid over the next ten years under the defined-benefit pension plans from the assets of those plans as of  December 31, 2013  (in millions):    Qualified   Nonqualified 2014 $ 72   $ 2 2015 84   2 2016 76   4 2017 93   2 2018 92   2 2019 - 2023 548   18   Postretirement Medical Benefits   The Company allows retirees to continue their medical, dental, and vision benefits by paying all or a portion of the active employee plan premium until eligible for Medicare, currently age 65.  This results in a subsidy to retirees, because the premiums received by the Company are less than the actual cost of the retirees’ claims.  The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) for this subsidy is unfunded.  This liability was determined using an assumed discount rate of  4.85%  and  3.95%  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  The Company does not believe the U.S. Health Care Reform: The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act will have a significant impact on the Company's cost for postretirement medical benefits.    (in millions) 2013   2012 Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation       Beginning of year $ 117   $ 120 Service cost 5   5 Interest cost 4   5 Actuarial gain (35 )   (11 ) Benefits paid (2 )   (2 ) End of year $ 89   $ 117         Plan assets at fair value       Beginning of year $ —   $ — Employer contributions 2   2 Benefits paid (2 )   (2 ) End of year $ —   $ — Funded status (unfunded)  $ (89 )   $ (117 )  72 Table of Contents As of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets (in millions):   2013   2012 Accrued benefit liability-current $ 3   $ 4 Accrued benefit liability-long term 86   113 Total liability recognized $ 89   $ 117 AMOUNTS NOT YET REFLECTED IN NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST AND INCLUDED IN AOCL: (in millions) 2013   2012 Prior service cost $ 1   $ 2 Net gain (48 )   (15 ) Amount recognized in AOCL (pretax) $ (47 )   $ (13 )   The Company uses a December 31 measurement date to assess obligations associated with the subsidy of retiree medical costs.  Net periodic benefit cost for the postretirement medical plans included the following components for the years ended  December 31  (in millions):    2013   2012   2011 Service cost $ 5   $ 5   $ 6 Interest cost 4   5   7 Amortization of prior service cost 1   1   1 Recognized actuarial (gain) loss (2 )   (1 )   1 Net periodic benefit cost $ 8   $ 10   $ 15   This is an unfunded plan.  The Company expects to contribute approximately  $3 million  to the postretirement medical benefits plan in  2014 , which is equal to the expected benefit payments.   Future benefits expected to be paid over the next ten years under the postretirement medical benefits plan as of  December 31, 2013  (in millions): 2014 $ 3 2015 4 2016 4 2017 5 2018 6 2019– 2023 36 The assumed health care cost trend rates to determine the expected  2014  benefits cost are  8.0% ,  8.0% ,  5.0%  and  4.0%  for medical, prescription drugs, dental and vision costs, respectively.  The assumed trend rate declines steadily through  2028  where the ultimate assumed trend rates are  4.7%  for medical, prescription drugs and dental, and  4.0%  for vision. A 1% higher or lower trend rate in health care costs has the following effect on the Company’s postretirement medical plans for the years ended  December 31  (in millions):      2013   2012   2011 Change in service and interest cost           1% higher trend rate $ 1   $ 2   $ 2 1% lower trend rate (1 )   (1 )   (2 ) Change in year-end postretirement benefit obligation           1% higher trend rate $ 10   $ 14   $ 14 1% lower trend rate (9 )   (12 )   (13 )  73 Table of Contents   Defined-Contribution Plans   The defined-contribution plans are deferred compensation plans under section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.  All of these plans require Company contributions.  Total expense for the defined-contribution plans was  $44 million ,  $43 million , and  $42 million  in  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively.     The Company also has a noncontributory, unfunded defined-contribution plan for certain elected officers of the Company who are ineligible for the nonqualified defined-benefit pension plan.  Amounts recorded as liabilities under the plan are not material to the consolidated balance sheet at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 . Pilot Long-term Disability Benefits Alaska maintains a long-term disability plan for its pilots.  The long-term disability plan does not have a service requirement.  Therefore, the liability is calculated based on estimated future benefit payments associated with pilots that were assumed to be disabled on a long-term basis as of  December 31, 2013  and does not include any assumptions for future disability.  The liability includes the discounted expected future benefit payments and medical costs.  The total liability was  $12 million  and  $11 million , which was recorded net of a prefunded trust account of  $1 million  and  $1 million , and included in long-term other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31, 2013  and  December 31, 2012 , respectively. Employee Incentive-Pay Plans   Alaska and Horizon have employee incentive plans that pay employees based on certain financial and operational metrics.  The aggregate expense under these plans in  2013 ,  2012  and  2011  was  $105 million ,  $88 million , and  $72 million , respectively.  The plans are summarized below:   • Performance-Based Pay  (PBP) is a program that rewards all employees.  The program is based on four separate metrics related to Air Group profitability, safety, achievement of unit-cost goals, and employee engagement as measured by customer satisfaction. • The  Operational Performance Rewards Program  entitles all Air Group employees to quarterly payouts of up to  $300  per person if certain operational and customer service objectives are met.  NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Future minimum fixed payments for commitments as of  December 31, 2013  (in millions):   Aircraft Leases   Facility Leases   Aircraft Commitments   Capacity Purchase Agreements   Engine Maintenance 2014 $ 128   $ 93   $ 407   $ 50   $ 11 2015 105   81   338   44   10 2016 82   72   289   32   — 2017 51   68   341   32   — 2018 36   19   429   14   — Thereafter 43   117   1,034   —   — Total $ 445   $ 450   $ 2,838   $ 172   $ 21 Lease Commitments At  December 31, 2013 , the Company had lease contracts for  62  aircraft, which have remaining noncancelable lease terms ranging from  2014  to  2021 .  Of these aircraft,  15  are non-operating (i.e. not in the Company's fleet) and  13  are subleased to third-party carriers.  The majority of airport and terminal facilities are also leased.  Rent expense was  $290 million ,  $275 million , and  $275 million , in  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011 , respectively. During the third quarter, the Company had three subleased Bombardier CRJ-700 aircraft returned. In connection with these aircraft the Company incurred costs to deliver the aircraft to SkyWest Airlines, which will sublease and operate the aircraft under a Capacity Purchase Agreement (CPA).  74 Table of Contents Aircraft Commitments   As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company is committed to purchasing  67  B737 aircraft, including  30  B737-900ER aircraft and  37  B737 MAX aircraft, with deliveries in  2014  through  2022 .  In addition, the Company has options to purchase an additional  64  B737 aircraft and  seven  Q400 aircraft. Capacity Purchase Agreements (CPAs)   At  December 31, 2013 , Alaska had CPAs with  three  carriers, including the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Horizon.  Horizon sells  100%  of its capacity under a CPA with Alaska.  On May 14, 2011, SkyWest Airlines, Inc. began flying certain routes under a CPA with Alaska.  In addition, Alaska has a CPA with PenAir to fly certain routes in the state of Alaska.  Under these agreements, Alaska pays the carriers an amount which is based on a determination of their cost of operating those flights and other factors intended to approximate market rates for those services.  Future payments (excluding Horizon) are based on minimum levels of flying by the third-party carriers, which could differ materially due to variable payments based on actual levels of flying and certain costs associated with operating flights such as fuel. Engine Maintenance   The Company has a power-by-the-hour (PBH) maintenance agreement for some of the B737-700 and B737-900 engines. This agreement transfers risk to third-party service provider and fixes the amount the Company pays per flight hour in exchange for maintenance and repairs under a predefined maintenance program. Future payments are based on minimum flight hours. Contingencies   The Company is a party to routine litigation matters incidental to its business and with respect to which no material liability is expected.  Management believes the ultimate disposition of these matters is not likely to materially affect the Company's financial position or results of operations.  This forward-looking statement is based on management's current understanding of the relevant law and facts, and it is subject to various contingencies, including the potential costs and risks associated with litigation and the actions of arbitrators, judges and juries.  NOTE 10. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Dividends During  2013 , the Board of Directors declared dividends of  $0.40   per share.  The Company paid dividends of  $28 million  to shareholders of record during 2013. Subsequent to year-end, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of  $0.25  per share to be paid on March 11, 2014 to shareholders of record as of February 25, 2014.  This is a  25%  increase from the most recent quarterly dividends of  $0.20  per share.   Common Stock Repurchase In  September 2012 , the Board of Directors authorized a  $250 million  share repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date, but is expected to be completed by  December 2014 .  In  February 2012 , the Board of Directors authorized a  $50 million  share repurchase program, which was completed in  September 2012 .  In  June 2011 , the Board of Directors authorized a  $50 million  share repurchase program, which was completed in  January 2012 .  In  June 2010 , the Board of Directors authorized a  $50 million  share repurchase program, which was completed in  April 2011 .    75 Table of Contents Share repurchase activity for the three years ending December 31 (in millions, except shares):   2013   2012   2011   Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount $250 million Repurchase Program 2,492,093   $ 159   202,510   $ 8   —   $ — 2012 Repurchase Program —   —   1,437,101   50   —   — 2011 Repurchase Program —   —   46,340   2   1,595,000   48 2010 Repurchase Program —   —   —   —   1,023,600   31 Total 2,492,093   $ 159   1,685,951   $ 60   2,618,600   $ 79 Retirement of Treasury Shares In  2013 , the Company retired  2,471,355  common shares that had been held in treasury. At  December 31, 2013 , the Company held  20,738  shares in treasury. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (AOCL)   AOCL consisted of the following at  December 31, 2013  (in millions, net of tax):     2013   2012 Unrealized gain on marketable securities considered available-for-sale $ —   $ 7 Related to employee benefit plans (173 )   (423 ) Related to interest rate derivatives (10 )   (20 )   $ (183 )   $ (436 )   NOTE 11. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS The table below summarizes the components of total stock-based compensation for the years ended  December 31  (in millions):   2013   2012   2011 Stock options $ 3   $ 2   $ 3 Stock awards 10   11   8 Deferred stock awards 1   1   — Employee stock purchase plan 2   1   1 Stock-based compensation $ 16   $ 15   $ 12             Tax benefit related to stock-based compensation $ 6   $ 5   $ 4 Unrecognized stock-based compensation for non-vested options and awards and the weighted-average period the expense will be recognized for the year ended  December 31, 2013  (in millions):   Amount   Weighted- Average Period Stock options $ 2   0.6 Stock awards 7   0.7 Unrecognized stock-based compensation $ 9   0.7 The Company has various equity incentive plans under which it may grant stock awards to directors, officers and employees.  The Company also has an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). The Company is authorized to issue  18 million  shares of common stock under these plans and as of  December 31, 2013 , of which  8,939,315  shares remain available for future grants of either options or stock awards.  76 Table of Contents Stock Options   Stock options to purchase common stock are granted at the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant.  The stock options granted have terms of up to ten years.   The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants in the years ended  December 31 :    2013   2012   2011 Expected volatility 67 %   55 %   56 % Expected term 6 years   6 years   6 years Risk-free interest rate 1.10 %   1.08 %   2.26 % Expected dividend yield —   —   — Weighted-average grant date fair value per share $ 29.47   $ 17.23   $ 16.40 Estimated fair value of options granted (millions) $ 3   $ 2   $ 2   The expected market price volatility is based on the historical volatility.  The expected term is based on the estimated period of time until exercise based on historical experience.  The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.  The expected dividend yield is based on the estimated weighted average dividend yield over the expected term.  The expected forfeiture rates are based on historical experience. The tables below summarize stock option activity for the year ended  December 31, 2013 :   Shares   Weighted- Average Exercise Price Per Share   Weighted- Average Contractual Life (Years)   Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions) Outstanding, December 31, 2012 941,724   $ 20.99   6.2   $ 21 Granted 96,590   48.96         Exercised (462,976 )   17.43         Forfeited or expired (3,496 )   32.64         Outstanding, December 31, 2013 571,842   $ 28.51   6.6   $ 26                 Exercisable, December 31, 2013 264,823   $ 19.82   5.4   $ 14 Vested or expected to vest, December 31, 2013 571,473   $ 28.51   6.6   $ 26  (in millions) 2013   2012   2011 Intrinsic value of option exercises $ 19   $ 11   $ 20 Cash received from stock option exercises 8   7   17 Tax benefit related to stock option exercises 7   4   8 Fair value of options vested 3   4   3   Stock Awards   Restricted stock units (RSUs) are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock at the end of the vest period.  The fair value of the RSUs is based on the stock price on the date of grant.  The RSUs “cliff vest” after three years, or the period from the date of grant to the employee’s retirement eligibility, and expense is recognized accordingly.   Performance Share Unit (PSUs) are awarded to certain executives to receive shares of common stock if specific performance goals and market conditions are achieved.  There are several tranches of PSUs which vest when performance goals and market conditions are met.    77 Table of Contents The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock awards:   Number of Units   Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value   Weighted- Average Contractual Life (Years)   Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions) Non-vested, December 31, 2012 754,293   $ 28.06   0.6   $ 33 Granted 208,110   49.10         Vested (314,828 )   19.29         Forfeited (8,360 )   33.66         Non-vested, December 31, 2013 639,215   $ 39.15   0.6   $ 47 Deferred Stock Awards   Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) are awarded  to members of its Board of Directors as part of their retainers.  The underlying common shares are issued upon retirement from the Board, but require no future service period.  As a result, the entire intrinsic value of the awards is expensed on the date of grant.   Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)   The ESPP allows employees to purchase common stock at  85%  of the stock price on the first day of the offering period or the specified purchase date, whichever is lower.  Employees may contribute up to  10%  of their base earnings during the offering period to purchase stock.  Employees purchased  171,227 ,  157,373 , and  125,564  shares in  2013 ,  2012 , and  2011  under the ESPP.  78 Table of Contents NOTE 12. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION   Air Group has two operating airlines - Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air.  Each is a regulated airline with separate management teams.  To manage the two operating airlines and the revenues and expenses associated with the CPAs, management views the business in three operating segments. Alaska Mainline  - The Boeing 737 part of Alaska's business. Alaska Regional  - Alaska's shorter distance network.  In this segment, Alaska Regional records actual on board passenger revenue, less costs such as fuel, distribution costs, and payments made to Horizon, SkyWest and PenAir under CPAs.  Additionally, Alaska Regional includes a small allocation of corporate overhead such as IT, finance and other administrative costs incurred by Alaska and on behalf of Horizon. Horizon  - Horizon operates regional aircraft. All of Horizon's capacity is sold to Alaska under a CPA.   Expenses included those typically borne by regional airlines such as crew costs, ownership costs, and maintenance costs. Additionally, the following table reports “Air Group adjusted”, which is not a measure determined in accordance with GAAP.  The Company's chief operating decision-makers and others in management use this measure to evaluate operational performance and determine resources allocations.  Adjustments are further explained below in reconciling to consolidated GAAP results. Operating segment information is as follows (in millions):   Alaska                     Year Ended December 31, 2013 Mainline   Regional   Horizon   Consolidating   Air Group Adjusted (a)   Special Items (b)   Consolidated Operating revenues                           Passenger                           Mainline $ 3,490   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 3,490   $ —   $ 3,490 Regional —   777   —   —   777   —   777 Total passenger revenues 3,490   777   —   —   4,267   —   4,267 CPA revenues —   —   368   (368 )   —   —   — Freight and mail 109   4   —     113   —   113 Other-net 513   66   5     584   192   776 Total operating revenues 4,112   847   373   (368 )   4,964   192   5,156                             Operating expenses                           Operating expenses, excluding fuel 2,293   585   341   (368 )   2,851   —   2,851 Economic fuel 1,294   181   —   —   1,475   (8 )   1,467 Total operating expenses 3,587   766   341   (368 )   4,326   (8 )   4,318                             Nonoperating income (expense)                           Interest income 18   —   —   —   18   —   18 Interest expense (38 )   —   (14 )   (4 )   (56 )   —   (56 ) Other 25   (12 )   2   1   16   —   16   5   (12 )   (12 )   (3 )   (22 )   —   (22 ) Income (loss) before income tax $ 530   $ 69   $ 20   $ (3 )   $ 616   $ 200   $ 816  79 Table of Contents   Alaska                     Year Ended December 31, 2012 Mainline   Regional   Horizon   Consolidating   Air Group Adjusted (a)   Special Items (b)   Consolidated Operating revenues                           Passenger                           Mainline $ 3,284   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 3,284   $ —   $ 3,284 Regional —   746   —   —   746   —   746 Total passenger revenues 3,284   746   —   —   4,030   —   4,030 CPA revenues —   —   369   (369 )   —   —   — Freight and mail 107   4   —   —   111   —   111 Other-net 448   61   7   —   516   —   516 Total operating revenues 3,839   811   376   (369 )   4,657   —   4,657                             Operating expenses                           Operating expenses, excluding fuel 2,131   566   338   (369 )   2,666   —   2,666 Economic fuel 1,238   183   —   —   1,421   38   1,459 Total operating expenses 3,369   749   338   (369 )   4,087   38   4,125                             Nonoperating income (expense)                           Interest income 19   —   —   —   19   —   19 Interest expense (47 )   —   (16 )   (1 )   (64 )   —   (64 ) Other 24   —   2   1   27   —   27   (4 )   —   (14 )   —   (18 )   —   (18 ) Income (loss) before income tax $ 466   $ 62   $ 24   $ —   $ 552   $ (38 )   $ 514   Alaska                     Year Ended December 31, 2011 Mainline   Regional   Horizon   Consolidating   Air Group Adjusted (a)   Special Items (b)   Consolidated Operating revenues                           Passenger                           Mainline $ 2,995   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 2,995   $ —   $ 2,995 Regional —   713   —   —   713   —   713 Total passenger revenues 2,995   713   —   —   3,708   —   3,708 CPA revenues —   —   369   (369 )   —   —   — Freight and mail 105   4   —   —   109   —   109 Other-net 431   62   8   —   501   —   501 Total operating revenues 3,531   779   377   (369 )   4,318   —   4,318                             Operating expenses                           Operating expenses, excluding fuel 2,015   544   340   (367 )   2,532   39   2,571 Economic fuel 1,101   167   —   —   1,268   30   1,298 Total operating expenses 3,116   711   340   (367 )   3,800   69   3,869                             Nonoperating income (expense)                           Interest income 24   —   —   (2 )   22   —   22 Interest expense (72 )   —   (17 )   2   (87 )   —   (87 ) Other 8   —   2     10   —   10   (40 )   —   (15 )   —   (55 )   —   (55 ) Income (loss) before income tax $ 375   $ 68   $ 22   $ (2 )   $ 463   $ (69 )   $ 394 (a)   The adjusted column represents the financial information that is reviewed by management to assess performance of operations and determine capital allocations and does not include certain income and charges. (b)   Includes accounting adjustments related to Special mileage plan revenue, mark-to-market fuel-hedge accounting charges, and fleet transition and restructuring expenses.   80 Table of Contents   2013   2012   2011 Depreciation:           Alaska (a) $ 223   217   $ 203 Horizon 47   47   43 Parent company —   —   1 Consolidated $ 270   $ 264   $ 247             Capital expenditures:           Alaska (a) $ 494   $ 477   $ 250 Horizon 72   41   137 Consolidated $ 566   $ 518   $ 387             Total assets at end of period:           Alaska (a) $ 5,832   $ 5,177     Horizon 840   823     Parent company 2,762   1,832     Elimination of inter-company accounts (3,596 )   (2,327 )     Consolidated $ 5,838   $ 5,505     (a)   There  are no depreciation expenses, capital expenditures or assets associated with purchased capacity flying at Alaska Regional.  81 Table of Contents ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   None   ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   The Company’s management, with the participation of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.   CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING   There have been no changes in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of  2013  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.   MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING   Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 1992 framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2013 .   We intend to regularly review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and to improve these controls and procedures over time and to correct any deficiencies that we may discover in the future. While we believe the present design of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are effective, future events affecting our business may cause us to modify our controls and procedures.   The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report regarding its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 .  82 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders Alaska Air Group, Inc.: We have audited Alaska Air Group, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Alaska Air Group, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (included in Item 9A). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Alaska Air Group, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Alaska Air Group, Inc.  and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, and our report dated February 13, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. /s/ KPMG LLP Seattle, Washington February 13, 2014  83 Table of Contents ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION   None. PART III   ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   See “Executive Officers of the Registrant” under Item 1, “Our Business,” in Part I of this Form 10-K for information on the executive officers of Air Group and its subsidiaries.  Except as provided herein, the remainder of the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for Air Group's  2014  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2013  (hereinafter referred to as our “ 2014  Proxy Statement”).   ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our  2014  Proxy Statement. ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan category (a)   (b)   (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,292,725 (1)   $28.51 (2)      8,939,315 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders —   Not applicable   — Total 1,292,725   $28.51   8,939,315 (1)   Of these shares, 494,836 subject to options then outstanding under the 2008 Plan, and 720,883 were subject to outstanding restricted, performance and deferred stock unit awards granted under the 2008 Plan. In addition, 77,006 were subject to options then outstanding under the 2004 Plan. Outstanding performance awards are reflected in the table assuming that the target level of performance will be achieved. No new award of grants may be made under the 2004 Plan.  (2)   This number does not reflect the 720,883 shares that were subject to outstanding stock unit awards granted under the 2008 Plan.  (3)   Of the aggregate number of shares that remained available for future issuance, 5,392,537 shares were available under the 2008 Plan and 3,546,778 shares were available under the ESPP. Subject to certain express limits of the 2008 Plan, shares available for award purposes under the 2008 Plan generally may be used for any type of award authorized under that plan including options, stock appreciation rights, and other forms of awards granted or denominated in shares of our common stock including, without limitation, stock bonuses, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance shares. Full-value shares issued under the 2008 Plan are counted against the share limit as 1.7 shares for every one share issued. This table does not give effect to that rule.  Other information required by this item is set forth under the heading “Beneficial Ownership of Securities” in our 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference.  84 Table of Contents ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our  2014  Proxy Statement.   ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our  2014  Proxy Statement.   PART IV   ITEM 15.   EXHIBITS   The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Exhibits:  See Exhibit Index.  85 Table of Contents SIGNATURES   Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.             ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.                 By: /s/    BRADLEY D. TILDEN   Date: February 13, 2014   Bradley D. Tilden         President and Chief Executive Officer         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on  February 13, 2014  on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.     86 Table of Contents /s/    BRADLEY D. TILDEN   Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer) Bradley D. Tilden         /s/    BRANDON S. PEDERSEN   Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Brandon S. Pedersen         /s/    PATRICIA M. BEDIENT   Director Patricia M. Bedient           /s/    MARION C. BLAKEY   Director Marion C. Blakey           /s/    PHYLLIS J. CAMPBELL   Director Phyllis J. Campbell           /s/    JESSIE J. KNIGHT, JR.   Director Jessie J. Knight, Jr.           /s/    R. MARC LANGLAND   Director R. Marc Langland           /s/    DENNIS F. MADSEN   Director Dennis F. Madsen           /s/    BYRON I. MALLOT   Director Byron I. Mallott           /s/    HELVI SANDVIK   Director Helvi Sandvik           /s/    J. KENNETH THOMPSON   Director J. Kenneth Thompson           /s/    ERIC K. YEAMAN   Director Eric K. Yeaman      87 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX   Certain of the following exhibits have heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference from the documents below.  Certain others are filed herewith.  The exhibits are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Date of First Filing Exhibit Number File Number 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant 10-Q August 8, 2006 3(i)   3.2 Bylaws of Registrant, as amended April 30, 2010 8-K May 3, 2010     10.2# Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2010, among Alaska Airlines, Inc., as borrower, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC as agent, U.S. Bank National Association as documentation agent, and other lenders 10-Q August 11, 2010 10.1   10.3# Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2010, among Alaska Airlines, Inc., as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and other lenders 10-Q May 5, 2010 10.2   10.4# Aircraft General Terms Agreement, dated June 15, 2005, between the Boeing Company and Alaska Airlines, Inc. 10-Q August 5, 2005 10.1   10.5# Purchase Agreement No. 2497, dated June 15, 2005, between the Boeing Company and Alaska Airlines, Inc. 10-Q August 5, 2005 10.2   10.6# Supplemental Agreement No. 23 to Purchase Agreement No. 2497 between The Boeing Company and Alaska Airlines, Inc. 10-Q/A August 2, 2011 10.1   10.7# Supplemental Agreement No. 29 to Purchase Agreement No. 2497 between The Boeing Company and Alaska Airlines, Inc. 10-K February 14, 2013 10.1   10.8# Purchase Agreement No. 3866 between The Boeing Company and Alaska Airlines, Inc. 10-K February 14, 2013 10.2   10.10* Alaska Air Group Performance Based Pay Plan (formerly “Management Incentive Plan”), as amended and restated December 2, 2009 8-K February 1, 2010 10.1   10.11* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan 8-K May 22, 2008 10.1   10.12* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 8-K May 22, 2008 10.2   10.13* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement 8-K May 22, 2008 10.3   10.14* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Form of Director Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement 8-K May 22, 2008 10.4   10.15* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement—Incentive Award 8-K February 2, 2009 10.1   10.16* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Stock Unit Award Agreement—Incentive Award 8-K February 2, 2009 10.2   10.17* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Stock Unit Award Agreement 8-K February 5, 2010 10.1   10.18* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2008 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 8-K February 5, 2010 10.2   10.19* Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.1   10.20* 2008 Performance Incentive Plan, Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.3   10.21* 2008 Performance Incentive Plan, Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.4   10.22* 2008 Performance Incentive Plan, Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.5   10.23* 2008 Performance Incentive Plan, Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement Incentive Award, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.6   10.24* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan and original form of stock option and restricted stock unit agreements 10-K February 25, 2005 10.2   10.25* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 10-K February 20, 2008 10.8.1   10.26* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Unit Award Agreement 10-K February 20, 2008 10.8.2   10.27* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement 8-K February 14, 2008 10.3   10.28* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1999 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan S-8 September 22, 1999 99.1 333-87563  88 Table of Contents 10.29* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1997 Non Officer Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan S-8 November 10, 1997 99.2 333-39889 10.30* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1996 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan S-8 August 5, 1996 99.1 333-09547 10.31* Alaska Air Group, Inc. Non Employee Director Stock Plan S-8 August 15, 1997 99.1 333-33727 10.32* Alaska Airlines, Inc. and Alaska Air Group, Inc. Supplementary Retirement Plan for Elected Officers, as amended November 7, 1994 10-K February 10, 1998 10.2   10.33* Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1995 Elected Officers Supplementary Retirement Plan, as amended by First Amendment to the Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1995 Elected Officers Supplementary Retirement Plan and Second Amendment to the Alaska Air Group, Inc. 1995 Elected Officers Supplementary Retirement Plan S-1 September 23, 2003 10.1 333-107177 10.34* 1995 Elected Officers Supplementary Retirement Plan, as amended 10-Q August 4, 2011 10.2   10.35* Form of Alaska Air Group, Inc. Change of Control Agreement for named executive officers, as amended and restated November 28, 2007 10-K February 20, 2008 10.2   10.36* Alaska Air Group, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated on December 1, 2005 10-K February 20, 2008 10.2   21† Subsidiaries of Registrant         23.1† Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP)         31.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002         31.2† Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002         32.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002         32.2† Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002         101.INS† XBRL Instance Document         101.SCH† XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document         101.CAL† XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document         101.DEF† XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document         101.LAB† XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document         101.PRE† XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document                     † Filed herewith         * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.         # Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.          89 	 
 
 
 
