
 10-K
 1
 xom10k2018.htm
 FORM 10-K
 

 

 
 





  

 

 


   


 
   

 2018    

 

 
  
   
      
   
  
 


 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 FORM  10-K   

  ☑      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For
the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2018   

 or  

  ☐      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period
from
              
to
              
 

 Commission File Number 1-2256  

 EXXON MOBIL CORP ORATION  

 (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NEW JERSEY 
   
  
   13-5409005 
   
  
 
   
   (State or other
  jurisdiction of 
   incorporation or
  organization) 
   
  
   (I.R.S. Employer 
   Identification Number) 
   
  
 


 


 5959 LAS COLINAS
BOULEVARD, IRVING, TEXAS 75039-2298  

 (Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code)  

 (972) 940-6000  

 (Registrant’s telephone
number, including area code)  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
    Title of Each
   Class 
    
  
    Name of Each Exchange 
    on Which Registered 
    
  
 
   
   Common Stock, without par value
  (4,234,802,431 shares outstanding at January 31, 2019) 
   
  
   New York Stock Exchange 
   
  
 


 


 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes    ☐     No    ☑     

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes     ☑      No    ☐     

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.    ☑     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
"large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller
reporting company," and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

   

 

 
  
   
   Large
  accelerated filer 
   
  
   ☑ 
   
  
   Accelerated
  filer 
   
  
   ☐    
   
  
 
   
   Non-accelerated
  filer 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
   Smaller
  reporting company 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Emerging
  growth company 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
 


 


 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes    ☐      No    ☑     

 The aggregate market value of the voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 29, 2018, the last
business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
based on the closing price on that date of $82.73 on the New York Stock
Exchange composite tape, was in excess of $350 billion.  

 Documents
Incorporated by Reference:  Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders (Part III)  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 










 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION  

 FORM 10-K  

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
   PART I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1. 
   
  
   Business 
   
  
              1    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
              2    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
              5    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
              6    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
            27    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
            27    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Executive Officers of the Registrant
  [pursuant to Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)] 
   
  
            28    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity,
  Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
  
            31    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
            31    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
            31    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
  About Market Risk 
   
  
            31    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary
  Data 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and Disagreements With
  Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9B. 
   
  
   Other Information 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and
  Corporate Governance 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
  Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related
  Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   PART IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 16. 
   
  
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial Section 
   
  
            35    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index to Exhibits 
   
  
          123    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
          124    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibits 31 and 32 — Certifications 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 










 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART I 

 ITEM 1.        BUSINESS  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of
New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or
market products in the United States and most other countries of the world.
Their principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil
and natural gas and manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil,
natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and a wide variety of specialty
products. Affiliates of ExxonMobil conduct extensive research programs in
support of these businesses.  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation has several divisions and hundreds
of affiliates, many with names that include  ExxonMobil ,  Exxon ,  Esso,
Mobil  or  XTO . For convenience and simplicity, in this report the
terms  ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil  and  XTO , as well as terms
like  Corporation ,  Company ,  our ,  we   and  its ,
are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups
of affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.  

 The energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. There is competition within the industries and also with other
industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of both industrial
and individual consumers. The Corporation competes with other firms in the sale
or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international
markets and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate
for such purposes.  

 Operating data and industry segment information for the
Corporation are contained in the Financial Section of this report under the
following: “Quarterly Information”, “Note 18: Disclosures about Segments
and Related Information” and “Operating Information”. Information on oil and
gas reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the
“Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities”
portion of the Financial Section of this report. 

 ExxonMobil has a long‑standing commitment to the
development of proprietary technology. We have a wide array of research
programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our business segments.
ExxonMobil held nearly 13 thousand active patents worldwide at the end of
2018. For technology licensed to third parties, revenues totaled approximately $119 million
in 2018. Although technology is an important contributor to the overall
operations and results of our Company, the profitability of each business
segment is not dependent on any individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license,
franchise or concession. 

 The number of regular employees was 71.0 thousand,
69.6 thousand, and 71.1 thousand at years ended 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. Regular employees are defined as active executive, management,
professional, technical and wage employees who work full time or part time for
the Corporation and are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and
programs. 

 Throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing
measures are taken to prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on
air, water and ground. These include a significant investment in refining
infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels, as well
as projects to monitor and reduce nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and
greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for asset retirement obligations.
Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum
Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2018 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such
preventative and remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of equity
company expenditures, were $4.9 billion, of which $3.6 billion were
included in expenses with the remainder in capital expenditures. The total cost
for such activities is expected to increase to approximately $5.7 billion
in 2019 and 2020. Capital expenditures are expected to account for
approximately 30 percent of the total.  

 Information concerning the source and availability of raw
materials used in the Corporation’s business, the extent of seasonality in the
business, the possibility of renegotiation of profits or termination of
contracts at the election of governments and risks attendant to foreign operations
may be found in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 2. Properties” in this
report.  

 ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made
available through our website as soon as reasonably practical after we
electronically file or furnish the reports to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Also available on the Corporation’s website are the Company’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as
well as the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating committees of
the Board of Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into
this report. 

 The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 


 


 1   


 
 

 


   


 
 ITEM 1A.        RISK
FACTORS 

 ExxonMobil’s financial and operating
results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and
petrochemical businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within the
Company’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial and
operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors include:  

   

 Supply and
Demand  

 The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are
fundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations and
earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and petrochemical
prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas, petrochemical,
and product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional, and global
events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. Any
material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse
effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in the Upstream
segment, financial condition, and proved reserves. On the other hand, a
material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse
effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in the Downstream and
Chemical segments. 

 Economic conditions.  The demand for energy and petrochemicals is
generally linked closely with broad-based economic activities and levels of
prosperity. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of low or negative
economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our results.
Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a
major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods of civil
unrest, government austerity programs, or currency exchange rate fluctuations,
can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals. Sovereign debt
downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to credit or legal
constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal,
monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and other events or
conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets and institutions
also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of our financial
assets and to the ability of our partners and customers to fulfill their
commitments to ExxonMobil. 

 Other demand-related factors.  Other factors that may affect the demand
for oil, gas, and petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include
technological improvements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns;
increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources; changes in technology
or consumer preferences that alter fuel choices, such as technological advances
in energy storage that make wind and solar more competitive for power
generation or increased consumer demand for alternative fueled or electric vehicles;
and broad-based changes in personal income levels.  

 Other supply-related factors.  Commodity prices and margins also vary
depending on a number of factors affecting supply. For example, increased
supply from the development of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies
to enhance recovery from existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to
the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in
demand. Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical
manufacturing capacity relative to demand tend to reduce margins on the
affected products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be
affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such as adherence by countries
to OPEC production quotas and other agreements among sovereigns, and the occurrence
of wars, hostile actions, natural disasters, disruptions in competitors’
operations, logistics constraints or unexpected unavailability of distribution
channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change can also alter the
relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to
manufacture petrochemicals.  

 Other market factors.  ExxonMobil’s business results are also
exposed to potential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates,
inflation, currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market
conditions.  

   

 Government and Political Factors  

 ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by political
or regulatory developments affecting our operations.  

 Access limitations.  A number of countries limit access to
their oil and gas resources, or may place resources off-limits from development
altogether. Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend
to increase in times of high commodity prices, when national governments may
have less need of outside sources of private capital. Many countries also
restrict the import or export of certain products based on point of origin.  

 Restrictions on doing business.  ExxonMobil is subject to laws and
sanctions imposed by the United States or by other jurisdictions where we do
business that may prohibit ExxonMobil or certain of its affiliates from doing
business in certain countries, or restricting the kind of business that may be
conducted. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors
who may not be subject to comparable restrictions.  

 Lack of legal certainty.  Some countries in which we do business
lack well-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted, or may be unable to
maintain, clear regulatory frameworks for oil and gas development. Lack of
legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risk of adverse or
unpredictable actions by government officials, and also makes it more difficult
for us to enforce our contracts. In some cases these risks can be partially
offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in an international forum, but the
adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to enforce
an award.  


 


 2   


 
 

 


   


 
 Regulatory
and litigation risks.  Even
in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil does business,
we remain exposed to changes in law or interpretation of settled law (including
changes that result from international treaties and accords) that could
adversely affect our results, such as:  

    

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates
  (including retroactive claims); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   price controls; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   changes in environmental regulations or other laws that
  increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business
  opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling
  operations, water use, methane emissions, hydraulic fracturing or plastics); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of regulations mandating efficiency standards,
  the use of alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of government payment transparency regulations
  that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive commercial
  information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure laws of
  other countries; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   government actions to cancel contracts, re-denominate the
  official currency, renounce or default on obligations, renegotiate terms
  unilaterally, or expropriate assets. 
   
  
 



 Legal remedies available to compensate us for expropriation
or other takings may be inadequate.  

 We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of
litigation, especially in countries such as the United States in which very
large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur, or by government
enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or
regulations.  

 Security concerns.  Successful operation of particular
facilities or projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or
terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, and other local security concerns. Such concerns
may require us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations
for a period of time.  

 Climate change and greenhouse gas
restrictions.  Due to
concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have adopted,
or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions. These include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes,
minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased
efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Such
policies could make our products more expensive, less competitive, lengthen
project implementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as
shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources such as natural
gas. Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations or policies may also
increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or sequestering
emissions.  

 Government sponsorship of alternative
energy.  Many governments
are providing tax advantages and other subsidies to support alternative energy
sources or are mandating the use of specific fuels or technologies. Governments
and others are also promoting research into new technologies to reduce the cost
and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources. We are conducting
our own research both in-house and by working with more than 80 leading
universities around the world, including the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Princeton University, The University of Texas, and Stanford
University. Our research projects focus on developing algae-based biofuels,
carbon capture and storage, breakthrough energy efficiency processes, advanced
energy-saving materials, and other technologies. For example, ExxonMobil is
working with Fuel Cell Energy Inc. to explore using carbonate fuel cells to
economically capture CO 2  emissions from gas-fired power plants. Our
future results may depend in part on the success of our research efforts and on
our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to
providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. See
“Operational and Other Factors” below.  

   

 Operational and Other Factors 

 In addition to external economic and political factors, our
future business results also depend on our ability to manage successfully those
factors that are at least in part within our control. The extent to which we
manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. For
projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management
effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.  

 Exploration and development program.  Our ability to maintain and grow our oil
and gas production depends on the success of our exploration and development
efforts. Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to
identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our project management
expertise to bring discovered resources on line as scheduled and within budget.
 


 


 3   


 
 

 


   


 
 Project and
portfolio management.  The
long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical businesses
depends on complex, long‑term, capital intensive projects. These projects
in turn require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize
efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects
include our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners,
governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir performance;
develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the
development of effective spot markets; manage changes in operating conditions
and costs, including costs of third party equipment or services such as
drilling rigs and shipping; prevent, to the extent possible, and respond
effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project
startup or cause unscheduled project downtime; and influence the performance of
project operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. In addition to
the effective management of individual projects, ExxonMobil’s success,
including our ability to mitigate risk and provide attractive returns to shareholders,
depends on our ability to successfully manage our overall portfolio, including
diversification among types and locations of our projects.  

 The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a
variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning
as in any government payment transparency reports.  

 Operational efficiency.  An important component of ExxonMobil’s
competitive performance, especially given the commodity‑based nature of
many of our businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our
ability to manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis.
This requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements,
cost control, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset
portfolio, and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber
employees.  

 Research and development and technological
change.  To maintain our
competitive position, especially in light of the technological nature of our
businesses and the need for continuous efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s
research and development organizations must be successful and able to adapt to
a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to
help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. To remain competitive we must also
continuously adapt and capture the benefits of new and emerging technologies.  

 Safety, business controls, and
environmental risk management.  Our results depend on management’s ability to minimize the
inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control
effectively our business activities, and to minimize the potential for human
error. We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus on workplace
safety and avoiding spills or other adverse environmental events. For example,
we work to minimize spills through a combined program of effective operations
integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and
comprehensive inspection and surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing
cost-effective new technologies and adopting new operating practices to reduce
air emissions, not only in response to government requirements but also to
address community priorities. We also maintain a disciplined framework of
internal controls and apply a controls management system for monitoring
compliance with this framework. Substantial liabilities and other adverse
impacts could result if our management systems and controls do not function as
intended. 

 Cybersecurity.  ExxonMobil is regularly subject to
attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of threat actors including
state-sponsored actors. ExxonMobil’s defensive preparedness includes
multi-layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection of
cybersecurity disruptions; non-technological measures such as threat
information sharing with governmental and industry groups; internal training
and awareness campaigns including routine testing of employee awareness and an
emphasis on resiliency including business response and recovery. If the
measures we are taking to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be
insufficient, ExxonMobil as well as our customers, employees, or third parties
could be adversely affected. Cybersecurity disruptions could cause physical
harm to people or the environment; damage or destroy assets; compromise business
systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result
in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise
disrupt our business operations. We could incur significant costs to remedy the
effects of a major cybersecurity disruption in addition to costs in connection
with resulting regulatory actions, litigation or reputational harm.  

 Preparedness.  Our operations may be disrupted by severe
weather events, natural disasters, human error, and similar events. For
example, hurricanes may damage our offshore production facilities or coastal
refining and petrochemical plants in vulnerable areas. Our facilities are
designed, constructed, and operated to withstand a variety of extreme climatic
and other conditions, with safety factors built in to cover a number of
engineering uncertainties, including those associated with wave, wind, and
current intensity, marine ice flow patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge
magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rainfall events, and earthquakes. Our
consideration of changing weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in
design covers the engineering uncertainties that climate change and other
events may potentially introduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts
of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility
engineering as well as our rigorous disaster preparedness and response and
business continuity planning.  


 


 4   


 
 

 


   


 
 Insurance limitations.  The ability of the Corporation to insure against many of the
risks it faces as described in this Item 1A is limited by the capacity of the
applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient. 

 Competition.  As noted in Item 1 above, the energy and
petrochemical industries are highly competitive. We face competition not only
from other private firms, but also from state-owned companies that are
increasingly competing for opportunities outside of their home countries. In
some cases, these state-owned companies may pursue opportunities in furtherance
of strategic objectives of their government owners, with less focus on
financial returns than companies owned by private shareholders, such as
ExxonMobil. Technology and expertise provided by industry service companies may
also enhance the competitiveness of firms that may not have the internal
resources and capabilities of ExxonMobil or reduce the need for resource-owning
countries to partner with private-sector oil and gas companies in order to
monetize national resources. 

 Reputation.  Our reputation is an important corporate
asset. An operating incident, significant cybersecurity disruption, or other
adverse event such as those described in this Item 1A may have a negative
impact on our reputation, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to
compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory
approvals, or could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. ExxonMobil’s
reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect the image of
our industry as a whole. 

 Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s
plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7 and 7A of
this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results, including
project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs, and
business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the factors
discussed above and elsewhere in this report.  

   

 ITEM 1B.          UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 


 


 5   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 2.        Properties 

 Information with regard to oil and gas
producing activities follows:  

   

 1. Disclosure of Reserves  

 A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at
Year-End 2018  

 The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved
reserves in each geographic area and by product type for consolidated
subsidiaries and equity companies. Natural gas is converted to an
oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. The
Corporation has reported proved reserves on the basis of the average of the
first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the last 12-month period. No
major discovery or other favorable or adverse event has occurred since December
31, 2018, that would cause a significant change in the estimated proved
reserves as of that date. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude 
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
   Natural 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Liquids 
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
   All Products 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (billion cubic ft) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Developed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,257 
   
  
   439 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,538 
   
  
   3,786 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   144 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   3,880 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   605 
   
  
   4,599 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   101 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   496 
   
  
   82 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   581 
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   2,184 
   
  
   101 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,618 
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,336 
   
  
   841 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
   696 
   
  
   3,880 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   22,794 
   
  
   13,098 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   202 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   152 
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   988 
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   637 
   
  
   282 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   11,951 
   
  
   2,911 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   854 
   
  
   288 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13,091 
   
  
   3,324 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Developed 
   
  
   5,111 
   
  
   984 
   
  
   3,880 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   35,885 
   
  
   16,422 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,947 
   
  
   669 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
   4,093 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   385 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   305 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,139 
   
  
   898 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   65 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   223 
   
  
   1,210 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,126 
   
  
   556 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   3,708 
   
  
   708 
   
  
   305 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13,556 
   
  
   6,980 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   863 
   
  
   150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   383 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
   661 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   441 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,375 
   
  
   891 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Undeveloped 
   
  
   4,149 
   
  
   762 
   
  
   305 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,931 
   
  
   7,871 
   
  
 
   
   Total Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
   9,260 
   
  
   1,746 
   
  
   4,185 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   51,816 
   
  
   24,293 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Other Americas includes proved
developed reserves of 1 million barrels of crude oil and 99 billion cubic feet
of natural gas, as well as proved undeveloped reserves of 226 million barrels
of crude oil and 423 billion cubic feet of natural gas.  


 


 6   


 
 

 


   


 
 In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and
equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the Corporation
operates its business with the same view of equity company reserves as it has
for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.  

 The Corporation anticipates several projects will come
online over the next few years providing additional production capacity.
However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of
individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance;
performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact
of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on
production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and
other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the
requirement of reasonable certainty, is an ongoing process based on rigorous
technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis
of well and reservoir information such as flow rates and reservoir pressures.
Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which
have received significant funding commitments by management made toward the
development of the reserves. Although the Corporation is reasonably certain
that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount recovered can be
affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects,
reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer
preferences, and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas price
levels. In addition, proved reserves could be affected by an extended period of
low prices which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s capital spending
and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects. 

 B. Technologies Used in
Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2018  

 Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2018 were
based on estimates generated through the integration of available and
appropriate geological, engineering and production data, utilizing
well-established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield
repeatable and consistent results.  

 Data used in these integrated assessments included
information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well
logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure
information, production test data, and surveillance and performance
information. The data utilized also included subsurface information obtained
through indirect measurements including high-quality 3-D and 4-D seismic data,
calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to interpret
the data included proprietary seismic processing software, proprietary
reservoir modeling and simulation software, and commercially available data
analysis packages.  

 In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs
were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to increase
the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.  

 C. Qualifications of
Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves  

 ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves group that
provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating organization.
Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight of the reserves
estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
rules and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the
reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the
official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s proved reserves of crude
oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In addition,
the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation
and reporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Manager of the
Global Reserves group has more than 25 years of experience in reservoir
engineering and reserves assessment, has a degree in Engineering and currently
serves on the Oil and Gas Reserves Committee of the Society of Petroleum
Engineers (SPE). The group is staffed with individuals that have an average of
more than 20 years of technical experience in the petroleum industry, including
expertise in the classification and categorization of reserves under the SEC
guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold advanced degrees in either
Engineering or Geology.  

 The Global Reserves group maintains a central database
containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls,
including limitations on database access and update capabilities, are in place
to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of the
system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the
reserves estimation process include technical evaluations and analysis of well
and field performance and a rigorous peer review. No changes may be made to the
reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new
initial reserves estimates or subsequent revisions, unless these changes have
been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized personnel within the
operating organization. In addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed
certain thresholds require further review and approval of the appropriate level
of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made
in the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves group for all
proved reserves changes is a mandatory component of this review process. After
all changes are made, reviews are held with senior management for final
endorsement.  


 


 7   


 
 

 


   


 
   2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves   

 At year-end 2018, approximately 7.9 billion oil-equivalent
barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as proved
undeveloped. This represents 32 percent of the 24.3 GOEB reported in proved
reserves. This compares to the 7.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported
at the end of 2017. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development
activities that resulted in the transfer of approximately 0.8 GOEB from proved
undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year end. The largest transfers
were related to drilling activity in the United States, the United Arab
Emirates, Canada, and Russia. During 2018, extensions and discoveries,
primarily in the United States resulted in an addition of approximately 1.7
GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves. Also, the Corporation reclassified
approximately 0.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves which no longer met the
SEC definition of proved reserves, primarily in the Netherlands at the
Groningen gas field and the United States.  

 Overall, investments of $13.2 billion were made by the
Corporation during 2018 to progress the development of reported proved
undeveloped reserves, including $13.1 billion for oil and gas producing
activities and additional investments for other non-oil and gas producing
activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related
facilities. These investments represented 65 percent of the $20.2 billion in
total reported Upstream capital and exploration expenditures. 

 One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved
reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments toward the
development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy
and many major fields require long lead‑time in order to be developed.
Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording
proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production and can exceed five
years for large and complex projects. Proved undeveloped reserves in the United
States, Canada, Australia, and Kazakhstan have remained undeveloped for five
years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity of infrastructure,
as well as the time required to complete development for very large projects.
The Corporation is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be
produced; however, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number
of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance,
regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer preferences, the pace of co‑venturer/government
funding, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments, and
significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas price levels. Of the
proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more years,
over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. In Canada,
proved undeveloped reserves are related to drilling activities in the offshore
Hebron field and onshore Cold Lake operations. In Australia, proved undeveloped
reserves are associated with future compression for the Gorgon Jansz LNG
project. In Kazakhstan, the proved undeveloped reserves are related to the
remainder of the initial development of the producing offshore Kashagan field
which is included in the North Caspian Production Sharing Agreement and the
Tengizchevroil joint venture which includes a production license in the Tengiz
– Korolev field complex. The Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and
proved undeveloped reserves will continue to move to proved developed as
approved development phases progress.  

    


 


 8   


 
 

 


   


 
 3. Oil and Gas Production, Production
Prices and Production Costs  

 A. Oil and Gas Production  

 The table below summarizes production by
final product sold and by geographic area for the last three years.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and
  natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   412 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,450 
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total crude
  oil and natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,648 
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,666 
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,742 
   
  
   252 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bitumen
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Synthetic oil
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,266 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,910 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,052 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   925 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,093 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   927 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,325 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,395 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,205 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   728 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,527 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,816 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,922 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total natural
  gas production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,405 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent
  barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Other Americas includes crude oil
production for 2018 of two thousand barrels daily and natural gas production
available for sale for 2018, 2017 and 2016 of 28 million, 24 million, and 22 million
cubic feet daily, respectively.  


 


 9   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Production Prices and Production Costs  

 The table below summarizes average
production prices and average production costs by geographic area and by
product type for the last three years.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.84 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.53 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   70.84 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.91 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.53 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.68 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.87 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.66 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.85 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   11.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.32 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.34 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.93 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.33 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67.07 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.64 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.01 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   24.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.96 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.53 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   70.84 
   
  
     
   
  
   68.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.93 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.53 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.85 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.68 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.67 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.66 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.85 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   12.43 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.32 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.29 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.93 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.33 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.48 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.04 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   10.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.33 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.02 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.81 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   23.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.45 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.51 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.51 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   11.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.12 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 10   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.47 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.59 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.99 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.43 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   10.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.79 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.87 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   22.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.09 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.83 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   11.18 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.77 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.89 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
 



   

 Average production prices have been calculated by using
sales quantities from the Corporation’s own production as the divisor. Average
production costs have been computed by using net production quantities for the
divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used
for this computation are shown in the oil and gas production table in section
3.A. The volumes of natural gas used in the calculation are the production
volumes of natural gas available for sale and are also shown in section 3.A.
The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those shown in
the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental
Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of
the Financial Section of this report due to volumes consumed or flared. Natural
gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one
thousand barrels.  


 


 11   


 
 

 


   


 
 4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and
Development Activities  

 A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells
Drilled  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Productive
  Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 




 


 12   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Productive
  Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total number
  of net wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
 




 


 13   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas
Resources Extracted by Mining Technologies  

 Syncrude Operations.  Syncrude is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen, and then upgrade it to produce a high-quality, light (32
degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of
a 25 percent interest in the joint venture. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent
interest in Imperial Oil Limited. In 2018, the company’s share of net
production of synthetic crude oil was about 60 thousand barrels per day
and share of net acreage was about 63 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.  

 Kearl Operations.  Kearl is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen. Imperial Oil Limited holds a 70.96 percent interest in the
joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited and
a 100 percent interest in ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised
of six oil sands leases covering about 49 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.  

 Kearl is located approximately 40 miles north of Fort
McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted from oil sands and processed
through bitumen extraction and froth treatment trains. The product, a blend of
bitumen and diluent, is shipped to our refineries and to other third parties. Diluent
is natural gas condensate or other light hydrocarbons added to the crude
bitumen to facilitate transportation by pipeline and rail. During 2018, average
net production at Kearl was about 191 thousand barrels per day. 

 At year-end 2018, an additional 3.4 billion barrels of
bitumen at Kearl qualified as proved reserves under the SEC definition requiring
calculations based on the average of the first-day-of-the-month price during
the last 12-month period. 

   

 5. Present Activities  

 A. Wells Drilling  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Wells Drilling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   997 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   543 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net wells drilling 
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
     
   
  
   965 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
 




 


 14   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Review of Principal Ongoing Activities 

 UNITED STATES  

 ExxonMobil’s year-end 2018 acreage holdings totaled 12.1 million
net acres, of which 0.8 million net acres were offshore. ExxonMobil was active
in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and in Alaska.  

 During the year, 554.6 net exploration and development wells were
completed in the inland lower 48 states. Development activities focused on
liquids-rich opportunities in the onshore U.S., primarily in the Permian Basin
of West Texas and New Mexico and the Bakken oil play in North Dakota. In
addition, gas development activities continued in the Marcellus Shale of
Pennsylvania and West Virginia, the Utica Shale of Ohio and the Haynesville
Shale of East Texas and Louisiana.  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Gulf of Mexico at year-end 2018
was 0.7 million acres. A total of 3.5 net exploration and development wells
were completed during the year.  

 Participation in Alaska production and development continued with
a total of 7.3 net development wells completed. 

 CANADA / OTHER AMERICAS    

 Canada  

 Oil and Gas Operations:    ExxonMobil’s
year-end 2018 acreage holdings totaled 6.9 million net acres, of which 3.6
million net acres were offshore. A total of 20.3 net development wells were
completed during the year. 

 In Situ Bitumen Operations:    ExxonMobil’s year-end 2018 in situ bitumen acreage holdings
totaled 0.7 million net onshore acres. A total of 10 net development wells at
Cold Lake were completed during the year.   

 Argentina  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.3 million onshore acres
at year-end 2018, and there were 3.6 net exploration and development wells
completed during the year . 

 Guyana 

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 4.7 million offshore acres
at year-end 2018, and there were 2.8 net exploration wells completed during the
year. Development activities continued on the Liza Phase 1 project. 

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 A total of 2.3 million net onshore acres were held by
ExxonMobil at year-end 2018, with 0.1 net development well completed during the
year.  

 Netherlands  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled approximately
1.4 million acres at year-end 2018, of which 1.1 million acres were onshore. A
total of 2.9 net exploration and development wells were completed during the
year . In 2018, the Dutch
Cabinet notified Parliament of its intention to further reduce previously
legislated Groningen gas extraction in response to seismic events over the last
several years. Affiliates of the Corporation and their partners have actively
been in discussions with the government on the associated implementation
measures which resulted in a signed Heads of Agreement and the execution of
additional implementation agreements.   

 Norway  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at year-end 2018
totaled approximately 0.1 million acres, all offshore. A total of 2.7 net
development wells were completed in 2018. 

 United Kingdom  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at
year-end 2018 totaled approximately 0.6 million acres, all offshore. A total of
0.6 net development wells were completed during the year.    Development activities continued on the Penguins
Redevelopment project.    

 
  

   


 


 15   


 
 

 


   


 
 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.2 million offshore acres
at year-end 2018, with 2.0 net exploration and development wells completed
during the year. On Block 32, development activities continued on the Kaombo
Split Hub project as the Norte floating production storage and offloading (FPSO)
vessel started up in 2018 and construction progressed on the Sul FPSO.    

 Chad  

 At year-end 2018, ExxonMobil’s net acreage
holdings totaled 46 thousand onshore acres. 

 Equatorial Guinea 

 ExxonMobil’s acreage totaled 0.5 million net offshore acres
at year-end 2018, with 0.8 net development well completed during the year.  In 2018, ExxonMobil acquired deepwater
acreage in Block EG-11. 

 Mozambique  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled approximately 2.6 million
offshore acres at year-end 2018. ExxonMobil acquired an interest in offshore
blocks Angoche A5-B, Zambezi Z5-C, and Zambezi Z5-D in December 2018. Development
activities continued on the Coral South Floating LNG project during 2018.  

 Nigeria  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.8 million offshore acres
at year-end 2018, with 0.2 net development well completed during the year. In
2018, ExxonMobil relinquished approximately 0.3 million net acres offshore.  

 ASIA  

 Azerbaijan  

 At year-end 2018, ExxonMobil's net acreage
totaled 7 thousand offshore acres. A total of 1.0 net development wells were
completed during the year. The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the
development of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field was amended in September 2017 to
extend the term by 25 years to 2049.  

 Indonesia  

 At year-end 2018, ExxonMobil had 0.1 million net acres
onshore. The Kedung Keris project was funded in 2018. 

 Iraq  

 At year-end 2018, ExxonMobil’s onshore
acreage was 0.1 million net acres. A total of 1.7 net development wells were
completed at the West Qurna Phase I oil field during the year. Oil field
rehabilitation activities continued during 2018 and across the life of this project
will include drilling of new wells, working over of existing wells, and
optimization and debottlenecking of existing facilities. In the Kurdistan
Region of Iraq, ExxonMobil has continued exploration activities.  

 Kazakhstan  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.1
million acres onshore and 0.2 million acres offshore at year-end 2018. A total
of 7.2 net development wells were completed during 2018. Development activities
continued on the Tengiz Expansion project. 

 Malaysia  

 ExxonMobil’s interests in production sharing contracts
covered 2.4 million net acres offshore at year-end 2018. During the year, a total
of 0.5 net development well was completed.   

 Qatar  

 Through our joint ventures with Qatar Petroleum,
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 65 thousand acres offshore at year-end 2018.
ExxonMobil participated in 62.2 million tonnes per year gross liquefied natural
gas capacity and 2.0 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity at
year-end. Development 
activities continued on the Barzan project in 2018. 


 


 16   


 
 

 


   


 
 Russia  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage holdings in Sakhalin at year-end
2018 were 85 thousand acres, all offshore. A total of 3.0 net development wells
were completed.  

 ExxonMobil withdrew from the joint ventures with Rosneft
for the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas and western Siberia, effective
April 30, 2018. ExxonMobil continues to remain in compliance with all laws
applicable to its operations and investments in the Russian Federation.  

 Thailand  

 ExxonMobil’s net onshore acreage in Thailand concessions
totaled 21 thousand acres at year-end 2018.  

 United Arab Emirates  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Abu Dhabi offshore Upper
Zakum oil concession was 81 thousand acres at year-end 2018. A total of 6.7 net
development wells were completed. During 2018, development activities continued
on the Upper Zakum 750 project, and work progressed on the Upper Zakum 1MBD
project.   

 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA
 

 Australia  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.9 million acres offshore
and 31 thousand acres onshore at year-end 2018. A total of 2.0 net exploration
wells were completed during the year in the Bass Strait. The West Barracouta
project was funded in 2018.  

 The co-venturer-operated Gorgon Jansz liquefied natural gas
development consists of a subsea infrastructure for offshore production and
transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million tonnes per year liquefied natural gas
facility and a 280 million cubic feet per day domestic gas plant located on
Barrow Island, Western Australia. The Gorgon Stage Two project was funded in
2018.  

 Papua New Guinea  

 A total of 9.9 million net acres were held by
ExxonMobil at year-end 2018, of which 5.4 million net acres were offshore. A
total of 0.5 net exploration well was completed during the year. The Papua New
Guinea (PNG) liquefied natural gas integrated development includes gas
production and processing facilities in the southern PNG Highlands, onshore and
offshore pipelines, and a 6.9 million tonnes per year  liquefied natural gas  facility near Port Moresby. During 2018, operations were
temporarily interrupted following a magnitude 7.5 earthquake.  

 WORLDWIDE EXPLORATION  

 At year-end 2018, exploration activities were under way in
several areas in which ExxonMobil has no established production operations and
thus are not included above. A total of 28.4 million net acres were held at
year-end 2018 and 1.4 net exploration wells were completed during the year in
these countries. 

   

 6. Delivery Commitments  

 ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas
from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some
of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity for
periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales
contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can
be a combination of our own production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are
contractually committed to deliver approximately 57 million barrels of oil and
2,400 billion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2019 through 2021.
We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production
from our proved developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled
with production from our proved undeveloped reserves and spot market purchases
as necessary. 


 


 17   


 
 

 


   


 
 7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells,
Operations and Acreage  

 A. Gross and Net Productive Wells  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Productive Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   20,996 
   
  
   8,460 
   
  
   25,061 
   
  
   14,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,679 
   
  
   8,366 
   
  
   27,700 
   
  
   15,979 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   5,037 
   
  
   4,781 
   
  
   4,262 
   
  
   1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877 
   
  
   4,618 
   
  
   4,273 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   981 
   
  
   256 
   
  
   648 
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
   267 
   
  
   664 
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   1,221 
   
  
   472 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,222 
   
  
   474 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   891 
   
  
   286 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   900 
   
  
   299 
   
  
   139 
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   577 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   81 
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
   129 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   29,703 
   
  
   14,378 
   
  
   30,197 
   
  
   16,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,282 
   
  
   14,153 
   
  
   32,864 
   
  
   18,011 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   13,126 
   
  
   5,398 
   
  
   4,503 
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,796 
   
  
   5,247 
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
   491 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   57 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   602 
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   617 
   
  
   195 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   164 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   13,347 
   
  
   5,459 
   
  
   5,231 
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,999 
   
  
   5,304 
   
  
   4,969 
   
  
   716 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net productive wells 
   
  
   43,050 
   
  
   19,837 
   
  
   35,428 
   
  
   17,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,281 
   
  
   19,457 
   
  
   37,833 
   
  
   18,727 
   
  
 



   

 There were 28,847 gross and 24,696 net operated wells at
year‑end 2018 and 30,263 gross and 25,827 net operated wells at year-end
2017. The number of wells with multiple completions was 947 gross in 2018 and 1,366
gross in 2017.  

    


 


 18   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage     

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Developed Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   13,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,026 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   2,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   2,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,983 
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   3,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   28,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,209 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   929 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   930 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   4,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,317 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   5,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,728 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,680 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net developed acreage 
   
  
   33,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,186 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,889 
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes developed acreage in Other
Americas of 375 gross and 244 net thousands of acres for 2018 and 375 gross and
244 net thousands of acres for 2017.  

 Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained
because, in many instances, both are produced from the same acreage.  

   

 C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Undeveloped Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   7,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,427 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,489 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   34,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,410 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   9,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,622 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   44,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,705 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   7,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,680 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   15,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,976 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,125 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   118,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   104,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,031 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,633 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   972 
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   192,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,884 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net undeveloped acreage 
   
  
   119,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   296,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,915 
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes undeveloped acreage in Other
Americas of 23,872 gross and 9,595 net thousands of acres for 2018 and 18,625 gross
and 8,053 net thousands of acres for 2017. 

 ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped
acreage is comprised of numerous concessions, blocks and leases. The terms and
conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or production
rights to the acreage are property‑specific, contractually defined and
vary significantly from property to property. Work programs are designed to
ensure that the exploration potential of any property is fully evaluated before
expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to relinquish acreage
in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is
complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where
additional time may be required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has
generally been successful in obtaining extensions. The scheduled expiration of
leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next three years is not
expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.  


 


 19   


 
 

 


   


 
 D. Summary of Acreage Terms 

 UNITED STATES  

 Oil and gas exploration and production
rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral
interest owners include the Federal and State governments, as well as private
mineral interest owners. Leases typically have an exploration period ranging
from one to ten years, and a production period that normally remains in effect
until production ceases. Under certain circumstances, a lease may be held
beyond its exploration term even if production has not commenced. In some
instances regarding private property, a “fee interest” is acquired where the
underlying mineral interests are owned outright. 

 CANADA / OTHER
AMERICAS  

 Canada  

 Exploration licenses or leases in onshore
areas are acquired for varying periods of time with renewals or extensions
possible. These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing
licenses or leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license
and lease agreements are held as long as there is proven production capability
on the licenses and leases. Exploration licenses in offshore eastern Canada and
the Beaufort Sea are held by work commitments of various amounts and rentals.
They are valid for a maximum term of nine years. Offshore production licenses
are valid for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production.
Significant discovery licenses in the offshore, relating to currently
undeveloped discoveries, do not have a definite term.  

 Argentina  

 The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in
December 2014. The onshore concession terms granted prior to the amendment are
up to six years, divided into three potential exploration periods, with an
optional extension for up to one year depending on the classification of the
area. Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for a conventional
production concession would be 25 years, and 35 years for an unconventional concession,
with unlimited ten-year extensions possible, once a field has been developed.  

 Guyana  

 The Petroleum (Exploration and Production)
Act authorizes the government of Guyana to grant petroleum prospecting and
production licenses and to enter into petroleum agreements for the exploration
and production of hydrocarbons. Petroleum agreements provide for an exploration
period of up to 10 years with a production period of 20 years with a 10 year
extension.  

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 Exploration concessions are granted for an
initial maximum period of five years, with an unlimited number of extensions of
up to three years each. Extensions are subject to specific, minimum work
commitments. Production licenses are normally granted for 20 to 25 years with
multiple possible extensions as long as there is production on the license. 

 Netherlands                                                                       

 Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003,
exploration and production licenses for both onshore and offshore areas are
issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on
the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is
issued. License conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the
Mining Law.  

 Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain
subject to their existing terms, and differ slightly for onshore and offshore
areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were indefinite; from
1988 they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license,
ranging from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976
were issued for a fixed period of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued
for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 15 to 40 years.
 

 Norway  

 Licenses issued between 1972 and 1997 were for an initial
period of up to six years (with extension of the initial period of one year at
a time up to ten years after 1985), and an extension period of up to 30 years,
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area required at the
end of the initial period. Licenses issued after July 1, 1997, have an initial
period of up to ten years and a normal extension period of up to 30 years or in
special cases of up to 50 years, and with relinquishment of at least one-half
of the original area required at the end of the initial period.
 


 


 20   


 
 

 


   


 
 United
Kingdom  

 Acreage terms are fixed by the government
and are periodically changed. For example, many of the early licenses issued
under the first four licensing rounds provided for an initial term of six years
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the
initial term, subject to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any
such 40-year term, licenses may continue in producing areas until cessation of
production; or licenses may continue in development areas for periods agreed on
a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate
in all other areas. The majority of traditional licenses currently issued have
an initial exploration term of four years with a second term extension of four
years, and a final production term of 18 years, with a mandatory relinquishment
of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all acreage that is
not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.  

 Terms for exploration acreage in technically
challenged areas are governed by frontier production licenses, generally
covering a larger initial area than traditional licenses, with an initial
exploration term of six or nine years with a second term extension of six
years, and a final production term of 18 years, with relinquishment of 75
percent of the original area after three years and 50 percent of the remaining
acreage after the next three years. Innovate licenses issued replace
traditional and frontier licenses and offer greater flexibility with respect to
periods and work program commitments. 

 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 Exploration and production activities are
governed by production sharing agreements with an initial exploration term of
four years and an optional second phase of two to three years. The production
period is 25 years, and agreements generally provide for a negotiated
extension.  

 Chad  

 Exploration permits are issued for a period of five years,
and are renewable for one or two further five-year periods. The terms and
conditions of the permits, including relinquishment obligations, are specified
in a negotiated convention. The production term is 30 years and in 2017 was
extended by 20 years to 2050.  

 Equatorial Guinea  

 Exploration, development and production activities are
governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the State
Ministry of Mines and Hydrocarbons. A new PSC was ratified in 2018; the initial
exploration period is five years for oil and gas, with multi-year extensions
available at the discretion of the Ministry and limited relinquishments in the
absence of commercial discoveries. The production period for crude oil ranges
from 25 to 30 years, while the production period for natural gas ranges from 25
to 50 years.  

 Mozambique  

 Exploration and production activities are generally
governed by concession contracts with the Government of the Republic of
Mozambique, represented by the Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy. An
interest in Area 4 offshore Mozambique was acquired in 2017. Terms for Area 4
are governed by the Exploration and Production Concession Contract (EPCC) for
Area 4 Offshore of the Rovuma Block. The EPCC expires 30 years after the approval
of a plan of development for a given discovery area.  

 In 2018 an interest was acquired in offshore blocks, A5-B,
Z5-C and Z5-D. Terms for the three blocks are governed by their respective
EPCCs, which have an initial exploration phase that expires in 2022 with the
possibility of two additional exploration phases expiring in 2024 and 2025. The
EPCCs provide a development and production period that expires 30 years after
the approval of a plan of development.  

 Nigeria  

 Exploration and production activities in the deepwater
offshore areas are typically governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs)
with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC). NNPC typically holds the underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and
any resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30
years, including a ten-year exploration period (an initial exploration phase
that can be divided into multiple optional periods) covered by an OPL. Upon
commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial relinquishment
is required under the PSC at the end of the ten-year exploration period, and
OMLs have a 20-year production period that may be extended.  

 Some exploration activities are carried out in deepwater by
joint ventures with local companies holding interests in an OPL. OPLs in
deepwater offshore areas are valid for 10 years, while in all other areas the
licenses are for five years. Demonstrating a commercial discovery is the basis
for conversion of an OPL to an OML.  

 
  

   


 


 21   


 
 

 


   


 
 OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum
Act (i.e., under the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the 1969 Petroleum Act)
were for 30 years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed,
effective December 1, 2008, for a further period of 20 years, with a further
renewal option of 20 years. Operations under these pre-1969 OMLs are conducted
under a joint venture agreement with NNPC rather than a PSC. Commercial terms
applicable to the existing joint venture oil production are defined by the Petroleum
Profits Tax Act.  

 OMLs granted under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include
all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum term of 20 years without distinction for
onshore or offshore location and are renewable, upon 12 months’ written notice,
for another period of 20 years. OMLs not held by NNPC are also subject to a
mandatory 50-percent relinquishment after the first 10 years of their duration.
 

 ASIA  

 Azerbaijan  

 The production sharing agreement (PSA) for
the development of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field was established for an
initial period of 30 years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994. The
PSA was amended in September 2017 to extend the term by 25 years to 2049. 

 Other exploration and production
activities are governed by PSAs negotiated with the national oil company of
Azerbaijan. The exploration period typically consists of three or four years
with the possibility of a one to three-year extension. The production period,
which includes development, is for 25 years or 35 years with the possibility of
one or two five-year extensions.  

 Indonesia  

 Exploration and production activities in
Indonesia are generally governed by cooperation contracts, usually in the form
of a production sharing contract (PSC), negotiated with BPMIGAS, a government
agency established in 2002 to manage upstream oil and gas activities. In 2012,
Indonesia’s Constitutional Court ruled certain articles of law relating to
BPMIGAS to be unconstitutional, but stated that all existing PSCs signed with
BPMIGAS should remain in force until their expiry, and the functions and duties
previously performed by BPMIGAS are to be carried out by the relevant Ministry
of the Government of Indonesia until the promulgation of a new oil and gas law.
By presidential decree, SKKMIGAS became the interim successor to BPMIGAS. The
current PSCs have an exploration period of six years, which can be extended up
to 10 years, and an exploitation period of 20 years. PSCs generally require the
contractor to relinquish 10 percent to 20 percent of the contract area after
three years and generally allow the contractor to retain no more than 50
percent to 80 percent of the original contract area after six years, depending
on the acreage and terms.  

 Iraq  

 Development and production activities in
the state-owned oil and gas fields are governed by contracts with regional oil
companies of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a
contract with Basra Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the rights to
participate in the development and production activities of the West Qurna
Phase I oil and gas field effective March 1, 2010. The term of the contract is
20 years with the right to extend for five years. The contract provides for
cost recovery plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above specified
levels.  

 Exploration and production activities in
the Kurdistan Region of Iraq are governed by production sharing contracts
(PSCs) negotiated with the regional government of Kurdistan in 2011. The
exploration term is for five years, with extensions available as provided by
the PSCs and at the discretion of the regional government of Kurdistan. Current
PSCs remain in effect by agreement of the regional government to allow additional
time for exploration or evaluation of commerciality. The production period is
20 years with the right to extend for five years. 

 Kazakhstan  

 Onshore exploration and production
activities are governed by the production license, exploration license and
joint venture agreements negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing
production operations have a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.  

 Offshore exploration and production
activities are governed by a production sharing agreement negotiated with the
Republic of Kazakhstan. The exploration period is six years followed by
separate appraisal periods for each discovery. The production period for each
discovery, which includes development, is 20 years from the date of declaration
of commerciality with the possibility of two ten-year extensions.  

 Malaysia  

 Production activities are governed by production sharing
contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the national oil company. The PSCs have
exploration and production terms ranging up to 38 years. All extensions are
subject to the national oil company’s prior written approval. The production
periods range from 15 to 29 years, depending on the provisions of the
respective contract.  


 


 22   


 
 

 


   


 
 Qatar  

 The State of Qatar grants gas production development
project rights to develop and supply gas from the offshore North Field to
permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient to
satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects.  

 Russia  

 Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage are fixed by the
current production sharing agreement (PSA) between the Russian government and
the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil is the operator.  

 ExxonMobil withdrew from the joint ventures with Rosneft
for the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas, effective April 30, 2018.
ExxonMobil continues to remain in compliance with all laws applicable to its
operations and investments in the Russian Federation. 

 Thailand  

 The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under
ExxonMobil’s concession for 30 years with a ten-year extension at terms
generally prevalent at the time. The term of the concession expires in 2021. 

 United Arab Emirates  

 An interest in the development and production activities of
the Upper Zakum field, a major offshore field, was acquired in 2006. In 2017
the governing agreements were extended to 2051. 

 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA  

 Australia  

 Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in
Commonwealth waters are governed by Federal legislation. Exploration permits
are granted for an initial term of six years with two possible five-year
renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not
commercially viable at the time of application, but are expected to become
commercially viable within 15 years. These are granted for periods of five
years and renewals may be requested. Prior to July 1998, production licenses
were granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and
thereafter “indefinitely”, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July
1998, new production licenses are granted “indefinitely”. In each case, a
production license may be terminated if no production operations have been
carried on for five years. 

 Papua New Guinea  

 Exploration and production activities are governed by the
Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum Prospecting licenses are granted for an initial term
of six years with a five-year extension possible (an additional extension of
three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent
relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial
six-year term, if extended. Petroleum Development licenses are granted for an
initial 25-year period. An extension of up to 20 years may be granted at the
Minister’s discretion. Petroleum Retention licenses may be granted for gas
resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application, but may
become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15
years. Petroleum Retention licenses are granted for five-year terms, and may be
extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of
15 years. Extensions of Petroleum Retention licenses may be for periods of less
than one year, renewable annually, if the Minister considers at the time of
extension that the resources could become commercially viable in less than five
years. 


 


 23   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Downstream
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Downstream segment manufactures, trades and
sells petroleum products. The refining and supply operations encompass a global
network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution
centers that provide a range of fuels, lubricants and other products and
feedstocks to our customers around the world.  

 Refining Capacity At
Year-End 2018  (1) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share  KBD  (2)  
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Joliet 
   
  
   Illinois 
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Billings 
   
  
   Montana 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    Total United
  States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Strathcona 
   
  
   Alberta 
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nanticoke 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fos-sur-Mer 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Karlsruhe 
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trecate 
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   74.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Slagen 
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fawley 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,460 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Altona 
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Jurong/PAC 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,724 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity data is based on
100 percent of rated refinery process unit stream-day capacities under
normal operating conditions, less the impact of shutdowns for regular repair
and maintenance activities, averaged over an extended period of time. The
listing excludes refining capacity for a minor interest held through equity
securities in New Zealand, and the Laffan Refinery in Qatar for which results
are reported in the Upstream segment. 

 (2)   Thousands of barrels per day (KBD).
ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent of atmospheric distillation capacity
in operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For companies
owned 50 percent or less, ExxonMobil share is the greater of ExxonMobil’s
interest or that portion of distillation capacity normally available to
ExxonMobil.  


 


 24   


 
 

 


   


 
 The marketing operations sell products and services throughout the world
through our  Exxon ,  Esso   and  Mobil   brands. 

   

 Retail Sites At Year-End 2018 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   10,760 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total United
  States 
   
  
   10,760 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   5,636 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
   5,833 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   1,013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
   1,593 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Latin America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Latin
  America 
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   1,002 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   19,804 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Worldwide 
   
  
   20,806 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 25   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Chemical
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Chemical segment manufactures and sells
petrochemicals. The Chemical business supplies olefins, polyolefins, aromatics,
and a wide variety of other petrochemicals.  

 Chemical Complex Capacity At Year-End 2018
 (1)(2)    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ethylene 
   
  
   Polyethylene 
   
  
   Polypropylene 
   
  
   Paraxylene 
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mont Belvieu 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fife 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Meerhout 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al Jubail 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity for ethylene, polyethylene,
polypropylene and paraxylene in millions of metric tons per year.  

 (2)   Capacity reflects 100 percent
for operations of ExxonMobil and majority‑owned subsidiaries. For
companies owned 50 percent or less, capacity is ExxonMobil’s interest.  

    


 


 26   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 3.        Legal
Proceedings 

 In
a matter reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the second quarter of
2018, the State of Ohio Department of Natural Resources, Division of Oil &
Gas Resources Management (ODNR) and XTO Energy Inc. (XTO) signed a Compliance
Agreement on December 21, 2018, regarding alleged violations by XTO of the Ohio
Revised Code, Ohio Administrative Code, and implementing regulations arising
out of the Schnegg well incident in Belmont County, Ohio, in early 2018. The
Compliance Agreement settles the following alleged actions of XTO: (1) causing
brine to be discharged and contact the ground and/or surface water; (2) failure
to place cement in the casing string per Ohio codes; (3) allowing a well to
flow gas uncontrolled; (4) failure to construct, drill and operate a well in
the manner as permitted and planned; and (5) failure to notify the ODNR upon
discovery a well had sustained annular pressure above the prescribed pressure.
The penalty assessment was $850,000, half paid to the ODNR on January 15, 2019,
and half to be paid to 29 agencies located in Belmont County as designated by
the ODNR.  

 In
another matter relating to the Schnegg well incident, reported in the
Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2018, the State of Ohio
Environmental Protection Agency (OEPA) and XTO signed Final Findings and Orders
on December 28, 2018, regarding OEPA allegations that XTO violated the Ohio
Revised Code and implementing regulations, including but not limited to: (1)
failure to maintain and operate its facility in a manner using good pollution
control practices; (2) failure to provide a malfunction report; (3) failure to
complete and properly report quarterly inspections; and (4) failure to submit
site-specific work practice plans within applicable time limits. The penalty
assessment of $150,000 was paid on January 21, 2019, half to the OEPA and half
to a Supplemental Environmental Project. 

 As
reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2018, the
Corporation received a proposed agreed order from the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality (TCEQ), dated March 15, 2018, related to routine Title V
air operating permit investigations conducted by the TCEQ in 2017 of the
Baytown Refinery in Texas. The proposed agreed order alleged that the refinery
failed to authorize, monitor, or keep records on certain equipment and to
comply with certain flare or fuel gas monitoring system availability requirements
or concentration limits. After receipt of additional information from
ExxonMobil and further evaluation of the alleged violations, the TCEQ has
issued a revised proposed agreed order, reducing the number of alleged
violations and agreeing to an administrative penalty of $56,596 in settlement
of these matters. The Agreed Order was signed by ExxonMobil on December 18,
2018, and ExxonMobil paid $28,298 on January 10, 2019. The balance will be paid
to a Supplemental Environmental Project upon endorsement by the TCEQ. 

 As
last reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2018, on
July 20, 2017, the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign
Assets Control (OFAC) assessed a civil penalty against Exxon Mobil Corporation,
ExxonMobil Development Company and ExxonMobil Oil Corporation for violating the
Ukraine-Related Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. part 589. The assessed civil
penalty is in the amount of $2,000,000. ExxonMobil and its affiliates have been
and continue to be in compliance with all sanctions and disagree that any
violation has occurred. ExxonMobil and its affiliates filed a complaint on July 20,
2017, in the United States Federal District Court, Northern District of Texas
seeking judicial review of, and to enjoin, the civil penalty under the
Administrative Procedures Act and the United States Constitution, including on
the basis that it represents an arbitrary and capricious action by OFAC and a
violation of the Company’s due process rights. 

 Refer
to the relevant portions of “Note 16: Litigation and Other Contingencies”
of the Financial Section of this report for additional information on legal
proceedings.  

   

 Item 4.        MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not
applicable.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   _______________________ 
   
  
     
   
  
 



     

 
 


 27   


 
 

 


   


 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant
[pursuant to Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)] 

 (positions and ages as of February 27,
2019) 

   

 
  
   
   Darren W. Woods 
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Darren W. Woods was President
  of ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company August 1, 2012 –
  July 31, 2014 and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation August 1, 2012 –
  May 31, 2014. He was Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  June 1, 2014 – December 31, 2015. He became a
  Director and President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  January 1, 2016, and Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
  Officer on January 1, 2017, positions he continues to hold as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Neil A. Chapman 
   
  
   Senior
  Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 56 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil A. Chapman was Senior Vice
  President, ExxonMobil Chemical Company April 1, 2011 –
  December 31, 2014. He was President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company
  and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation January 1, 2015  – December 31, 2017. He became Senior
  Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2018, a position he  continues to hold  as of this filing date . 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Andrew P. Swiger became
  Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2009,
  a position he continues to hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Jack P. Williams, Jr. 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   June 1, 2014 
   
  
   Age: 55 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Jack P. Williams, Jr. was Executive
  Vice President of ExxonMobil Production Company June 1, 2013 –
  June 30, 2014. He became Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on June 1, 2014, a position he continues to hold as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Peter P. Clarke 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 53 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Peter P. Clarke was Business
  Planning & Analysis Manager, ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing Company
  May 1, 2011 – April 30, 2014. He was Vice President,
  Asia Pacific, Africa & Power, ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing
  Company May 1, 2014 – February 28, 2015. He was Vice President, Asia Pacific,
  Africa, & Americas, ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing Company March 1,
  2015 – June 30, 2015. He was Vice President, International Gas for ExxonMobil
  Gas & Power Marketing Company July 1, 2015 – February 28, 2018. He became
  President of ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing Company and Vice President
  of Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1, 2018, positions he  continues to hold  as of this filing date. 
     
   
  
 
   
   Bradley W. Corson 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2015 
   
  
   Age: 57 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Bradley W. Corson was Regional Vice
  President, Europe/Caspian for ExxonMobil Production Company
  May 1, 2009 – April 30, 2014. He was Vice President,
  ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures May 1, 2014 – February 28, 2015.
  He became President of ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures and Vice President of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1, 2015, positions he  continues to hold  as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   


 


 28   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
   Neil W. Duffin 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil W. Duffin was
  President of ExxonMobil Development Company April 13, 2007 –
  December 31, 2016. He became President of ExxonMobil Production
  Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  January 1, 2017, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Randall M. Ebner 
   
  
   Vice President and
  General Counsel 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   November 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 63 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Randall M. Ebner was Assistant General
  Counsel of Exxon Mobil Corporation January 1, 2009 –
  October 31, 2016. He became Vice President and General Counsel of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation on November 1, 2016, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Stephen M. Greenlee 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   September 1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Stephen M. Greenlee became
  President of ExxonMobil Exploration Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on September 1, 2010, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Neil A. Hansen 
   
  
   Vice President – Investor
  Relations and Secretary 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   July 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 44 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Mr. Neil A. Hansen was Affiliate Finance
  Manager, Treasurer’s, Exxon Mobil Corporation May 1, 2013 – June 30, 2014. He
  was Thailand Lead Country Manager and Business Services Manager, Esso
  (Thailand) Public Company Ltd. July 1, 2014 – March 31, 2017. He was
  Controller, ExxonMobil Fuels, Lubricants & Specialties Marketing Company
  April 1, 2017 – December 31, 2017. He was Value Chain Controller, ExxonMobil
  Fuels & Lubricants Company January 1, 2018 – June 30, 2018. He became
  Vice President – Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  on July 1, 2018, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liam M. Mallon 
   
  
   President, ExxonMobil
  Development Company 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 56 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Liam M. Mallon was Vice President,
  Africa, ExxonMobil Production Company
  June 1, 2012 – January 31, 2014. He was
  Executive Vice President, ExxonMobil Development Company
  February 1, 2014 – December 31, 2016. He became
  President of ExxonMobil Development Company on January 1, 2017, a
  position he  continues to
  hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bryan W. Milton 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   August 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Bryan W. Milton was President of
  ExxonMobil Global Services Company April 1, 2011 –
  July 31, 2016. He was President of ExxonMobil Fuels, Lubricants
  & Specialties Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation August 1, 2016 – December 31, 2017. He became President
  of ExxonMobil Fuels & Lubricants Company and Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2018, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sara N. Ortwein 
   
  
   President, XTO Energy
  Inc., a subsidiary of the Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   November 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 60 
   
  
 
   
   Ms. Sara N. Ortwein was President of
  ExxonMobil Upstream Research Company September 1, 2010 –
  October 31, 2016. She became President of XTO Energy Inc. on
  November 1, 2016, a position she  continues to hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   David S. Rosenthal 
   
  
   Vice President and
  Controller 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   October 1, 2008 (Vice President) 
   September 1, 2014
  (Controller) 
   
  
     
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. David S. Rosenthal was
  Vice President – Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  October 1, 2008 – August 31, 2014. He became Vice
  President and Controller of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  September 1, 2014, positions he  continues to hold as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 



   


 


 29   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
   Robert N.
  Schleckser 
   
  
   Vice President and
  Treasurer 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   May 1, 2011 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Robert N. Schleckser became
  Vice President and Treasurer of Exxon Mobil Corporation on May 1, 2011,
  positions he  continues to
  hold  as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   James M. Spellings, Jr. 
   
  
   Vice President and
  General Tax Counsel 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 57 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. James M. Spellings, Jr.
  became Vice President and General Tax Counsel of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  March 1, 2010, positions he  continues to hold  as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   John R. Verity 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 60 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. John R. Verity was Vice
  President, Polyolefins, ExxonMobil Chemical Company October 17, 2008 – March
  31, 2014. He was Vice President, Plastics & Resins, ExxonMobil Chemical
  Company April 1, 2014 – December 31, 2014. He was Senior Vice President,
  Polymers, ExxonMobil Chemical Company January 1, 2015 – December 31, 2017. He
  became President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company and Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2018, positions he continues to hold as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. 
   
  
   Vice President –
  Corporate Strategic Planning 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   August 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. was
  President of ExxonMobil Research and Engineering Company April 1, 2011 – July
  31, 2017. He became Vice President – Corporate Strategic Planning of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on August 1, 2017, a position he continues to hold as of this
  filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Officers are generally elected by the
Board of Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual election of
directors, with each such officer serving until a successor has been elected
and qualified.  


 


 30   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART II 

 Item 5.        Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Reference
is made to the “Quarterly Information” portion of the Financial Section of this
report and Item 12 in Part III of this report.  

   

 
  
   
   Issuer Purchases of
  Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchased as 
   
  
   Maximum Number 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Part of Publicly 
   
  
   of Shares that May 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
   Average Price 
   
  
   Announced  
   
  
   Yet Be Purchased 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
   Paid per 
   
  
   Plans or  
   
  
   Under the Plans or 
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Purchased 
   
  
   Share 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
 
   
   October 2018 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 2018 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 2018 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (See Note 1) 
   
  
 



   

 During the fourth quarter, the Corporation did not purchase
any shares of its common stock for the treasury, and did not issue or sell any unregistered
equity securities. 

 Note 1 - On August 1, 2000, the Corporation announced its
intention to resume purchases of shares of its common stock for the treasury
both to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit plans and
programs and to gradually reduce the number of shares outstanding. The
announcement did not specify an amount or expiration date. The Corporation has
continued to purchase shares since this announcement and to report purchased
volumes in its quarterly earnings releases. In its earnings release dated February
2, 2016, the Corporation stated it will continue to acquire shares to offset
dilution in conjunction with benefit plans and programs, but had suspended
making purchases to reduce shares outstanding effective beginning the first
quarter of 2016. 

   

 Item 6.        Selected Financial Data 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share
  amounts)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  
   
  
     
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   367,647 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Item 7.        Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Financial
Section of this report. 

 Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Market Risks,
Inflation and Other Uncertainties”, excluding the part entitled “Inflation and
Other Uncertainties”, in the Financial Section of this report. All statements,
other than historical information incorporated in this Item 7A, are
forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could
differ materially due to, among other things, factors discussed in this report.
 


 


 31   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 8.        Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reference is made to the following in the
Financial Section of this report:   

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   Consolidated financial statements,
  together with the report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated
  February 27, 2019, beginning with the section entitled “Report of
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and continuing through
  “Note 19: Income and Other Taxes”;  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Quarterly Information” (unaudited);  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas
  Exploration and Production Activities” (unaudited); and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Frequently Used Terms” (unaudited).  
   
  
 



 Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because
they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

   

 Item 9.        Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

   

 Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures 

 Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

 As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this
report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2018. Based on that
evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to
be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and
communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding
required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.  

 Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

 Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the
Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2018.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, as stated in
their report included in the Financial Section of this report.  

 Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

 There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal
quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.  

   

 Item 9B.     Other Information 

 None. 


 


 32   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART III 

 Item 10.      Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Reference is made to the section of this
report titled “Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to Instruction 3
to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)]”. 

 Incorporated by reference to the following
from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of
shareholders (the “2019 Proxy Statement”):  

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The section entitled “Election of
  Directors”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portion entitled “Section 16(a)
  Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” of the section entitled “Director
  and Executive Officer Stock Ownership”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portions entitled “Director
  Qualifications”, “Board Succession” and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct”
  of the section entitled “Corporate Governance”; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The “Audit Committee” portion, “Director
  Independence” portion and the membership table of the portions entitled
  “Board Meetings and Annual Meeting Attendance” and “Board Committees” of the
  section entitled “Corporate Governance”. 
   
  
 



 Item 11.      Executive Compensation 

 Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled
“Director Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis”, “Executive Compensation Tables” and “Pay Ratio” of
the registrant’s 2019 Proxy Statement.  

   

 Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K
is incorporated by reference to the sections “Director and Executive Officer
Stock Ownership” and “Certain Beneficial Owners” of the registrant’s 2019 Proxy
Statement.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Equity Compensation Plan Information 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Remaining Available  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Future Issuance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise Price  
   
  
     
   
  
    Under Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    to be Issued Upon  
   
  
     
   
  
   of Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
    Compensation  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans [Excluding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Warrants and  
   
  
     
   
  
   Securities Reflected  
   
  
 
   
   Plan Category 
   
  
   Warrants and Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Column (a)] 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
  
   39,847,820 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,918,471 
   
  
   (2)(3) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   39,847,820 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,918,471 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The number of restricted stock units
to be settled in shares.  

 (2)   Available shares can be granted in
the form of restricted stock, options, or other stock-based awards. Includes 82,444,271 shares
available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program and 474,200 shares
available for award under the 2004 Non‑Employee Director Restricted Stock
Plan.  

 (3)   Under the 2004 Non-Employee Director
Restricted Stock Plan approved by shareholders in May 2004, and the related
standing resolution adopted by the Board, each non-employee director
automatically receives 8,000 shares of restricted stock when first elected to
the Board and, if the director remains in office, an additional 2,500
restricted shares each following year. While on the Board, each non-employee
director receives the same cash dividends on restricted shares as a holder of
regular common stock, but the director is not allowed to sell the shares. The
restricted shares may be forfeited if the director leaves the Board early.  


 


 33   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 13.      Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Incorporated by reference to the portions entitled “Related
Person Transactions and Procedures” and “Director Independence” of the section
entitled “Corporate Governance” of the registrant’s 2019 Proxy Statement.  

   

 Item 14.      Principal Accounting
Fees and Services 

 Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit
Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section
entitled “Ratification of Independent Auditors” of the registrant’s 2019 Proxy
Statement.  

   

 PART IV 

 Item 15.      Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules 

 (a)       (1) and
(2) Financial Statements:  

            See Table of Contents
of the Financial Section of this report.  

 (a)       (3)
Exhibits:  

            See Index to Exhibits
of this report.  

   

 Item 16.      FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 


 


 34   


 
 

 


   


 
 FINANCIAL
SECTION 

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Profile 
   
  
     36  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financial Information 
   
  
     37  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Frequently Used Terms 
   
  
     38  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quarterly Information 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition  
   and Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Functional Earnings 
   
  
     41  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Forward-Looking
  Statements 
   
  
     41  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Overview 
   
  
     41  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Environment
  and Risk Assessment 
   
  
     42  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Review of 2018 and
  2017 Results 
   
  
     46  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liquidity and Capital
  Resources 
   
  
     50  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capital and
  Exploration Expenditures 
   
  
     54  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes 
   
  
     55  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Environmental Matters 
   
  
     56  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Market Risks,
  Inflation and Other Uncertainties 
   
  
     56  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Recently Issued
  Accounting
  Standards                                                              
   
  
     58  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Critical Accounting
  Estimates 
   
  
     58  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Report
  on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
   
  
     63  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Report of Independent
  Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
     64  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Income 
   
  
     66  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
     67  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet 
   
  
     68  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Cash
  Flows 
   
  
     69  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Changes
  in Equity 
   
  
     70  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     1.
  Summary of Accounting Policies 
   
  
     71  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     2.
  Accounting Changes 
   
  
     75  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     3. Miscellaneous
  Financial Information 
   
  
     76  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     4. Other
  Comprehensive Income Information 
   
  
     77  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     5. Cash
  Flow Information 
   
  
     78  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     6.
  Additional Working Capital Information 
   
  
     78  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     7. Equity
  Company Information 
   
  
     79  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     8.
  Investments, Advances and Long-Term Receivables 
   
  
     81  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     9.
  Property, Plant and Equipment and Asset Retirement Obligations 
   
  
     81  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   10. Accounting for
  Suspended Exploratory Well Costs 
   
  
     83  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   11. Leased Facilities 
   
  
     85  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   12. Earnings Per
  Share 
   
  
     86  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   13. Financial Instruments
  and Derivatives 
   
  
     86  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   14. Long-Term Debt 
   
  
     88  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   15. Incentive Program 
   
  
     89  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   16. Litigation and
  Other Contingencies 
   
  
     90  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   17. Pension and Other
  Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
     92  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   18. Disclosures about
  Segments and Related Information 
   
  
     100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   19. Income and Other
  Taxes 
   
  
     103 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas
  Exploration and Production Activities 
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating Information 
   
  
     122 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 










 


 35   


 
 

 


 BUSINESS PROFILE 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings After 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,979 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   177,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,695 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,186 
   
  
     
   
  
   823 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,740 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,524 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,660) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,073) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   222,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,080 
   
  
 



   

 See Frequently Used Terms for a definition
and calculation of capital employed and return on average capital employed. 

 
 
 
   

 
  
   
   Operating 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liquids
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   551 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   1,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   2,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,783 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   2,266 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   4,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,936 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   6,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,275 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   3,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,340 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   9,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   5,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of
  oil-equivalent barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent production  (1)  
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical prime product sales 
   (2) (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,307 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   17,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,113 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   26,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    
  Natural gas is
converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand
barrels. 

 (2)    
  Petroleum
product and chemical prime product sales data reported net of purchases/sales
contracts with the same counterparty. 

 (3)    
  Prime product
sales are total product sales including ExxonMobil’s share of equity company
volumes and finished-product transfers to the Downstream. 

    



 
  




 


 36   


 
 

 


 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except where stated
  otherwise) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  
   
  
     
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   367,647 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,548 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings to
  average ExxonMobil share of equity (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Working capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,723) 
   
  
 
   
   Ratio of current
  assets to current liabilities (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.84 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.82 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.82 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,256 
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment, less allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   247,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,669 
   
  
 
   
   Research and
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,336 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,121 
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital
  (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9 
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to
  capital (percent)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   14.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity at year-end 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity per common share (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.51 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  number of common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   outstanding
  (millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,282 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  regular employees at year-end (thousands)  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   71.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   75.3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Debt net of cash. 

 (2)   Regular employees are defined as
active executive, management, professional, technical and wage employees who
work full time or part time for the Corporation and are covered by the
Corporation’s benefit plans and programs. Regular employees do not include
employees of the company-operated retail sites (CORS). The number of CORS
employees is not significant. 

    



 
  




 


 37   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
 Listed below are definitions of several of ExxonMobil’s key
business and financial performance measures. These definitions are provided to
facilitate understanding of the terms and their calculation.  

 Cash Flow From Operations and Asset Sales  

 Cash
flow from operations and asset sales is the sum of the net cash provided by
operating activities and proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries,
property, plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments from the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This cash flow reflects the total sources
of cash from both operating the Corporation’s assets and from the divesting of
assets. The Corporation employs a long-standing and regular disciplined review
process to ensure that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s
strategic objectives. Assets are divested when they are no longer meeting these
objectives or are worth considerably more to others. Because of the regular
nature of this activity, we believe it is useful for investors to consider
proceeds associated with asset sales together with cash provided by operating
activities when evaluating cash available for investment in the business and
financing activities, including shareholder distributions.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Cash flow
  from operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and sales and
  returns of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,275 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash flow from
  operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,357 
   
  
 



   

 Capital Employed  

 Capital
employed is a measure of net investment. When viewed from the perspective of
how the capital is used by the businesses, it includes ExxonMobil’s net share
of property, plant and equipment and other assets less liabilities, excluding
both short-term and long-term debt. When viewed from the perspective of the
sources of capital employed in total for the Corporation, it includes
ExxonMobil’s share of total debt and equity. Both of these views include
ExxonMobil’s share of amounts applicable to equity companies, which the
Corporation believes should be included to provide a more comprehensive measure
of capital employed.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Business uses:
  asset and liability perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
 
   
   Less liabilities
  and noncontrolling interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities excluding notes and loans payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39,880) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39,841) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33,808) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  liabilities excluding long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,992) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (72,014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79,914) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,958) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,031) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of debt-financed equity company net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,794 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total corporate
  sources: debt and equity perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,830 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
 
   
   Less
  noncontrolling interests share of total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,486) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,526) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of equity company debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,794 
   
  
 




 


 38   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
 Return on Average Capital Employed  

 Return
on average capital employed (ROCE) is a performance measure ratio. From the
perspective of the business segments, ROCE is annual business segment earnings
divided by average business segment capital employed (average of beginning and
end-of-year amounts). These segment earnings include ExxonMobil’s share of
segment earnings of equity companies, consistent with our capital employed
definition, and exclude the cost of financing. The Corporation’s total ROCE is
net income attributable to ExxonMobil excluding the after-tax cost of
financing, divided by total corporate average capital employed. The Corporation
has consistently applied its ROCE definition for many years and views it as the
best measure of historical capital productivity in our capital-intensive,
long-term industry, both to evaluate management’s performance and to
demonstrate to shareholders that capital has been used wisely over the long
term. Additional measures, which are more cash flow based, are used to make
investment decisions.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Return on
  average capital employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable
  to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
   Financing costs
  (after tax) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
  third-party debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (709) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (683) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other
  financing costs – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total financing
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (606) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (398) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (485) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings
  excluding financing costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   222,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,226 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  average capital employed – corporate total 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9% 
   
  
 











 


 39   


 
 

 


 QUARTERLY INFORMATION  

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   natural gas
  liquids, 
   
  
   2,216 
   
  
   2,212 
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
   2,266 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,333 
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
   2,280 
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   synthetic oil and
  bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   4,293 
   
  
   4,105 
   
  
   4,392 
   
  
   4,298 
   
  
   4,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,324 
   
  
   4,345 
   
  
   4,287 
   
  
   4,207 
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum product
  sales  (1)  
   
  
   5,432 
   
  
   5,502 
   
  
   5,616 
   
  
   5,495 
   
  
   5,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,395 
   
  
   5,558 
   
  
   5,542 
   
  
   5,624 
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   available for
  sale 
   
  
   10,038 
   
  
   8,613 
   
  
   9,001 
   
  
   9,974 
   
  
   9,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,908 
   
  
   9,920 
   
  
   9,585 
   
  
   10,441 
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production  (2)  
   
  
   3,889 
   
  
   3,647 
   
  
   3,786 
   
  
   4,010 
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,151 
   
  
   3,922 
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
   3,991 
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (1)  
   
  
   6,668 
   
  
   6,852 
   
  
   6,677 
   
  
   6,672 
   
  
   26,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,072 
   
  
   6,120 
   
  
   6,446 
   
  
   6,782 
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Summarized
  financial data 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating 
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   revenue  
   
  
   65,436 
   
  
   71,456 
   
  
   74,187 
   
  
   68,253 
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,474 
   
  
   56,026 
   
  
   59,350 
   
  
   65,312 
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
 
   
   Gross profit  (3)  
   
  
   16,187 
   
  
   16,622 
   
  
   18,656 
   
  
   16,268 
   
  
   67,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,030 
   
  
   13,120 
   
  
   15,086 
   
  
   14,126 
   
  
   56,362 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil (4)  
   
  
   4,650 
   
  
   3,950 
   
  
   6,240 
   
  
   6,000 
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,010 
   
  
   3,350 
   
  
   3,970 
   
  
   8,380 
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Per share data 
   
  
   (dollars per share) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (5)  
   
  
   1.09 
   
  
   0.92 
   
  
   1.46 
   
  
   1.41 
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.95 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.93 
   
  
   1.97 
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   – assuming
  dilution  (5)  
   
  
   1.09 
   
  
   0.92 
   
  
   1.46 
   
  
   1.41 
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.95 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.93 
   
  
   1.97 
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty. 

 (2)   Natural gas is converted to an
oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand
barrels.  

 (3)   Gross profit equals sales and other
operating revenue less estimated costs associated with products sold. Effective
January 1, 2018, the Corporation adopted the Accounting Standard Update,
Compensation – Retirement Benefits (Topic 715 ): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic
Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost which requires
separate presentation of the non-service cost components of net benefit costs
and increased previously reported gross profit by $279 million for first
quarter 2017, $347 million for second quarter 2017, $382 million for third
quarter 2017, and $430 million for fourth quarter 2017. See Note 2 to the
financial statements, Accounting Changes. 

 (4)   Fourth quarter 2018 included an impairment
charge of $429 million. Fourth quarter 2017 included a U.S. tax reform impact
of $5,942 million and an impairment charge of $1,294 million.  

 (5)   Computed using the average number of
shares outstanding during each period. The sum of the four quarters may not add
to the full year.  

   

 The
principal market where ExxonMobil common stock (XOM) is traded is the New York
Stock Exchange, although the stock is traded on other exchanges in and
outside the United States.  

 There
were 371,146 registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock at
December 31, 2018. At January 31, 2019, the registered shareholders
of ExxonMobil common stock numbered 370,064.  

 On January 30,
2019, the Corporation declared a $0.82 dividend per common share, payable March
11, 2019. 



 
  




 


 40   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   FUNCTIONAL EARNINGS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings
  (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 



   

 References in this discussion to total
corporate earnings mean net income attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) from
the consolidated income statement. Unless otherwise indicated, references to
earnings, Upstream, Downstream, Chemical and Corporate and financing segment
earnings, and earnings per share are ExxonMobil’s share after excluding amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

 
 
 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 Statements
in this discussion regarding expectations, plans and future events or
conditions are forward-looking statements. Actual future financial and
operating results or conditions, including demand growth and energy source,
supply and mix; government policies relating to climate change, foreign relations
and taxation; project plans, capacities, schedules and costs; production growth
and mix; rates of field decline; asset carrying values; proved reserves;
financing sources; the resolution of contingencies and uncertain tax positions;
and environmental and capital expenditures; could differ materially depending
on a number of factors, such as changes in the supply of and demand for crude
oil, natural gas, and petroleum and petrochemical products and resulting price
impacts; the outcome of commercial negotiations; the impact of fiscal and
commercial terms; political or regulatory events; the outcome of exploration
and development projects; technological developments; and other factors
discussed herein and in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The
term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different
activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government
payment transparency reports. 

   

 OVERVIEW  

 The
following discussion and analysis of ExxonMobil’s financial results, as well as
the accompanying financial statements and related notes to consolidated
financial statements to which they refer, are the responsibility of the
management of Exxon Mobil Corporation. The Corporation’s accounting and financial
reporting fairly reflect its integrated business model involving exploration
for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas and manufacture, trade, transport
and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and a
wide variety of specialty products.  

 ExxonMobil,
with its resource base, financial strength, disciplined investment approach and
technology portfolio, is well‑positioned to participate in substantial
investments to develop new energy supplies. The company’s integrated business
model, with significant investments in Upstream, Downstream and Chemical
segments, reduces the Corporation’s risk from changes in commodity prices. While
commodity prices depend on supply and demand and may be volatile on a
short-term basis, ExxonMobil’s investment decisions are grounded on
fundamentals reflected in our long-term business outlook, and use a disciplined
approach in selecting and pursuing the most attractive investment
opportunities. The corporate plan is a fundamental annual management process
that is the basis for setting near-term operating and capital objectives in
addition to providing the longer-term economic assumptions used for investment
evaluation purposes. Volumes are based on individual field production profiles,
which are also updated annually. Price ranges for crude oil, natural gas,
refined products, and chemical products are based on corporate plan assumptions
developed annually by major region and are utilized for investment evaluation
purposes. Major investment opportunities are evaluated over a range of potential
market conditions. Once major investments are made, a reappraisal process is
completed to ensure relevant lessons are learned and improvements are
incorporated into future projects.  


 


 41   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RISK ASSESSMENT  

 Long-Term Business Outlook  

 The
Long-Term Business Outlook is based on the Corporation’s 2018  Outlook for
Energy , which is used to help inform our long term business strategies and
investment plans. By 2040, the world’s population is projected at around 9.2
billion people, or about 1.7 billion more than in 2016. Coincident with this
population increase, the Corporation expects worldwide economic growth to
average close to 3 percent per year, with economic output nearly doubling by
2040. As economies and populations grow, and as living standards improve for
billions of people, the need for energy is expected to continue to rise. Even
with significant efficiency gains, global energy demand is projected to rise by
about 25 percent from 2016 to 2040. This increase in energy demand is expected
to be driven by developing countries (i.e., those that are not member nations
of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)). 

 As
expanding prosperity helps drive global energy demand higher, increasing use of
energy efficient technologies and practices as well as lower-emission fuels
will continue to help significantly reduce energy consumption and emissions per
unit of economic output over time. Substantial efficiency gains are likely in
all key aspects of the world’s economy through 2040, affecting energy
requirements for power generation, transportation, industrial applications, and
residential and commercial needs. 

 Global
electricity demand is expected to increase approximately 60 percent from 2016
to 2040, with developing countries likely to account for about 85 percent of
the increase. Consistent with this projection, power generation is expected to
remain the largest and fastest growing major segment of global primary energy
demand, supported by a wide variety of energy sources. The share of coal fired
generation is likely to decline substantially and approach 25 percent of the
world’s electricity in 2040, versus nearly 40 percent in 2016, in part as a
result of policies to improve air quality as well as reduce greenhouse gas emissions
to address the risks of climate change. From 2016 to 2040, the amount of
electricity supplied using natural gas, nuclear power, and renewables is likely
to nearly double, and account for about 95 percent of the growth in electricity
supplies. Electricity from wind and solar is likely to increase about 400
percent, helping total renewables (including other sources, e.g. hydropower) to
account for about half of the increase in electricity supplies worldwide
through 2040. Total renewables will likely reach nearly 35 percent of global
electricity supplies by 2040. Natural gas and nuclear are also expected to
increase shares over the period to 2040, reaching about 25 percent and 12
percent of global electricity supplies respectively by 2040. Supplies of electricity
by energy type will reflect significant differences across regions reflecting a
wide range of factors including the cost and availability of various energy
supplies. 

 Energy
for transportation – including cars, trucks, ships, trains and airplanes – is
expected to increase approximately 30 percent from 2016 to 2040. Transportation
energy demand is likely to account for approximately 60 percent of the growth
in liquid fuels demand worldwide over this period. Liquid fuels demand for
light-duty vehicles is expected to remain relatively flat to 2040 as the impact
of better fuel economy and significant growth in electric cars, led by China,
Europe, and the United States, work to offset growth in the worldwide car fleet
of about 75 percent. By 2040, light-duty vehicles are expected to account for
about 20 percent of global liquid fuels demand. During the same time period, nearly
all the world’s transportation fleets are likely to continue to run on liquid
fuels, which are widely available and offer practical advantages in providing a
large quantity of energy in small volumes. 

 Liquid
fuels provide the largest share of global energy supplies today reflecting
broad-based availability, affordability, ease of transportation, and fitness as
a practical solution to meet a wide variety of needs. By 2040, global demand
for liquid fuels is projected to grow to approximately 118 million barrels of
oil equivalent per day, an increase of about 20 percent from 2016. The non-OECD
share of global liquid fuels demand is expected to increase to about 65 percent
by 2040, as liquid fuels demand in the OECD is likely to decline by close to 10
percent. Much of the global liquid fuels demand today is met by crude
production from traditional conventional sources; these supplies will remain
important and significant development activity is expected to offset much of
the natural declines from these fields. At the same time, a variety of emerging
supply sources – including tight oil, deepwater, oil sands, natural gas liquids
and biofuels – are expected to grow to help meet rising demand. The world’s
resource base is sufficient to meet projected demand through 2040 as technology
advances continue to expand the availability of economic supply options.
However, timely investments will remain critical to meeting global needs with
reliable and affordable supplies. 

 Natural
gas is a versatile and practical fuel for a wide variety of applications, and
it is expected to grow the most of any primary energy type from 2016 to 2040,
meeting more than 35 percent of global energy demand growth. Global natural gas
demand is expected to rise nearly 40 percent from 2016 to 2040, with about 45
percent of that increase in the Asia Pacific region. Significant growth in supplies
of unconventional gas – the natural gas found in shale and other tight rock
formations – will help meet these needs. In total, about 55 percent of the
growth in natural gas supplies is expected to be from unconventional sources.
At the same time, conventionally-produced natural gas is likely to remain the
cornerstone of global supply, meeting about two-thirds of worldwide demand in
2040. Liquefied natural gas (LNG) trade will expand significantly, meeting
about one-third of the increase in global demand growth, with much of this
supply expected to help meet rising demand in Asia Pacific. 


 


 42   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The world’s energy mix is highly diverse
and will remain so through 2040. Oil is expected to remain the largest source
of energy with its share remaining close to one third in 2040. Coal is
currently the second largest source of energy, but it is likely to lose that
position to natural gas in the 2020-2025 timeframe. The share of natural gas is
expected to reach 25 percent by 2040, while the share of coal falls to about 20
percent. Nuclear power is projected to grow significantly, as many nations are
likely to expand nuclear capacity to address rising electricity needs as well
as energy security and environmental issues. Total renewable energy is likely
to exceed 15 percent of global energy by 2040, with biomass, hydro and
geothermal contributing a combined share of more than 10 percent. Total energy
supplied from wind, solar and biofuels is expected to increase rapidly, growing
nearly 250 percent from 2016 to 2040, when they will likely be about 5 percent
of the world energy mix. 

 The
Corporation anticipates that the world’s available oil and gas resource base
will grow not only from new discoveries, but also from increases in previously
discovered fields. Technology will underpin these increases. The investments to
develop and supply resources to meet global demand through 2040 will be
significant – even if demand remains flat. This reflects a fundamental aspect
of the oil and natural gas business, in that, as the International Energy
Agency (IEA) notes in its  World Energy Outlook 2018 , a “key underlying
driver for new investment is declining output from existing fields.” According
to the IEA’s New Policies Scenario, the investment required to meet oil and
natural gas supply requirements worldwide over the period 2018-2040 will be
about $21 trillion (measured in 2017 dollars) or approximately $900 billion per
year on average. 

 International
accords and underlying regional and national regulations covering greenhouse
gas emissions continue to evolve with uncertain timing and outcome, making it
difficult to predict their business impact. For many years, the Corporation has
taken into account policies established to reduce energy related greenhouse gas
emissions in its long-term  Outlook for Energy . The climate accord
reached at the Conference of the Parties (COP 21) in Paris set many new goals,
and many related policies are still emerging. Our  Outlook   reflects an
environment with increasingly stringent climate policies and is consistent with
the aggregation of Nationally Determined Contributions which were submitted by
signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
(UNFCCC) 2015 Paris Agreement. Our  Outlook   seeks to identify potential
impacts of climate related policies, which often target specific sectors. It
estimates potential impacts of these policies on consumer energy demand by
using various assumptions and tools – including, depending on the sector, application
of a proxy cost of carbon or assessment of targeted policies (e.g. automotive
fuel economy standards). For purposes of the  Outlook , a proxy cost on
energy-related CO 2  emissions is assumed to reach about $80 per tonne
on average in 2040 in OECD nations. China and other leading non-OECD nations
are expected to trail OECD policy initiatives. Nevertheless, as people and
nations look for ways to reduce risks of global climate change, they will
continue to need practical solutions that do not jeopardize the affordability
or reliability of the energy they need.  

 Practical
solutions to the world’s energy and climate challenges will benefit from market
competition as well as well informed, well designed, and transparent policy
approaches that carefully weigh costs and benefits. Such policies are likely to
help manage the risks of climate change while also enabling societies to pursue
other high priority goals around the world – including clean air and water,
access to reliable, affordable energy, and economic progress for all people.
All practical and economically-viable energy sources, both conventional and
unconventional, will need to be pursued to continue meeting global energy
demand, recognizing the scale and variety of worldwide energy needs as well as
the importance of expanding access to modern energy to promote better standards
of living for billions of people.  

 The
information provided in the Long-Term Business Outlook includes ExxonMobil’s
internal estimates and forecasts based upon internal data and analyses as well
as publicly available information from external sources including the
International Energy Agency. 

   

 Upstream  

 ExxonMobil
continues to sustain a diverse growth portfolio of exploration and development
opportunities, which enables the Corporation to be selective, maximizing
shareholder value and mitigating political and technical risks. ExxonMobil’s
fundamental strategies guide our global Upstream business, including capturing
material and accretive opportunities to continually high-grade the resource
portfolio, selectively developing attractive oil and natural gas resources,
developing and applying high-impact technologies, and pursuing productivity and
efficiency gains. These strategies are underpinned by a relentless focus on
operational excellence, development of our employees, and investment in the
communities within which we operate.  

 As
future development projects and drilling activities bring new production
online, the Corporation expects a shift in the geographic mix and in the type
of opportunities from which volumes are produced. Based on current investment
plans, oil-equivalent production from the Americas is expected to increase to
be a majority of total production over the next several years. Further, the
proportion of our global production from unconventional, deepwater, and LNG
resource types, currently contributes over a third of global production, and is
expected to grow to be more than half in the next few years. 

 
  

   


 


 43   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The Corporation anticipates several
projects will come online over the next few years providing additional
production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to
the timing of individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir
performance; performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes;
the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price
effects on production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of
capital investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price
environment; and other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

 The
markets for crude oil and natural gas have a history of significant price
volatility. ExxonMobil believes prices over the long term will continue to be
driven by market supply and demand, with the demand side largely being a
function of general economic activities, levels of prosperity, technology
advances, consumer preference and government policies. On the supply side,
prices may be significantly impacted by political events, the actions of OPEC
and other large government resource owners, and other factors. To manage the
risks associated with price, ExxonMobil evaluates annual plans and major
investments across a range of price scenarios.  

 In
2018, the Upstream business produced 3.8 million oil-equivalent barrels per day.
During the year, the Corporation added 4.5 billion oil-equivalent barrels of proved
reserves. The Corporation continued to have exploration success in Guyana and
also made strategic acreage acquisitions in Mozambique, Brazil, Papua New
Guinea and U.S. tight oil. 

   

 Downstream  

 ExxonMobil’s
Downstream is a large, diversified business with global logistics, trading,
refining, and marketing. The Corporation has a presence with established
markets in the Americas and Europe, as well as in the growing Asia Pacific
region. 

 ExxonMobil’s
fundamental Downstream business strategies competitively position the company
across a range of market conditions. These strategies include targeting best in
class operations in all aspects of the business, maximizing value from advanced
technologies, capitalizing on integration across ExxonMobil businesses,
selectively investing for resilient, advantaged returns, operating efficiently
and effectively, and providing quality, valued and differentiated products and
services to customers.  

 ExxonMobil’s
operating results, as noted in Item 2. Properties, reflect 21 refineries,
located in 14 countries, with distillation capacity of 4.7 million barrels per
day and lubricant basestock manufacturing capacity of 128 thousand barrels per
day. ExxonMobil’s fuels and lubes value chains have significant global reach,
with multiple channels to market serving a diverse customer base. Our portfolio
of world-renowned brands includes  Exxon, Mobil, Esso, Synergy,  and  Mobil
1 .   

 Demand
for products continued to grow in 2018. North America’s margins strengthened
and refineries within the region also benefitted from crude differentials
associated with the Permian Basin and Western Canada. Margins in Europe and
Asia weakened under pressure from lower cost production from North America and
increased product exports from China. In the near term, we see variability in
refining margins as new capacity additions are expected to outpace capacity
rationalization and growth in global demand, which can also be affected by
global economic conditions and regulatory changes. 

 Refining
margins are largely driven by differences in commodity prices and are a
function of the difference between what a refinery pays for its raw materials
(primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the range of products produced
(primarily gasoline, heating oil, diesel oil, jet fuel and fuel oil). Crude oil
and many products are widely traded with published prices, including those
quoted on multiple exchanges around the world (e.g., New York Mercantile
Exchange and Intercontinental Exchange). Prices for these commodities are
determined by the global marketplace and are influenced by many factors,
including global and regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels,
industry refinery operations, import/export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal
demand, weather, and political climate.  

 ExxonMobil’s
long term outlook is that industry refining margins will remain volatile subject
to the pace of new capacity growth relative to global demand growth.
ExxonMobil’s integration including logistics, trading, refining, and marketing
enhances our ability to generate returns across the value chain in both fuels
and lubricants businesses. 

 As
described in more detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors, proposed carbon policy and
other climate related regulations in many countries, as well as the continued
growth in biofuels mandates, could have negative impacts on the Downstream
business.  


 


 44   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 ExxonMobil continued to progress the
multi-year transition of the direct served (i.e., dealer, company operated)
retail network in portions of Europe to a more capital efficient Branded
Wholesaler model. The lubricants business continues to grow, leveraging world
class brands and integration with industry leading basestock refining
capability. Through the Mobil Branded properties, such as  Mobil 1 , Mobil
is the worldwide leader among synthetic motors oils.  

 The
Downstream portfolio is continually evaluated during all parts of the business
cycle, and numerous asset divestments have been made over the past decade. When
investing in the Downstream, ExxonMobil remains focused on selective and
resilient projects. At the end of 2018, three key projects are in operation
with the new delayed coker unit at the refinery in Antwerp, Belgium, to upgrade
low value bunker fuel into higher value diesel products, and the proprietary
hydrocracker at the refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, to produce higher value
ultra-low sulfur diesel and Group II basestocks. Finally, the new hydrofiner at
the Beaumont, Texas, refinery was completed, which increases production of
ultra-low sulfur fuels by approximately 40,000 barrels per day. 

   

 Chemical  

 ExxonMobil
is a major manufacturer and marketer of petrochemicals and a wide variety of
specialty products. ExxonMobil sustains its competitive advantage through
continued operational excellence, investment and cost discipline, a balanced
portfolio of products, and integration with downstream and upstream operations,
all underpinned by proprietary technology. 

 Demand
for products continued to grow in 2018. Polyolefin and specialty product
margins weakened with capacity additions outpacing global demand growth.  

 Over
the long term, demand for chemical products is forecast to outpace growth in
global GDP and energy demand for the next two decades. ExxonMobil estimates
that global demand for chemicals will rise by approximately 45 percent over the
next decade. ExxonMobil’s integration with refining enhances our ability to
generate returns across the value chain in chemical businesses. 

 In
2018, we completed start-up of the new world-scale ethane cracker in Baytown,
Texas, the specialty elastomer plant expansion in Newport, Wales, and the new
halobutyl rubber unit in Singapore to further extend our specialty product
capacity. Construction continues on the expansion of the polyethylene plant in
Beaumont, Texas, with startup anticipated in 2019, to capitalize on advantaged
feedstock and energy supplies in North America and to meet rapidly growing
demand for performance polymers. Work continues to integrate the Singapore
Banyan Aromatics unit, acquired in 2017, with our other Singapore facilities to
meet growing demand for chemicals products in Asia Pacific. In addition,
ExxonMobil announced plans for a flexible-feed cracker in Guangdong Province,
China, and a joint venture ethane cracker and associated products with SABIC to
be located in San Patricio County, Texas.  


 


 45   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   REVIEW OF 2018 AND 2017 RESULTS  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 



 
 
   

 
  
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
 



   

 2018  

 Upstream earnings were
$14,079 million, up $724 million from 2017.  

 ·         
  Higher realizations increased
earnings by $7 billion.  

 ·         
  Unfavorable volume and
mix effects decreased earnings by $240 million.  

 ·         
  All other items
decreased earnings by $6.1 billion, primarily due to lower favorable
impacts of $6.9 billion from U.S. tax reform, partly offset by lower asset
impairments of $1.1 billion.  

 ·         
  U.S. Upstream earnings
were $1,739 million, including asset impairments of $297 million.  

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Upstream earnings were $12,340 million, including a favorable impact of
$271 million from U.S. tax reform. 

 ·         
  On an oil‑equivalent
basis, production of 3.8 million barrels per day was down 4 percent
compared to 2017.  

 ·         
  Liquids production of
2.3 million barrels per day decreased 17,000 barrels per day as growth
in North America was more than offset by decline, lower entitlements, and
divestments.  

 ·         
  Natural gas production
of 9.4 billion cubic feet per day decreased 806 million cubic feet
per day from 2017 due to decline, lower entitlements, divestments, and higher
downtime.  

   

 2017  

 Upstream earnings were
$13,355 million, up $13,159 million from 2016.  

 ·         
  Higher realizations
increased earnings by $5.3 billion.  

 ·         
  Unfavorable volume and
mix effects decreased earnings by $440 million.  

 ·         
  All other items
increased earnings by $8.3 billion, primarily due to the $7.1 billion
non‑cash impact from U.S. tax reform, lower asset impairments of $659 million,
lower expenses, and gains from asset management activity.  

 ·         
  U.S. Upstream earnings
were $6,622 million in 2017, including $7.6 billion of U.S. tax
reform benefits and asset impairments of $521 million.  

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Upstream earnings were $6,733 million, including asset impairments of $983
million and unfavorable impacts of $480 million from U.S. tax reform. 

 ·         
  On an oil‑equivalent
basis, production of 4 million barrels per day was down 2 percent
compared to 2016.  

 ·         
  Liquids production of
2.3 million barrels per day decreased 82,000 barrels per day as field
decline and lower entitlements were partly offset by increased project volumes
and work programs.  

 ·         
  Natural gas production
of 10.2 billion cubic feet per day increased 84 million cubic feet
per day from 2016 as project ramp‑up, primarily in Australia, was partly
offset by field decline and regulatory restrictions in the Netherlands.  


 


 46   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Upstream Additional Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes
  Reconciliation  (Oil-equivalent
  production)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Net Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Price / Spend / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quotas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Growth / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Current Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) Natural
  gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one
  thousand barrels. 
   
  
 



   

 Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes
reconciliation factors which are provided to facilitate understanding of the
terms. 

   

 Entitlements - Net Interest  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume‑determining
factors. These factors consist of net interest changes specified in Production
Sharing Contracts (PSCs) which typically occur when cumulative investment
returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity
upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity
redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the
termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred,
it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil
prices. 

   

 Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational
volume-determining factors. These factors include changes in oil and gas prices
or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of
contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending
variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes
attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are
required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from
period to period with field spending patterns or market prices for oil and
natural gas. Such factors can also include other temporary changes in net
interest as dictated by specific provisions in production agreements. 

   

 Quotas  are changes in ExxonMobil’s allowable production arising
from production constraints imposed by countries which are members of the
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Volumes reported in
this category would have been readily producible in the absence of the quota. 

   

 Divestments  are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production
arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity in a
field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.  

   

 Growth and Other  factors comprise all other operational
and non-operational factors not covered by the above definitions that may
affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such factors include, but are not
limited to, production enhancements from project and work program activities,
acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand,
natural field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect
entitlements. 


 


 47   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
 



   

 2018  

 Downstream earnings of $6,010 million
increased $413 million from 2017.  

 ·         
  Margins increased
earnings by $660 million primarily due to the capture of North American crude
differentials. 

 ·         
  Volume and mix effects
increased earnings by $650 million due to improved yield/sales mix.  

 ·         
  All other items
decreased earnings by $900 million, mainly driven by the absence of
favorable U.S. tax reform impacts of $618 million, unfavorable foreign exchange
impacts, and higher downtime/maintenance, partly offset by higher divestment
gains and favorable tax impacts. 

 ·         
  U.S. Downstream
earnings were $2,962 million, compared to $1,948 million in the prior year
which included a favorable impact of $618 million from U.S. tax reform. 

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Downstream earnings were $3,048 million, compared to $3,649 million
in the prior year. 

 ·         
  Petroleum product
sales of 5.5 million barrels per day were 18,000 barrels per day
lower than 2017.  

   

 2017  

 Downstream earnings of $5,597 million
increased $1,396 million from 2016.  

 ·         
  Stronger refining and
marketing margins increased earnings by $1.5 billion. 

 ·         
  Volume and mix effects
decreased earnings by $30 million.  

 ·         
  All other items
decreased earnings by $40 million, driven by the absence of a $904 million
gain from the Canadian retail assets sale, and Hurricane Harvey related
expenses, which were mostly offset by $618 million of U.S. tax reform
impacts and non‑U.S. asset management gains in 2017.  

 ·         
  U.S. Downstream
earnings were $1,948 million, including favorable U.S. tax reform impacts
of $618 million.  

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Downstream earnings were $3,649 million, compared to $3,107 million
in the prior year. 

 ·         
  Petroleum product
sales of 5.5 million barrels per day were 48,000 barrels per day
higher than 2016.  

    


 


 48   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,615 
   
  
 



   

 2018  

 Chemical earnings of $3,351 million
decreased $1,167 million from 2017.  

 ·         
  Weaker margins
decreased earnings by $910 million.  

 ·         
  Volume and mix effects
increased earnings by $280 million, primarily due to sales growth.  

 ·         
  All other items
decreased earnings by $540 million, primarily due to the absence of
favorable impacts from U.S. tax reform of $335 million, higher downtime/maintenance,
and growth-related expenses, partly offset by a favorable tax item and
favorable foreign exchange impacts.  

 ·         
  U.S. Chemical earnings
were $1,642 million in 2018, compared with $2,190 million in the prior
year which included $335 million in favorable impacts from U.S. tax reform. 

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Chemical earnings were $1,709 million, compared with $2,328 million in the
prior year. 

 ·         
  Prime product sales of
26.9 million metric tons were up 1.4 million metric tons from 2017.  

   

 2017  

 Chemical earnings of $4,518 million
decreased $97 million from 2016.  

 ·         
  Weaker margins
decreased earnings by $260 million.  

 ·         
  Volume and mix effects
increased earnings by $100 million.  

 ·         
  All other items
increased earnings by $60 million, primarily due to U.S. tax reform of
$335 million and improved inventory effects, partially offset by higher
expenses from increased turnaround activity and new business growth.  

 ·         
  U.S. Chemical earnings
were $2,190 million in 2017, including favorable U.S. tax reform impacts
of $335 million.  

 ·         
  Non‑U.S.
Chemical earnings of $2,328 million were $411 million lower than
prior year. 

 ·         
  Prime product sales of
25.4 million metric tons were up 495,000 metric tons from 2016.  

    

 
 
 

 
  
   
   Corporate and
  Financing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 



   

 2018  

 Corporate and financing expenses were
$2,600 million in 2018 compared to $3,760 million in 2017, with the
decrease mainly due to absence of prior year unfavorable impacts of $2.1
billion from U.S. tax reform, partly offset by higher pension and financing
related costs, lower U.S. tax rate, and lower net favorable tax items. 

   

 2017  

 Corporate
and financing expenses were $3,760 million in 2017 compared to
$1,172 million in 2016, with the increase mainly due to unfavorable
impacts of $2.1 billion from U.S. tax reform and the absence of favorable
non-U.S. tax items.  


 


 49   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sources and
  Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by/(used in) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,730) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,403) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,293) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (December 31) 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and
  cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $3.0 billion at the end of 2018, down $0.1
billion from the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2018 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $21.4 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $18.7 billion for depreciation and depletion, and
proceeds from asset sales of $4.1 billion. The major uses of funds included
spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $19.6 billion,
dividends to shareholders of $13.8 billion, net debt repayments of $4.9
billion, an increase in inventories of $3.1 billion, the adjustment for net
gains on asset sales of $2.0 billion, and additional investments and advances
of $2.0 billion.  

 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $3.2 billion at the end of 2017, down $0.5
billion from the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2017 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $19.8 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $19.9 billion for depreciation and depletion,
proceeds from asset sales of $3.1 billion, and other investing activities
including collection of advances of $2.1 billion. The major uses of funds
included spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $15.4 billion,
dividends to shareholders of $13.0 billion, the adjustment for noncash deferred
income tax credits of $8.6 billion, and additional investments and advances of
$5.5 billion.  

 The
Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term
liquidity. Internally generated funds are generally expected to cover financial
requirements, supplemented by short-term and long-term debt as required. On
December 31, 2018, the Corporation had unused committed short-term lines of
credit of $5.3 billion and unused committed long-term lines of credit of
$0.2 billion. Cash that may be temporarily available as surplus to the
Corporation’s immediate needs is carefully managed through counterparty quality
and investment guidelines to ensure it is secure and readily available to meet
the Corporation’s cash requirements, and to optimize returns.  

 To
support cash flows in future periods the Corporation will need to continually
find or acquire and develop new fields, and continue to develop and apply new
technologies and recovery processes to existing fields, in order to maintain or
increase production. After a period of production at plateau rates, it is the
nature of oil and gas fields eventually to produce at declining rates for the
remainder of their economic life. Averaged over all the Corporation’s existing
oil and gas fields and without new projects and growth in key tight-oil plays,
ExxonMobil’s production is expected to decline at an average of approximately 3
percent per year over the next few years. Decline rates can vary widely by
individual field due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the
type of reservoir, fluid properties, recovery mechanisms, work activity, and
age of the field. Furthermore, the Corporation’s net interest in production for
individual fields can vary with price and the impact of fiscal and commercial
terms.  

 The
Corporation has long been successful at offsetting the effects of natural field
decline through disciplined investments in quality opportunities and project
execution. The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over
the next few years providing additional production capacity. However, actual
volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project
start‑ups; operational outages; reservoir performance; performance of
enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and
commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production
sharing contracts; and changes in the amount and timing of investments that may
vary depending on the oil and gas price environment. The Corporation’s cash
flows are also highly dependent on crude oil and natural gas prices. Please
refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of risks.  

 The
Corporation’s financial strength enables it to make large, long-term capital
expenditures. Capital and exploration expenditures in 2018 were $25.9 billion,
reflecting the Corporation’s continued active investment program. The
Corporation anticipates an investment level of approximately $30 billion in
2019. 

 
  

   


 


 50   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Actual
spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and
property acquisitions. The Corporation has a large and diverse portfolio of
development projects and exploration opportunities, which helps mitigate the
overall political and technical risks of the Corporation’s Upstream segment and
associated cash flow. Further, due to its financial strength, debt capacity and
diverse portfolio of opportunities, the risk associated with failure or delay
of any single project would not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s
liquidity or ability to generate sufficient cash flows for operations and its
fixed commitments. 

   

 ExxonMobil closely monitors the potential
impacts of Brexit and LIBOR reform under a number of scenarios and has taken
steps to mitigate their potential impact. Accordingly, ExxonMobil does not
believe these events represent a material risk to the Corporation’s
consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

   

 Cash Flow from
Operating Activities 

   

 2018  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $36.0 billion in 2018, $5.9 billion higher than 2017. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $21.4 billion, an
increase of $1.6 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $18.7 billion, down $1.1 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for
the net gain on asset sales was $2.0 billion, an increase of $1.7 billion. The adjustment
for dividends received less than equity in current earnings of equity companies
was a reduction of $1.7 billion, compared to an increase of $0.1 billion in
2017. The adjustment for deferred income tax credits was $0.1 billion, compared
to $8.6 billion in 2017. Changes in operational working capital, excluding cash
and debt, decreased cash in 2018 by $1.4 billion. 

   

 2017  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $30.1 billion in 2017, $8.0 billion higher than 2016. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $19.8 billion, an
increase of $11.5 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $19.9 billion, down $2.4 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for
deferred income tax credits was $8.6 billion, compared to $4.4 billion in 2016.
Changes in operational working capital, excluding cash and debt, decreased cash
in 2017 by $0.6 billion. 

    

 Cash Flow from
Investing Activities 

   

 2018 

 Cash used in
investing activities netted to $16.4 billion in 2018, $0.7 billion higher than
2017. Spending for property, plant and equipment of $19.6 billion increased
$4.2 billion from 2017. Proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries, property,
plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments of $4.1 billion
compared to $3.1 billion in 2017. Additional investments and advances were $3.5
billion lower in 2018, while proceeds from other investing activities including
collection of advances decreased by $1.1 billion. 

   

 2017  

 Cash used in
investing activities netted to $15.7 billion in 2017, $3.3 billion higher than
2016. Spending for property, plant and equipment of $15.4 billion decreased
$0.8 billion from 2016. Proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries, property,
plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments of $3.1 billion
compared to $4.3 billion in 2016. Additional investments and advances were $4.1
billion higher in 2017, while proceeds from other investing activities
including collection of advances increased by $1.2 billion. 

    


 


 51   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities  

   

 2018  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $19.4 billion in 2018, $4.3 billion higher
than 2017. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $3.23 per share from
$3.06 per share and totaled $13.8 billion. Total debt decreased $4.5 billion to
$37.8 billion at year‑end. The reduction was principally driven by net
short-term debt and commercial paper repayments of $5.0 billion. 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity increased $4.1 billion to $191.8 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $20.8 billion. This was partly offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $13.8 billion, all in the form of
dividends. Foreign exchange translation effects of $4.4 billion for the stronger
U.S. currency reduced equity, while a $1.1 billion change in the funded status
of the postretirement benefits reserves increased equity.  

 During 2018, Exxon Mobil Corporation acquired
8 million shares of its common stock for the treasury. Purchases were made to offset
shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction with the company’s
benefit plans and programs. Shares outstanding decreased from 4,239 million to
4,237 million at the end of 2018. 

   

 2017  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $15.1 billion in 2017, $5.8 billion higher
than 2016. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $3.06 per share from
$2.98 per share and totaled $13.0 billion. Total debt decreased $0.4 billion to
$42.3 billion at year‑end. The reduction was principally driven by net
repayments of $1.0 billion, and included short-term debt repayments of $5.0
billion that were partly offset by additions in commercial paper and other debt
of $4.0 billion. 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity increased $20.4 billion to $187.7 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $19.7 billion. This was partly offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $13.0 billion, all in the form of
dividends. Foreign exchange translation effects of $5.0 billion for the weaker
U.S. currency and a $1.0 billion change in the funded status of the
postretirement benefits reserves both increased equity. Shares issued for
acquisitions added $7.8 billion to equity.  

 During 2017, Exxon Mobil Corporation acquired
10 million shares of its common stock for the treasury. Purchases were made to offset
shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction with the company’s
benefit plans and programs. Shares outstanding increased from 4,148 million to
4,239 million at the end of 2017, mainly due to a total of 96 million shares
issued for the acquisitions of InterOil Corporation and of companies that hold
acreage in the Permian Basin. 

    


 


 52   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Commitments  

 Set
forth below is information about the outstanding commitments of the
Corporation’s consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2018. The table combines
data from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and from individual notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments Due by Period 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2024 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2020- 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022- 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments 
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beyond 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt   (1)  
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
    – Due in one
  year   (2)  
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
 
   
   Asset retirement
  obligations   (3)  
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,103 
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement obligations   (4)  
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,899 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,017 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases
    (5)  
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,112 
   
  
 
   
   Take-or-pay and
  unconditional purchase obligations   (6)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,715 
   
  
 
   
   Firm capital
  commitments   (7)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,614 
   
  
 



   

 This
table excludes commodity purchase obligations (volumetric commitments but no
fixed or minimum price) which are resold shortly after purchase, either in an
active, highly liquid market or under long-term, unconditional sales contracts
with similar pricing terms. Examples include long-term, noncancelable LNG and
natural gas purchase commitments and commitments to purchase refinery products
at market prices. Inclusion of such commitments would not be meaningful in
assessing liquidity and cash flow, because these purchases will be offset in
the same periods by cash received from the related sales transactions. The
table also excludes unrecognized tax benefits totaling $9.2 billion as of
December 31, 2018, because the Corporation is unable to make reasonably
reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing
authorities. Further details on the unrecognized tax benefits can be found in “Note
19: Income and Other Taxes”. 

 Notes:  

 (1)   Includes capitalized lease
obligations of $1,303 million.  

 (2)   The amount due in one year is
included in Notes and loans payable of $17,258 million.  

 (3)   Asset retirement obligations are
primarily upstream asset removal costs at the completion of field life.  

 (4)   The amount by which the benefit
obligations exceeded the fair value of fund assets for certain U.S. and
non-U.S. pension and other postretirement plans at year-end. The payments by
period include expected contributions to funded pension plans in 2019 and
estimated benefit payments for unfunded plans in all years.  

 (5)   Minimum commitments for operating
leases, shown on an undiscounted basis, cover drilling equipment, tankers and
other assets. Total includes $623 million related to drilling rigs and related
equipment. 

 (6)   Take-or-pay obligations are
noncancelable, long-term commitments for goods and services. Unconditional
purchase obligations are those long-term commitments that are noncancelable or
cancelable only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to
secure financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods or
services. The undiscounted obligations of $30,715 million mainly pertain to
pipeline, manufacturing supply and terminal agreements.  

 (7)   Firm capital commitments represent
legally binding payment obligations to third parties where agreements
specifying all significant terms have been executed for the construction and
purchase of fixed assets and other permanent investments. In certain cases
where the Corporation executes contracts requiring commitments to a work scope,
those commitments have been included to the extent that the amounts and timing
of payments can be reliably estimated. Firm capital commitments, shown on an
undiscounted basis, totaled $11.6 billion, including $2.5 billion in the U.S. 

 Firm capital commitments for the non-U.S. Upstream
of $8.6 billion were primarily associated with projects in Guyana, Africa, United
Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, Australia, Canada and Norway. The
Corporation expects to fund the majority of these commitments with internally
generated funds, supplemented by short-term and long-term debt as required. 


 


 53   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Guarantees  

 The Corporation and certain of its consolidated
subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2018, for guarantees
relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts (Note 16). Where
guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not
include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum
potential exposure. These guarantees are not reasonably likely to have a
material effect on the Corporation’s financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources.  

   

 Financial Strength  

 On December 31, 2018, the
Corporation’s unused short-term committed lines of credit totaled $5.3 billion
(Note 6) and unused long-term committed lines of credit totaled $0.2 billion
(Note 14). The table below shows the Corporation’s consolidated
debt-to-capital ratios. The data demonstrates the Corporation’s
creditworthiness.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.7 
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.4 
   
  
 



   

 Management views the Corporation’s
financial strength, as evidenced by the above financial ratios and other
similar measures, to be a competitive advantage of strategic importance. The
Corporation’s sound financial position gives it the opportunity to access the
world’s capital markets in the full range of market conditions, and enables the
Corporation to take on large, long-term capital commitments in the pursuit of
maximizing shareholder value.  

   

 Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 As
discussed in Note 16, a variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and
certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Based
on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation
does not believe the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against
ExxonMobil will have a material adverse effect upon the Corporation’s
operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole.
There are no events or uncertainties beyond those already included in reported
financial information that would indicate a material change in future operating
results or financial condition. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on
legal proceedings and other contingencies.  

   

 
  
   
   CAPITAL AND
  EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream  (1)  
   
  
   7,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,695 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
   1,186 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   823 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,524 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   10,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,080 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  Exploration expenses included.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Capital
and exploration expenditures in 2018 were $25.9 billion, as the Corporation
continued to pursue opportunities to find and produce new supplies of oil and
natural gas to meet global demand for energy. The Corporation anticipates an investment
level of approximately $30 billion in 2019. Actual spending could vary
depending on the progress of individual projects and property acquisitions. 

 Upstream
spending of $20.2 billion in 2018 was up 21 percent from 2017. Investments in
2018 included growth in the U.S. Permian Basin, acreage acquisitions in Brazil
and global development projects. Development projects typically take several
years from the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of
production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. The
percentage of proved developed reserves was 68 percent of total proved reserves
at year‑end 2018, and has been over 60 percent for the last ten years. 

 Capital
investments in the Downstream totaled $3.4 billion in 2018, an increase of $0.9
billion from 2017, reflecting global project spending and a lubricants
acquisition in Indonesia. Chemical capital expenditures of $2.2 billion,
decreased $1.5 billion, representing investments in growth projects offset by
the 2017 acquisition of a large-scale aromatics plant in Singapore. 


 


 54   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   TAXES  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Effective
  income tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   37% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13% 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  taxes and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,969 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 2018  

 Total taxes on the Corporation’s income
statement were $44.8 billion in 2018, an increase of $13.5 billion from 2017.
Income tax expense, both current and deferred, was $9.5 billion compared to a
credit of $1.2 billion in 2017. The effective tax rate, which is calculated
based on consolidated company income taxes and ExxonMobil’s share of equity
company income taxes, was 37 percent compared to 5 percent. The increase
principally reflects the absence of the impact of U.S. tax reform in the prior
year. Total other taxes and duties of $35.2 billion in 2018 increased $2.8
billion. 

   

 2017  

 Total taxes on the Corporation’s income
statement were $31.3 billion in 2017, an increase of $0.3 billion from 2016.
Income tax expense, both current and deferred, was a credit of $1.2 billion
compared to a credit of $0.4 billion in 2016, with the U.S. tax reform impact
of $5.9 billion partially offset by higher pre-tax income. The effective tax
rate, which is calculated based on consolidated company income taxes and
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company income taxes, was 5 percent compared to 13
percent in the prior year due primarily to the impact of U.S. tax reform. Total
other taxes and duties of $32.5 billion in 2017 increased $1.1 billion. 

   

 U.S.
Tax Reform 

 Following the December 22, 2017, enactment
of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in accordance with Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 740 (Income Taxes) and following the guidance outlined in
the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, the Corporation included a $5,942
million credit in its 2017 results, representing a reasonable estimate of the
income tax effects of the changes in tax law and tax rate. The Corporation’s
results for 2018 include a $291 million tax credit, mainly in the Non-U.S.
Upstream, reflecting an updated estimate of the impact of U.S. tax reform
including clarifications provided in proposed transition tax regulations issued
by the U.S. Treasury in 2018. The Corporation has completed its accounting for
the enactment-date income tax effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in
accordance with Accounting Standard Codification Topic 740 (Income Taxes). 


 


 55   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 

    

 
  
   
   Environmental
  Expenditures  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,321 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,349 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,670 
   
  
 



   

 Throughout
ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to prevent and
minimize the impact of our operations on air, water and ground. These
include a significant investment in refining infrastructure and technology to
manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects to monitor and reduce
nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for
asset retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by
the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2018 worldwide environmental
expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $4.9 billion, of
which $3.6 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital
expenditures. The total cost for such activities is expected to increase to
approximately $5.7 billion in 2019 and 2020. Capital expenditures are
expected to account for approximately 30 percent of the total. 

 Environmental Liabilities  

 The Corporation accrues environmental
liabilities when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the
amounts can be reasonably estimated. This policy applies to assets or
businesses currently owned or previously disposed. ExxonMobil has accrued
liabilities for probable environmental remediation obligations at various
sites, including multiparty sites where the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency has identified ExxonMobil as one of the potentially responsible parties.
The involvement of other financially responsible companies at these multiparty
sites could mitigate ExxonMobil’s actual joint and several liability exposure.
At present, no individual site is expected to have losses material to
ExxonMobil’s operations or financial condition. Consolidated company provisions
made in 2018 for environmental liabilities were $330 million ($302 million
in 2017) and the balance sheet reflects liabilities of $875 million as of
December 31, 2018, and $872 million as of December 31, 2017.  

   

 MARKET RISKS, INFLATION AND OTHER
UNCERTAINTIES  

   

 
  
   
   Worldwide
  Average Realizations   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and NGL ($ per barrel) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.15 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas ($ per thousand cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) 
  Consolidated subsidiaries. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Crude
oil, natural gas, petroleum product and chemical prices have fluctuated in
response to changing market forces. The impacts of these price fluctuations on
earnings from Upstream, Downstream and Chemical operations have varied. In the
Upstream, a $1 per barrel change in the weighted-average realized
price of oil would have approximately a $450 million annual after-tax effect on
Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings, excluding the impact of
derivatives. Similarly, a $0.10 per thousand cubic feet change in the worldwide
average gas realization would have approximately a $165 million annual
after-tax effect on Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings,
excluding the impact of derivatives. For any given period, the extent of actual
benefit or detriment will be dependent on the price movements of individual
types of crude oil, results of trading activities, taxes and other government
take impacts, price adjustment lags in long-term gas contracts, and crude and
gas production volumes. Accordingly, changes in benchmark prices for crude oil
and natural gas only provide broad indicators of changes in the earnings
experienced in any particular period.  

 In
the very competitive downstream and chemical environments, earnings are primarily
determined by margin capture rather than absolute price levels of products
sold. Refining margins are a function of the difference between what a refiner
pays for its raw materials (primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the
range of products produced. These prices in turn depend on global and regional
supply/demand balances, inventory levels, refinery operations, import/export
balances and weather.  

 
  


 


 56   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The global
energy markets can give rise to extended periods in which market conditions are
adverse to one or more of the Corporation’s businesses. Such conditions, along
with the capital-intensive nature of the industry and very long lead times
associated with many of our projects, underscore the importance of maintaining
a strong financial position. Management views the Corporation’s financial
strength as a competitive advantage.  

 In
general, segment results are not dependent on the ability to sell and/or
purchase products to/from other segments. Instead, where such sales take place,
they are the result of efficiencies and competitive advantages of integrated
refinery/chemical complexes. Additionally, intersegment sales are at
market-based prices. The products bought and sold between segments can also be
acquired in worldwide markets that have substantial liquidity, capacity and
transportation capabilities. About 35 percent of the Corporation’s intersegment
sales represent Upstream production sold to the Downstream. Other intersegment
sales include those between refineries and chemical plants related to raw
materials, feedstocks and finished products.  

 Although
price levels of crude oil and natural gas may rise or fall significantly over
the short to medium term due to global economic conditions, political events, decisions
by OPEC and other major government resource owners and other factors, industry
economics over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and
demand. Accordingly, the Corporation evaluates the viability of its major investments
over a range of prices. 

 The
Corporation has an active asset management program in which underperforming
assets are either improved to acceptable levels or considered for divestment.
The asset management program includes a disciplined, regular review to ensure
that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s strategic objectives
resulting in an efficient capital base.  

   

 Risk Management  

 The
Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity and the
complementary nature of the Upstream, Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce
the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in commodity prices,
currency rates and interest rates. In addition, the Corporation uses
commodity-based contracts, including derivatives, to manage commodity price
risk and for trading purposes. The Corporation’s commodity derivatives are not
accounted for under hedge accounting. At times, the Corporation also enters
into forward currency and interest rate derivatives, none of which are material
to the Corporation’s financial position as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, or
results of operations for the years ended 2018, 2017 and 2016. Credit risk associated
with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated by several factors,
including the use of derivative clearing exchanges and the quality of and
financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. No material market or
credit risks to the Corporation’s financial position, results of operations or
liquidity exist as a result of the derivatives described in Note 13. The
Corporation maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization,
reporting and monitoring of derivative activity. 

 The
Corporation is exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on its
short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that carries floating
interest rates. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates
affecting the Corporation’s debt would not be material to earnings, cash flow
or fair value. The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term
and short-term liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the
majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term
debt. Some joint-venture partners are dependent on the credit markets, and
their funding ability may impact the development pace of joint-venture
projects.  

 The
Corporation conducts business in many foreign currencies and is subject to
exchange rate risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and
investment transactions. Fluctuations in exchange rates are often offsetting
and the impacts on ExxonMobil’s geographically and functionally diverse
operations are varied. The Corporation makes limited use of currency exchange
contracts to mitigate the impact of changes in currency values, and exposures
related to the Corporation’s limited use of the currency exchange contracts are
not material.  

   

 Inflation and Other Uncertainties  

 The
general rate of inflation in many major countries of operation has remained
moderate over the past few years, and the associated impact on non-energy costs
has generally been mitigated by cost reductions from efficiency and
productivity improvements. Prices for services and materials continue to evolve
in response to constant changes in commodity markets and industry activities,
impacting operating and capital costs. The Corporation monitors market trends
and works to minimize costs in all commodity price environments through its
economies of scale in global procurement and its efficient project management
practices. 


 


 57   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  

   

 Effective January 1, 2019, the Corporation  adopted  the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Standard,  Leases
(Topic 842) , as amended. The standard requires all leases to be recorded on
the balance sheet as a right of use asset and a lease liability. The
Corporation use d  a transition method that applies the new
lease standard at January 1, 2019, and recognizes any cumulative-effect
adjustments to the opening balance of 2019 retained earnings. The Corporation
applied a policy election to exclude short-term leases from balance sheet
recognition and also elected certain practical expedients at adoption. As
permitted under these expedients the Corporation did not reassess whether existing
contracts are or contain leases, the lease classification for any existing
leases, initial direct costs for any existing lease and whether existing land
easements and rights of way, that were not previously accounted for as leases,
are or contain a lease. At January 1, 2019, the operating lease liability is
estimated to be in the range of $ 3.3  billion and the operating
lease right of use asset is estimated to be in the range of $ 4.3  billion, including about $ 1.0  billion related to prepaid
leases. The cumulative effect adjustment is expected to be de minimis.  

    

   

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

 The
Corporation’s accounting and financial reporting fairly reflect its integrated
business model involving exploration for, and production of, crude oil and
natural gas and manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural
gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and a wide variety of specialty products.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The
Corporation’s accounting policies are summarized in Note 1.  

   

 Oil and Natural Gas Reserves  

 The
estimation of proved reserves is an ongoing process based on rigorous technical
evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis of well
information such as flow rates and reservoir pressure declines, among other
factors. The estimation of proved reserves is controlled by the Corporation
through long-standing approval guidelines. Reserve changes are made within a
well-established, disciplined process driven by senior level geoscience and
engineering professionals, assisted by the Global Reserves group which has
significant technical experience, culminating in reviews with and approval by
senior management. Notably, the Corporation does not use specific quantitative
reserve targets to determine compensation. Key features of the reserve
estimation process are covered in Disclosure of Reserves in Item 2.  

 Oil
and natural gas reserves include both proved and unproved reserves.  

 ·         
  Proved oil and natural
gas reserves are determined in accordance with Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) requirements. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and
natural gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be
estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible under
existing economic and operating conditions and government regulations. Proved
reserves are determined using the average of first-of-month oil and natural gas
prices during the reporting year. 

 Proved
reserves can be further subdivided into developed and undeveloped reserves.
Proved developed reserves include amounts which are expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved
undeveloped reserves include amounts expected to be recovered from new wells on
undrilled proved acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major
expenditure is required for completion. Proved undeveloped reserves are
recognized only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that the
reserves are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless specific
circumstances support a longer period of time. 

 The
percentage of proved developed reserves was 68 percent of total proved reserves
at year-end 2018 (including both consolidated and equity company reserves), an
increase from 66 percent in 2017, and has been over 60 percent for the last ten
years. Although the Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will
be produced, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of
factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance,
regulatory approvals, government policy, consumer preferences and significant
changes in long-term oil and natural gas prices. 

 ·         
  Unproved reserves are quantities
of oil and natural gas with less than reasonable certainty of recoverability
and include probable reserves. Probable reserves are reserves that, together
with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.  

 Revisions in previously
estimated volumes of proved reserves for existing fields can occur due to the
evaluation or re-evaluation of (1) already available geologic, reservoir
or production data, (2) new geologic, reservoir or production data or
(3) changes in the average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices
and / or costs that are used in the estimation of reserves. Revisions can also
result from significant changes in development strategy or production equipment
and facility capacity.  


 


 58   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Unit-of-Production Depreciation 

 Oil
and natural gas reserve quantities are used as the basis to calculate
unit-of-production depreciation rates for most upstream assets. Depreciation is
calculated by taking the ratio of asset cost to total proved reserves or proved
developed reserves applied to actual production. The volumes produced and asset
cost are known, while proved reserves are based on estimates that are subject
to some variability.  

 In
the event that the unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable
allocation of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative
method is used. The straight-line method may be used in limited situations
where the expected life of the asset does not reasonably correlate with that of
the underlying reserves. For example, certain assets used in the production of
oil and natural gas have a shorter life than the reserves, and as such, the
Corporation uses straight-line depreciation to ensure the asset is fully
depreciated by the end of its useful life. 

 To the extent that proved reserves for a
property are substantially de-booked and that property continues to produce
such that the resulting depreciation charge does not result in an equitable
allocation of cost over the expected life, assets will be depreciated using a
unit-of-production method based on reserves determined at the most recent SEC
price which results in a more meaningful quantity of proved reserves, appropriately
adjusted for production and technical changes. The effect of this approach on
the Corporation’s 2018 depreciation expense versus 2017 was immaterial. 

 Impairment 

 The Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for
recoverability on an ongoing basis whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Among the events or
changes in circumstances which could indicate that the carrying value of an
asset or asset group may not be recoverable are the following: 

 ·         
  a significant decrease
in the market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
  a significant adverse
change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its
physical condition including a significant decrease in current and projected
reserve volumes; 

 ·         
  a significant adverse
change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value,
including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
  an accumulation of
project costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
  a current-period
operating loss combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow
losses; and 

 ·         
  a current expectation
that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise
disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful
life. 

 Asset valuation analyses performed as part of its asset management
program and other profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of any
of its assets may not be recoverable. 

 In general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices
or margins as an indication of impairment. Management believes that prices over
the long term must be sufficient to generate investments in energy supply to
meet global demand. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly,
industry prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply
and demand fundamentals. On the supply side, industry production from mature
fields is declining. This is being offset by investments to generate production
from new discoveries, field developments and technology and efficiency
advancements. OPEC investment activities and production policies also have an
impact on world oil supplies. The demand side is largely a function of general
economic activities and levels of prosperity. Because the lifespans of the vast
majority of the Corporation’s major assets are measured in decades, the value
of these assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity
prices and production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the
Corporation expects that oil and gas prices will experience significant
volatility, and consequently these assets will experience periods of higher
earnings and periods of lower earnings, or even losses.  

 In assessing whether the events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, the Corporation
considers recent periods of operating losses in the context of its longer-term
view of prices. While near-term prices are subject to wide fluctuations,
longer-term price views are more stable and meaningful for purposes of
assessing future cash flows. 

 When the industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in
commodity prices, the market supply and demand conditions may result in changes
to the Corporation’s long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its
capital investment decisions. To the extent those changes result in a
significant reduction to its long-term oil price, natural gas price or margin
ranges, the Corporation may consider that situation, in conjunction with other
events or changes in circumstances such as a history of operating losses, an
indicator of potential impairment for certain assets. 

 
  

   


 


 59   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 In the Upstream, the standardized measure
of discounted cash flows included in the Supplemental Information on Oil and
Gas Exploration and Production Activities is required to use prices based on
the average of first-of-month prices. These prices represent discrete points in
time and could be higher or lower than the Corporation’s long-term price
assumptions which are used for impairment assessments. The Corporation believes
the standardized measure does not provide a reliable estimate of the expected
future cash flows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil
and gas properties or of the value of its oil and gas reserves and therefore
does not consider it relevant in determining whether events or changes in
circumstances indicate the need for an impairment assessment. 

 If events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future
undiscounted cash flows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability
of carrying amounts. In performing this assessment, assets are grouped at the
lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. Cash flows used in
recoverability assessments are based on the Corporation’s assumptions which are
developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are consistent with
the criteria management uses to evaluate investment opportunities. These
evaluations make use of the Corporation’s assumptions of future capital
allocations, crude oil and natural gas commodity prices, refining and chemical
margins, volumes, costs, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based
on projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales.
Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-adjusted amount of these
reserves may be included in the evaluation. Cash flow estimates for impairment
testing exclude the effects of derivative instruments. 

 An asset group is impaired if its estimated undiscounted cash
flows are less than the asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is based on
market prices if an active market exists for the asset group, or discounted
cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant
unproved properties are assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances
against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated economic
chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold
the properties. Properties that are not individually significant are aggregated
by groups and amortized based on development risk and average holding period.  

 The Corporation has a robust process to monitor for indicators of
potential impairment across its asset groups throughout the year. This process
is aligned with the requirements of ASC 360 and relies in part on the
Corporation’s planning and budgeting cycle. In 2018, the Corporation identified
a number of situations where events or changes in circumstances indicated that
the carrying value of certain long-lived assets, mainly in North America, may
not be recoverable. Accordingly, impairment assessments were performed which
indicated that certain asset groups assessed have future undiscounted cash flow
estimates that do not recover their carrying values. The Corporation’s 2018
results include after-tax charges of $0.5 billion to reduce the carrying value
of those assets to fair value. 

 The assessment of fair
values required the use of Level 3 inputs and assumptions that are based upon
the views of a likely market participant. The principal parameters used to
establish fair values included estimates of both proved and unproved reserves,
future commodity prices which were consistent with the average of third-party
industry experts and government agencies, drilling and development costs,
discount rates ranging from 6 percent to 8 percent depending on the
characteristics of the asset group, and comparable market transactions. Factors
which could put further assets at risk of impairment in the future include
reductions in the Corporation’s long-term price outlooks, changes in the
allocation of capital, and operating cost increases which exceed the pace of
efficiencies or the pace of oil and natural gas price increases. However, due
to the inherent difficulty in predicting future commodity prices, and the
relationship between industry prices and costs, it is not practicable to
reasonably estimate the existence or range of any potential future impairment
charges related to the Corporation’s long-lived assets. 

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The Corporation incurs retirement
obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are
recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which is typically at the time
the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair value, the Corporation uses
assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal
obligation for an asset retirement obligation; technical assessments of the
assets; estimated amounts and timing of settlements; discount rates; and
inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations are disclosed in Note 9 to the
financial statements.  

   

 Suspended Exploratory Well Costs  

 The Corporation continues capitalization
of exploratory well costs when the well has found a sufficient quantity of
reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and the Corporation is
making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and
operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these
criteria are charged to expense. The facts and circumstances that support
continued capitalization of suspended wells at year-end are disclosed in Note
10 to the financial statements.  

   


 


 60   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Consolidations  

 The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the
Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it
does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are
accounted for using the equity method of accounting.  

 Investments in companies that are
partially owned by the Corporation are integral to the Corporation’s
operations. In some cases they serve to balance worldwide risks, and in others
they provide the only available means of entry into a particular market or area
of interest. The other parties, who also have an equity interest in these
companies, are either independent third parties or host governments that share
in the business results according to their ownership. The Corporation does not
invest in these companies in order to remove liabilities from its balance
sheet. In fact, the Corporation has long been on record supporting an
alternative accounting method that would require each investor to consolidate
its share of all assets and liabilities in these partially-owned companies
rather than only its interest in net equity. This method of accounting for
investments in partially-owned companies is not permitted by U.S. GAAP except
where the investments are in the direct ownership of a share of upstream assets
and liabilities. However, for purposes of calculating return on average capital
employed, which is not covered by U.S. GAAP standards, the Corporation includes
its share of debt of these partially-owned companies in the determination of
average capital employed.  

   

 Pension Benefits  

 The
Corporation and its affiliates sponsor nearly 100 defined benefit (pension)
plans in over 40 countries. The Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits footnote
(Note 17) provides details on pension obligations, fund assets and pension
expense.  

 Some
of these plans (primarily non-U.S.) provide pension benefits that are paid
directly by their sponsoring affiliates out of corporate cash flow rather than
a separate pension fund because applicable tax rules and regulatory practices
do not encourage advance funding. Book reserves are established for these
plans. The portion of the pension cost attributable to employee service is
expensed as services are rendered. The portion attributable to the increase in
pension obligations due to the passage of time is expensed over the term of the
obligations, which ends when all benefits are paid. The primary difference in
pension expense for unfunded versus funded plans is that pension expense for
funded plans also includes a credit for the expected long-term return on fund
assets. 

 For
funded plans, including those in the U.S., pension obligations are financed in
advance through segregated assets or insurance arrangements. These plans are
managed in compliance with the requirements of governmental authorities and
meet or exceed required funding levels as measured by relevant actuarial and
government standards at the mandated measurement dates. In determining
liabilities and required contributions, these standards often require
approaches and assumptions that differ from those used for accounting purposes.
 

 The
Corporation will continue to make contributions to these funded plans as
necessary. All defined-benefit pension obligations, regardless of the funding
status of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength
of the Corporation or the respective sponsoring affiliate.  

 Pension
accounting requires explicit assumptions regarding, among others, the long-term
expected earnings rate on fund assets, the discount rate for the benefit
obligations and the long-term rate for future salary increases. Pension
assumptions are reviewed annually by outside actuaries and senior management.
These assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market
rates and outlook. The long-term expected earnings rate on U.S. pension plan
assets in 2018 was 6 percent. The 10‑year and 20‑year actual
returns on U.S. pension plan assets were 8 percent and 7 percent, respectively.
The Corporation establishes the long‑term expected rate of return by
developing a forward-looking, long-term return assumption for each pension fund
asset class, taking into account factors such as the expected real return for
the specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term rate of return is
then calculated as the weighted average of the target asset allocation
percentages and the long-term return assumption for each asset class. A
worldwide reduction of 0.5 percent in the long-term rate of return on assets
would increase annual pension expense by approximately $150 million before tax.
 

 Differences between actual returns on fund
assets and the long-term expected return are not recognized in pension expense
in the year that the difference occurs. Such differences are deferred, along
with other actuarial gains and losses, and are amortized into pension expense
over the expected remaining service life of employees.  

 
  

   


 


 61   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
   

 Litigation Contingencies  

 A
variety of claims have been made against the Corporation and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has
regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside
counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these
contingencies. The status of significant claims is summarized in Note 16.  

 The
Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the
incurrence of a loss is probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These
amounts are not reduced by amounts that may be recovered under insurance or
claims against third parties, but undiscounted receivables from insurers or
other third parties may be accrued separately. The Corporation revises such
accruals in light of new information. For contingencies where an unfavorable
outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the
possible loss. For purposes of our litigation contingency disclosures,
“significant” includes material matters as well as other items which management
believes should be disclosed.  

 Management judgment is required related to
contingent liabilities and the outcome of litigation because both are difficult
to predict. However, the Corporation has been successful in defending
litigation in the past. Payments have not had a material adverse effect on
operations or financial condition. In the Corporation’s experience, large
claims often do not result in large awards. Large awards are often reversed or
substantially reduced as a result of appeal or settlement.  

   

 Tax Contingencies  

 The
Corporation is subject to income taxation in many jurisdictions around the
world. Significant management judgment is required in the accounting for income
tax contingencies and tax disputes because the outcomes are often difficult to
predict.  

 The benefits of uncertain tax positions
that the Corporation has taken or expects to take in its income tax returns are
recognized in the financial statements if management concludes that it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
For a position that is likely to be sustained, the benefit recognized in the
financial statements is measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50
percent likely of being realized. A reserve is established for the difference
between a position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return and
the amount recognized in the financial statements. The Corporation’s
unrecognized tax benefits and a description of open tax years are summarized in
Note 19. 

   

 Foreign
Currency Translation  

 The
method of translating the foreign currency financial statements of the
Corporation’s international subsidiaries into U.S. dollars is prescribed by U.S.
GAAP. Under these principles, it is necessary to select the functional currency
of these subsidiaries. The functional currency is the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. Management selects the
functional currency after evaluating this economic environment.  

 Factors considered by management when
determining the functional currency for a subsidiary include the currency used
for cash flows related to individual assets and liabilities; the responsiveness
of sales prices to changes in exchange rates; the history of inflation in the
country; whether sales are into local markets or exported; the currency used to
acquire raw materials, labor, services and supplies; sources of financing; and
significance of intercompany transactions. 

    



 
  




 


 62   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

   


 
 Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal
Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Corporation’s
financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in  Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2018.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the
effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2018, as stated in their report included in the Financial
Section of this report.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   
     
   
  
   
     
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   Darren W. Woods 
   Chief Executive Officer 
   
  
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   Senior Vice President 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
   David S. Rosenthal 
   Vice President and Controller 
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 


 










 


 63   


 
 

 


 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   


 
 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Exxon Mobil Corporation 

 Opinions on the Financial Statements and
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Exxon Mobil Corporation and its subsidiaries
(the “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018,
including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated
financial statements”). We also have audited the Corporation's internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 based on criteria established
in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

 In our opinion, the consolidated   financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2018 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established
in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.        

 Basis for Opinions 

 The Corporation's management is
responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Corporation’s consolidated   financial
statements and on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated   financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud,
and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects.  

 Our audits of the consolidated financial
statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
 


 


 64   


 
 

 


 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   


 
 Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  

 Dallas, Texas  

 February 27, 2019 

 We have served as the Corporation’s
auditor since 1934.    

   

    



 
  




 


 65   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF INCOME 


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and
  other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,680 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total revenues
  and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   290,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   208,114 
   
  
 
   
   Costs and other
  deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Crude oil and
  product purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   128,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   104,171 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production and
  manufacturing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,448 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Selling, general
  and administrative expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,443 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-service
  pension and postretirement benefit expense 
   
  
   2, 17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,835 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,020 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs and
  other deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   259,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   225,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,145 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,969 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income taxes 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 66   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  comprehensive income (net of income taxes) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  translation adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   (174) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustment for
  foreign exchange translation (gain)/loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,670) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,112 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

    



 
  




 


 67   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash and cash
  equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and
  accounts receivable, less estimated doubtful amounts 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,597 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil,
  products and merchandise 
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,871 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Materials and
  supplies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,134 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments,
  advances and long-term receivables 
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,160 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property, plant
  and equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and depletion 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   247,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,767 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accounts payable
  and accrued liabilities 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   37,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,796 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income taxes
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,771 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt 
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,132 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax liabilities 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,893 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term
  obligations to equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,774 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,215 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   147,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   154,191 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments and
  contingencies 
   
  
   16  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  without par value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,000 million
  shares authorized, 8,019 million shares issued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,656 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Earnings
  reinvested 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   421,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   414,540 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,564) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  held in treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,782 million
  shares in 2018 and 3,780 million shares in 2017) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,553) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,246) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   191,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,812 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   198,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   194,500 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities and equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 68   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustments for
  noncash transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax charges/(credits) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,386) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess
  of/(less than) net payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligation provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess
  of/(less than) payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (610) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends
  received greater than/(less than) equity in current 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   earnings of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,684) 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   (579) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in
  operational working capital, excluding cash and debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reduction/(increase) 
   
  
   - Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,954) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,090) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase/(reduction) 
   
  
   - Accounts and other
  payables 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net (gain) on
  asset sales 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,993) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other items
  - net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (771) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,574) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,402) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,163) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and equipment,
  and sales and returns of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,275 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additional investments
  and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,981) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,507) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,417) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other investing
  activities including collection of advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   986 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used in
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,730) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,403) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,066 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions in
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,752) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,024) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions/(reductions)
  in commercial paper, and debt with 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   three months or
  less maturity 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,459) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to ExxonMobil shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,798) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (626) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (747) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  sold 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used in
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,293) 
   
  
 
   
   Effects of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 69   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY 


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil Share of Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   ExxonMobil  
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
   Held in  
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of  
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Reinvested 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   412,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,999 
   
  
     
   
  
   176,810 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,615) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   407,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230,424) 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (432) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,185) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,532 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Issued for
  acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,789 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   414,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,246) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   194,500 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,798) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,798) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,041) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cumulative effect
  of accounting change 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,263) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,263) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,670) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (626) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (626) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,564) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,553) 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   198,528 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common Stock
  Share Activity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issued 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of shares) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,863) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,156 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,871) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,148 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Issued for
  acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,239 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,782) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,237 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 70   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The accompanying consolidated financial
statements and the supporting and supplemental material are the responsibility
of the management of Exxon Mobil Corporation.  

 The
Corporation’s principal business involves exploration for, and production of,
crude oil and natural gas and manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude
oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and a wide variety of
specialty products. 

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. Prior years’ data has been reclassified in certain cases
to conform to the 2018 presentation basis.  

   

 1. Summary of Accounting Policies  

 Principles of Consolidation and Accounting
for Investments 

 The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the
Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it
does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are
included in “Investments, advances and long-term receivables”. The
Corporation’s share of the net income of these companies is included in the
Consolidated Statement of Income caption “Income from equity affiliates”.  

 Majority
ownership is normally the indicator of control that is the basis on which
subsidiaries are consolidated. However, certain factors may indicate that a
majority-owned investment is not controlled and therefore should be accounted
for using the equity method of accounting. These factors occur where the
minority shareholders are granted by law or by contract substantive
participating rights. These include the right to approve operating policies,
expense budgets, financing and investment plans, and management compensation
and succession plans.  

 Evidence
of loss in value that might indicate impairment of investments in companies
accounted for on the equity method is assessed to determine if such evidence
represents a loss in value of the Corporation’s investment that is other than
temporary. Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses,
negative earnings and cash flow outlook, significant downward revisions to oil
and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s
business segment or geographic region. If evidence of an other than temporary
loss in fair value below carrying amount is determined, an impairment is
recognized. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash
flows are used to assess fair value.  

 Investments
in equity securities other than consolidated subsidiaries and equity method
investments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
net income. The Corporation uses the modified approach for equity securities
that do not have a readily determinable fair value. This modified approach
measures investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes
resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions in a similar
investment of the same issuer. 

 The
Corporation’s share of the cumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment
for equity method investments is reported in “Accumulated other comprehensive
income”.  

 Revenue Recognition 

 The Corporation generally sells crude oil,
natural gas and petroleum and chemical products under short-term agreements at
prevailing market prices. In some cases (e.g., natural gas), products may be
sold under long-term agreements, with periodic price adjustments to reflect
market conditions. Revenue is recognized at the amount the Corporation expects
to receive when the customer has taken control, which is typically when title
transfers and the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership. The
prices of certain sales are based on price indices that are sometimes not
available until the next period. In such cases, estimated realizations are
accrued when the sale is recognized, and are finalized when the price is
available. Such adjustments to revenue from performance obligations satisfied
in previous periods are not significant. Payment for revenue transactions is
typically due within 30 days. Future volume delivery obligations that are
unsatisfied at the end of the period are expected to be fulfilled through
ordinary production or purchases. These performance obligations are based on
market prices at the time of the transaction and are fully constrained due to
market price volatility. 

 Purchases
and sales of inventory with the same counterparty that are entered into in
contemplation of one another are combined and recorded as exchanges measured at
the book value of the item sold.  

 “Sales and other operating revenue” and
“Notes and accounts receivable” primarily arise from contracts with customers.
Long-term receivables are primarily from non-customers. Contract assets are
mainly from marketing assistance programs and are not significant. Contract
liabilities are mainly customer prepayments and accruals of expected volume
discounts and are not significant. 

 
  

   

 
 


 71   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Income and
Other Taxes 

 The
Corporation excludes from the Consolidated Statement of Income certain sales
and value-added taxes imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing
transactions with customers and collected on behalf of governmental
authorities. Similar taxes, for which the Corporation is not considered to be
an agent for the government, are reported on a gross basis (included in both “Sales
and other operating revenue” and “Other taxes and duties”). 

 The
Corporation accounts for U.S. tax on global intangible low-taxed income as an
income tax expense in the period in which it is incurred. We have elected not
to adopt an option provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board Update,
 Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income: Reclassification of
Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.  The option
allowed the reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act. 

 Derivative Instruments 

 The
Corporation may use derivative instruments for trading purposes and to offset
exposures associated with commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and
interest rates that arise from existing assets, liabilities and forecasted
transactions. All derivative instruments are recorded at fair value. Derivative
assets and liabilities with the same counterparty are netted if the right of
offset exists and certain other criteria are met. Collateral payables or receivables
are netted against derivative assets and derivative liabilities, respectively. 

 Recognition
and classification of the gain or loss that results from adjusting a derivative
to fair value depends on the purpose for the derivative. All gains and losses
from derivative instruments for which the Corporation does not apply hedge
accounting are immediately recognized in earnings. We may designate derivatives
as fair value or cash flow hedges. For fair value hedges, the gain or loss from
derivative instruments and the offsetting gain or loss from the hedged item are
recognized in earnings. For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain
or loss from the derivative instrument is initially reported as a component of
other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the
period that the forecasted transaction affects earnings, and the ineffective
portion of the gain or loss from the derivative instrument is recognized
immediately in earnings.  

 Fair Value 

 Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Hierarchy
Levels 1, 2 and 3 are terms for the priority of inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. Hierarchy Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Hierarchy Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Hierarchy
Level 3 inputs are inputs that are not observable in  the market. 

 Inventories 

 Crude
oil, products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current
market value or cost (generally determined under the last-in, first-out method
– LIFO). Inventory costs include expenditures and other charges (including
depreciation) directly and indirectly incurred in bringing the inventory to its
existing condition and location. Selling expenses and general and
administrative expenses are reported as period costs and excluded from
inventory cost. Inventories of materials and supplies are valued at cost or
less.  

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Cost
Basis.  The Corporation
uses the “successful efforts” method to account for its exploration and
production activities. Under this method, costs are accumulated on a
field-by-field basis. Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a
property (whether unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred.
Exploratory well costs are carried as an asset when the well has found a
sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well
and where the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves
and the economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs
not meeting these criteria are charged to expense. Other exploratory
expenditures, including geophysical costs and annual lease rentals, are
expensed as incurred. Development costs, including costs of productive wells
and development dry holes, are capitalized.  

 Depreciation,
Depletion and Amortization.  Depreciation, depletion and amortization are primarily determined
under either the unit-of-production method or the straight-line method, which
is based on estimated asset service life taking obsolescence into
consideration.  

 
  

   


 


 72   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Acquisition costs of proved properties are
amortized using a unit-of-production method, computed on the basis of total
proved oil and gas reserves. Capitalized exploratory drilling and development
costs associated with productive depletable extractive properties are amortized
using the unit-of-production rates based on the amount of proved developed
reserves of oil and gas that are estimated to be recoverable from existing
facilities using current operating methods. Under the unit-of-production
method, oil and gas volumes are considered produced once they have been
measured through meters at custody transfer or sales transaction points at the
outlet valve on the lease or field storage tank. In the event that the
unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable allocation of cost
over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative method is used. The
straight-line method is used in limited situations where the expected life of
the asset does not reasonably correlate with that of the underlying reserves.
For example, certain assets used in the production of oil and natural gas have
a shorter life than the reserves, and as such, the Corporation uses
straight-line depreciation to ensure the asset is fully depreciated by the end
of its useful life. 

 To
the extent that proved reserves for a property are substantially de-booked and
that property continues to produce such that the resulting depreciation charge
does not result in an equitable allocation of cost over the expected life,
assets will be depreciated using a unit-of-production method based on reserves
determined at the most recent SEC price which results in a more meaningful quantity
of proved reserves, appropriately adjusted for production and technical
changes.  

 Investments
in refinery, chemical process, and lubes basestock manufacturing equipment are
generally depreciated on a straight‑line basis over a 25-year life.
Service station buildings and fixed improvements generally are depreciated over
a 20-year life. Maintenance and repairs, including planned major maintenance,
are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized and the
assets replaced are retired. 

 Impairment
Assessment.  The
Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for recoverability on an ongoing
basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. Among the events or changes in circumstances
which could indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not
be recoverable are the following: 

 ·         
  a significant decrease
in the market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
  a significant adverse
change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its
physical condition including a significant decrease in current and projected
reserve volumes; 

 ·         
  a significant adverse
change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value,
including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
  an accumulation of
project costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
  a current-period
operating loss combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow
losses; and 

 ·         
  a current expectation
that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise
disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful
life. 

 Asset valuation analyses performed as part of its asset management
program and other profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of any
of its assets may not be recoverable. 

 In general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices
or margins as an indication of impairment. Management believes that prices over
the long term must be sufficient to generate investments in energy supply to
meet global demand. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly,
industry prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply
and demand fundamentals. On the supply side, industry production from mature
fields is declining. This is being offset by investments to generate production
from new discoveries, field developments and technology and efficiency
advancements. OPEC investment activities and production policies also have an
impact on world oil supplies. The demand side is largely a function of general
economic activities and levels of prosperity. Because the lifespans of the vast
majority of the Corporation’s major assets are measured in decades, the value
of these assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity
prices and production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the
Corporation expects that oil and gas prices will experience significant
volatility, and consequently these assets will experience periods of higher
earnings and periods of lower earnings, or even losses. In assessing whether
the events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset
may not be recoverable, the Corporation considers recent periods of operating
losses in the context of its longer-term view of prices. While near-term prices
are subject to wide fluctuations, longer-term price views are more stable and
meaningful for purposes of assessing future cash flows. 

 When the industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in
commodity prices, the market supply and demand conditions may result in changes
to the Corporation’s long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its
capital investment decisions. To the extent those changes result in a
significant reduction to its long-term oil price, natural gas price or margin
ranges, the Corporation may consider that situation, in conjunction with other
events or changes in circumstances such as a history of operating losses, an
indicator of potential impairment for certain assets. 

 
  

   


 


 73   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 In the Upstream, the standardized measure
of discounted cash flows included in the Supplemental Information on Oil and
Gas Exploration and Production activities is required to use prices based on
the average of first-of-month prices. These prices represent discrete points in
time and could be higher or lower than the Corporation’s long-term price
assumptions which are used for impairment assessments. The Corporation believes
the standardized measure does not provide a reliable estimate of the expected
future cash flows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil
and gas properties or of the value of its oil and gas reserves and therefore
does not consider it relevant in determining whether events or changes in
circumstances indicate the need for an impairment assessment. 

 If events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future
undiscounted cash flows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability
of carrying amounts. In performing this assessment, assets are grouped at the
lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. Cash flows used in
recoverability assessments are based on the Corporation’s assumptions which are
developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are consistent with
the criteria management uses to evaluate investment opportunities. These
evaluations make use of the Corporation’s assumptions of future capital
allocations, crude oil and natural gas commodity prices, refining and chemical
margins, volumes, costs, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based
on projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales.
Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-adjusted amount of these
reserves may be included in the evaluation. Cash flow estimates for impairment
testing exclude the effects of derivative instruments. 

 An asset group is impaired if its estimated undiscounted
cash flows are less than the asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured
by the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is
based on market prices if an active market exists for the asset group, or discounted
cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant
unproved properties are assessed for impairment individually, and valuation
allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated
economic chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects
to hold the properties. Properties that are not individually significant are
aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk and average
holding period.  

   

 Other.
 Gains on sales of proved
and unproved properties are only recognized when there is neither uncertainty
about the recovery of costs applicable to any interest retained nor any
substantial obligation for future performance by the Corporation. Losses on
properties sold are recognized when incurred or when the properties are held
for sale and the fair value of the properties is less than the carrying value. 

 Interest
costs incurred to finance expenditures during the construction phase of
multiyear projects are capitalized as part of the historical cost of acquiring
the constructed assets. The project construction phase commences with the
development of the detailed engineering design and ends when the constructed
assets are ready for their intended use. Capitalized interest costs are
included in property, plant and equipment and are depreciated over the service
life of the related assets.  

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations and
Environmental Liabilities 

 The Corporation
incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these
obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which is
typically at the time the assets are installed. The costs associated with these
liabilities are capitalized as part of the related assets and depreciated. Over
time, the liabilities are accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Liabilities
for environmental costs are recorded when it is probable that obligations have
been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. These liabilities
are not reduced by possible recoveries from third parties, and projected cash
expenditures are not discounted.    

   

 Foreign Currency Translation 

 The
Corporation selects the functional reporting currency for its international
subsidiaries based on the currency of the primary economic environment in which
each subsidiary operates.  

 Downstream
and Chemical operations primarily use the local currency. However, the U.S.
dollar is used in countries with a history of high inflation (primarily in
Latin America) and Singapore, which predominantly sells into the U.S. dollar
export market. Upstream operations which are relatively self-contained and
integrated within a particular country, such as Canada, the United Kingdom,
Norway and continental Europe, use the local currency. Some Upstream
operations, primarily in Asia and Africa, use the U.S. dollar because they
predominantly sell crude and natural gas production into U.S.
dollar-denominated markets.  

 For
all operations, gains or losses from remeasuring foreign currency transactions
into the functional currency are included in income.    

 
 


 74   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 2. Accounting Changes  

    

 Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board’s Standard,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606) , as amended. The standard establishes a single revenue
recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry and
transaction specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The
standard was adopted using the Modified Retrospective method, under which prior
year results are not restated, but supplemental information is provided for any
material impacts of the standard on 2018 results. The adoption of the standard
did not have a material impact on any of the lines reported in the
Corporation’s financial statements. The cumulative effect of adoption of the
standard was de minimis. The Corporation did not elect any practical expedients
that require disclosure. 

 Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil
adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Update,  Financial
Instruments   –    Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The standard requires investments in
equity securities other than consolidated subsidiaries and equity method
investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value
recognized through net income. The Corporation elected a modified approach for
equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value. This
modified approach measures investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus
or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly
transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The
cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of this standard increased
opening 2018 retained earnings $ 47  million.  

 Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil
adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Update,  Compensation –
Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic
Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost . The update
requires separate presentation of the service cost component from other
components of net benefit costs. The other components are reported in a new
line on the Corporation’s Statement of Income, “Non-service pension and
postretirement benefit expense”. The Corporation elected to use the practical
expedient which uses the amounts disclosed in the pension and other
postretirement benefit plan note for the prior comparative periods as the
estimation basis for applying the retrospective presentation requirements, as
it is impracticable to determine the amounts capitalized in those periods.
Beginning in 2018, the other components of net benefit costs are included in
the Corporate and financing segment. The estimated after-tax impact from the
change in segmentation is an increase in Corporate and financing expenses of
about $ 450  million for 2018. The increase in the Corporate and
financing expenses is offset by lower expenses across the operating segments.  Additionally, only the service cost
component of net benefit costs is eligible for capitalization in situations
where it is otherwise appropriate to capitalize employee costs in connection
with the construction or production of an asset.  

 The impact of the retrospective
presentation change on ExxonMobil's Consolidated Statement of Income for 2017
and 2016 is shown below. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
     
   
  
   As Adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   As Reported 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
     
   
  
   As Adjusted 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Production and
  manufacturing expenses 
   
  
   34,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,438) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,448 
   
  
 
   
   Selling, general
  and administrative expenses 
   
  
   10,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   (307) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   (356) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,443 
   
  
 
   
   Non-service
  pension and postretirement benefit expense 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,835 
   
  
 



 
 


 75   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Effective January 1, 2019, the Corporation
 adopted  the Financial Accounting Standards
Board’s Standard,  Leases (Topic 842) , as amended. The standard requires
all leases to be recorded on the balance sheet as a right of use asset and a
lease liability. The Corporation use d  a transition
method that applies the new lease standard at January 1, 2019, and recognizes
any cumulative-effect adjustments to the opening balance of 2019 retained
earnings. The Corporation applied a policy election to exclude short-term
leases from balance sheet recognition and also elected certain practical
expedients at adoption. As permitted under these expedients the Corporation did
not reassess whether existing contracts are or contain leases, the lease
classification for any existing leases, initial direct costs for any existing
lease and whether existing land easements and rights of way, that were not
previously accounted for as leases, are or contain a lease. At January 1, 2019,
the operating lease liability is estimated to be in the range of $ 3.3  billion and the operating lease right of use
asset is estimated to be in the range of $ 4.3  billion, including about $ 1.0  billion related
to prepaid leases. The cumulative effect adjustment is expected to be de
minimis.  

    

 
 
 

 3. Miscellaneous Financial Information  

 Research
and development expenses totaled $ 1,116  million in 2018, $ 1,063  million in 2017, and
$ 1,058  million in 2016.  

 Net
income included before‑tax aggregate foreign exchange transaction losses
of $ 138  million in 2018, and gains
of $ 6  million and $ 29  million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
 

 In
2018, 2017 and 2016, net income included a gain of $ 107  million, and losses of $ 10  million, and $ 295  million,
respectively, attributable to the combined effects of LIFO inventory
accumulations and drawdowns. The aggregate replacement cost of inventories was
estimated to exceed their LIFO carrying values by $ 8.2  billion and $ 10.8  billion at
December 31, 2018, and 2017, respectively. 

 Crude oil,
products and merchandise as of year-end 2018 and 2017 consist of the following:
 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,635 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,333 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,283 
   
  
 
   
   Gas/other 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,871 
   
  
 



 
 


 76   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 4.      Other Comprehensive
Income Information 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative 
   
  
     
   
  
   Post- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  Share of Accumulated Other  
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
   (14,170) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,341) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
   (14,501) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,239) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   4,879 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,709 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,268 
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   5,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
   (9,482) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (4,595) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,394) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,092 
   
  
 
   
   Total change in accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (4,399) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,302) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2018 
   
  
   (13,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,683) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,564) 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Amounts
  Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income - Before-tax Income/(Expense) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  translation gain/(loss) included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Other income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Non-service pension and postretirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   benefit expense) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,656) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,531) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Income Tax
  (Expense)/Credit For 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components of
  Other Comprehensive Income 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  translation adjustment 
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   (247) 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment included
  in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (491) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   (438) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (649) 
   
  
 



 
 


 77   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 5. Cash Flow Information  

 The
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows provides information about changes in cash
and cash equivalents. Highly liquid investments with maturities of three months
or less when acquired are classified as cash equivalents.  

 For
2018, the “Net (gain) on asset sales” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows includes before-tax amounts from the sale of service stations in Germany,
the divestment of the Augusta refinery in Italy, and the sale of an undeveloped
Upstream property in Australia. For 2017, the number includes before-tax
amounts from the sale of service stations in multiple countries, Upstream asset
transactions in the U.S., and the sale of ExxonMobil’s operated Upstream
business in Norway. For 2016, the number includes before-tax amounts from the
sale of service stations in Canada, the sale of Upstream properties in the U.S.,
and the sale of aviation fueling operations across multiple countries. These
net gains are reported in “Other income” on the Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

 In
2018, the “Additions/(reductions) in commercial paper, and debt with three
months or less maturity” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes a
net $ 275  million addition of
commercial paper with maturity over three months. The gross amount issued was $ 4.0  billion, while the gross
amount repaid was $ 3.8  billion. In 2017, the
number includes a net $ 121  million repayment of
commercial paper with maturity over three months. The gross amount issued was $ 3.6  billion, while the gross
amount repaid was $ 3.7  billion. In 2016, the number
includes a net $ 608  million addition of
commercial paper with maturity over three months. The gross amount issued was $ 3.9  billion, while the gross
amount repaid was $ 3.3  billion. 

 In
2017, the Corporation completed the acquisitions of InterOil Corporation,
mostly unproved properties in Papua New Guinea, for $ 2.7  billion and of companies
that own mostly unproved oil and gas properties in the Permian Basin and other
assets for $ 6.2  billion. These
transactions included a significant noncash component associated with the
issuance of a total of  96  million shares of Exxon
Mobil Corporation common stock in acquisition consideration, having a total
acquisition date value of $ 7.8  billion. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   955 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,214 
   
  
 



 
 
 

 6. Additional Working Capital Information  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade, less
  reserves of $61 million and $72 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,274 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other, less
  reserves of $339 million and $539 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,597 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Bank loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Commercial paper 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,863 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,049 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt
  due within one year 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accounts payable
  and accrued liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade payables 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,701 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payables to
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,863 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,453 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accrued taxes
  other than income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,311 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,062 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,331 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,796 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation has short-term committed
lines of credit of $ 5.3  billion which were unused as of December 31, 2018. These
lines are available for general corporate purposes.  

 The
weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was  2.4  percent and  1.3  percent at December 31,
2018, and 2017, respectively.  

 
 


 78   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 7. Equity Company Information  

 The
summarized financial information below includes amounts related to certain
less-than-majority-owned companies and majority-owned subsidiaries where
minority shareholders possess the right to participate in significant
management decisions (see Note 1). These companies are primarily engaged in oil
and gas exploration and production, and natural gas marketing in North America;
natural gas exploration, production and distribution in Europe; liquefied
natural gas (LNG) operations and transportation of crude oil in Africa; and
exploration, production, LNG operations, and the manufacture and sale of
petroleum and petrochemical products in Asia and the Middle East. Also included
are several refining, petrochemical manufacturing and marketing ventures.  

 The
share of total equity company revenues from sales to ExxonMobil consolidated
companies was  14  percent,  15  percent and  14  percent in the years
2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 The Corporation’s
ownership in these ventures is in the form of shares in corporate joint
ventures as well as interests in partnerships. Differences between the
company’s carrying value of an equity investment and its underlying equity in
the net assets of the affiliate are assigned to the extent practicable to
specific assets and liabilities based on the company’s analysis of the factors
giving rise to the difference. The amortization of this difference, as
appropriate, is included in “Income from equity affiliates” on the Consolidated
Statement of Income.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
         ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   112,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,539 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,668 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,509 
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,808 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,392 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   128,830 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,931 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,357 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   157,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,749 
   
  
 
   
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,765 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,288 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   83,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,696 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 79   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A list of
significant equity companies as of December 31, 201 8,
together with the Corporation’s percentage ownership interest, is detailed
below: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Aera Energy LLC 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Barzan Gas
  Company Limited 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   BEB Erdgas und
  Erdoel GmbH & Co. KG 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cameroon Oil
  Transportation Company S.A. 
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Caspian Pipeline
  Consortium - Kazakhstan 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cross Timbers
  Energy, LLC 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Golden Pass LNG
  Terminal LLC 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Marine Well
  Containment Company LLC 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mozambique Rovuma
  Venture, S.p.A. 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nederlandse
  Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar Liquefied
  Gas Company Limited  
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar Liquefied
  Gas Company Limited (2) 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (II) 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (3) 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   South Hook LNG
  Terminal Company Limited 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tengizchevroil,
  LLP 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Terminale GNL
  Adriatico S.r.l. 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian Refining
  & Petrochemical Co. Ltd. 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Permian Express
  Partners LLC 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Aramco
  Mobil Refinery Company Ltd. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al-Jubail
  Petrochemical Company 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gulf Coast Growth
  Ventures LLC 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum Italia
  s.r.l. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum
  Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum USA L.P. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Yanbu
  Petrochemical Co. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 80   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 8. Investments, Advances and Long-Term Receivables 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity method
  company investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,354 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,112 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity
  method company investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,466 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities carried at fair value and other investments at adjusted cost basis
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  receivables and miscellaneous, net of reserves of $ 5,471 million and $5,432
  million 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,520 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,160 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial
  Accounting Standards Board’s Update, Financial Instruments - Overall
  (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
  Financial Liabilities. The portion of unrealized gains and losses recognized
  during the reporting period on equity securities still held at December 31,
  2018, and the carrying value of equity securities without readily
  determinable fair values at December 31, 2018, were not significant to the
  Corporation. 
   
  
 



 
 
 

 9. Property, Plant and Equipment and Asset
Retirement Obligations  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Property,
  Plant and Equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   372,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   194,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   371,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,291 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,732 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,966 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,117 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,490 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   477,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   247,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   477,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation has a robust process to monitor for indicators of
potential impairment across its asset groups throughout the year. This process
is aligned with the requirements of ASC 360 and relies in part on the
Corporation’s planning and budgeting cycle. In 2018, the Corporation identified
a number of situations where events or changes in circumstances indicated that
the carrying value of certain long-lived assets, mainly in North America, may
not be recoverable. Accordingly, impairment assessments were performed which
indicated that certain asset groups assessed have future undiscounted cash flow
estimates that do not recover their carrying values. The Corporation’s 2018
results include before-tax charges of $ 0.7  billion to reduce the carrying value of those assets to
fair value. In 2017 and 2016, the Corporation recognized before-tax impairment
charges of $ 2.0  billion and $ 3.6  billion, respectively. 

 
 


 81   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The assessment of fair values required the
use of Level 3 inputs and assumptions that are based upon the views of a likely
market participant. The principal parameters used to establish fair values
included estimates of both proved and unproved reserves, future commodity
prices which were consistent with the average of third-party industry experts
and government agencies, drilling and development costs, a range of discount
rates depending on the characteristics of the asset group, and comparable
market transactions. Factors which could put further assets at risk of
impairment in the future include reductions in the Corporation’s long-term
price outlooks, changes in the allocation of capital, and operating cost
increases which exceed the pace of efficiencies or the pace of oil and natural
gas price increases. However, due to the inherent difficulty in predicting
future commodity prices, and the relationship between industry prices and
costs, it is not practicable to reasonably estimate the existence or range of
any potential future impairment charges related to the Corporation’s long-lived
assets. 

 Accumulated
depreciation and depletion totaled $ 230,089  million at the end of 2018
and $ 224,555  million at the end of
2017. Interest capitalized in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $ 652  million, $ 749  million and $ 708  million, respectively.  

    

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The
Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values
of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which
is typically at the time the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair
value, the Corporation uses assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as
the existence of a legal obligation for an asset retirement obligation;
technical assessments of the assets; estimated amounts and timing of
settlements; discount rates; and inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations
incurred in the current period were Level 3 fair value measurements. The costs
associated with these liabilities are capitalized as part of the related assets
and depreciated as the reserves are produced. Over time, the liabilities are
accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Asset
retirement obligations for downstream and chemical facilities generally become
firm at the time the facilities are permanently shut down and dismantled. These
obligations may include the costs of asset disposal and additional soil
remediation. However, these sites have indeterminate lives based on plans for
continued operations and as such, the fair value of the conditional legal
obligations cannot be measured, since it is impossible to estimate the future
settlement dates of such obligations.  

 The following
table summarizes the activity in the liability for asset retirement
obligations: 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Beginning
  balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,243 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion
  expense and other provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   681 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reduction due to
  property sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   (333) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (906) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payments made 
   
  
     
   
  
   (600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (730) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liabilities
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign currency
  translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   (421) 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,705 
   
  
 



   

 The long-term Asset Retirement Obligations
were $ 11,185  million and $ 11,928  million at December 31,
2018, and 2017, respectively, and are included in Other long-term obligations.    

 
 


 82   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 10. Accounting for Suspended Exploratory
Well Costs  

 The
Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the
well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing
the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. The term
“project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities
and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment
transparency reports. 

 The
following two tables provide details of the changes in the balance of suspended
exploratory well costs as well as an aging summary of those costs. 

 Change
in capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  beginning at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions
  pending the determination of proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Charged to
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,205) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reclassifications
  to wells, facilities and equipment based on the 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   determination of
  proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (497) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  attributed to equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
 



   

 Period end capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period of one year or less 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between one and five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,981 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between five and ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   911 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of greater than ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period greater than one year - subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,297 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
 



   

 Exploration activity often involves
drilling multiple wells, over a number of years, to fully evaluate a project.
The table below provides a breakdown of the number of projects with only
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one year or less and those
that have had exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of greater than
one year. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects that only have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of one year or
  less 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of greater than
  one year 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
 



   

 Of the  52  projects that have exploratory well costs
capitalized for a period greater than one year as of December 31, 2018,  12  projects have
drilling in the preceding year or exploratory activity planned in the next two
years, while the remaining  40  projects are those with
completed exploratory activity progressing toward development.  

 
 


 83   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The table below
provides additional detail for those  40  projects, which total $2,543
million.  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
   Drilled /  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Country/Project 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   Acquired 
   
  
   Comment 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of
  dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - AB32 Central
  NE Hub 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 - 2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Kaombo Split
  Hub 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2005 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
      Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Argentina 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - La Invernada 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - East Pilchard 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2001 
   
  
    Gas field near
  Kipper/Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/ 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    planned
  infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - Gorgon Area
  Ullage 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   1994 - 2015 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plans to tie into existing LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - SE Longtom 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
    - SE Remora 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Marlin development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
   Guyana 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Liza Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
    Continuing
  development plan discussions with the government. 
   
  
 
   
   Iraq 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kurdistan
  Pirmam 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
    Evaluating
  commercialization alternatives, while waiting for government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    approval to
  enter Gas Holding Period. 
   
  
 
   
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kairan 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  commercialization and field development alternatives, while 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    continuing
  discussions with the government regarding the development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Kalamkas 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development alternatives, while continuing 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    discussions
  with the government regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Mozambique 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Rovuma LNG
  Future 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development plan to tie into planned LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
      
  Non-Straddling Train 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Rovuma LNG
  Phase 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
    Progressing
  development plan to tie into planned LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Rovuma LNG
  Unitized 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development plan to tie into planned LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
       Trains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Bolia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding regional hub strategy. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bonga North 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development plan for tieback to existing/planned  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi Central 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Erha
  Northeast 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - OML 138 Ukot
  SS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - OML 138 Ukot
  SW 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Pegi 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009  
   
  
    Awaiting
  capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - Satellite
  Field 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
       Development
  Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Other (4
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   2001 - 2002 
   
  
    Evaluating and
  pursuing development of several additional discoveries. 
   
  
 




 


 84   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
   Drilled / 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Country/Project 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   Acquired 
   
  
   Comment 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of
  dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Gamma 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Lavrans 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1995 - 1999 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, awaiting capacity in existing Kristin 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    production
  facility. 
   
  
 
   
    - Other (6
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plans, including potential for tieback to existing 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    production
  facilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Juha 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
    Progressing
  development plans to tie into existing LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Papua LNG 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development plans. 
   
  
 
   
   Republic of
  Congo 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Mer Tres
  Profonde Sud 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   2000 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Romania 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Neptun Deep 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 - 2016 
   
  
    Continuing
  discussions with the government regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Vietnam 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Blue Whale 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 - 2015 
   
  
    Evaluating/progressing
  development plans. 
   
  
 
   
   Total 2018 (40
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,543 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 
 

 11. Leased Facilities  

 At
December 31, 2018, the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries held
noncancelable operating leases and charters covering drilling equipment,
tankers and other assets with minimum undiscounted lease commitments totaling $ 6,112  million as indicated in
the table. Estimated related sublease rental income from noncancelable
subleases totals $ 22  million.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Lease Payments 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Under Minimum Commitments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Drilling Rigs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and Related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equipment 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2019  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
 
   
   2020  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   985 
   
  
 
   
   2021  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
   765 
   
  
 
   
   2022  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
 
   
   2023  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
 
   
   2024 and beyond 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,203 
   
  
 
   
        Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   623 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,112 
   
  
 



   

 Net rental cost under both cancelable and noncancelable operating
leases incurred during 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rental cost 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Drilling rigs
  and related equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   723 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,274 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other (net of
  sublease rental income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,091 
   
  
 



 
 


 85   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 12. Earnings Per Share  

   

 
  
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  number of common shares outstanding   (millions
  of shares) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,177 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share   (dollars)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends paid
  per common share  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    The earnings per common share and earnings
per common share - assuming dilution are the same in each period shown.    

   

 13. Financial Instruments and Derivatives  

 Financial Instruments.  The estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 2018, and the related hierarchy level for the fair
value measurement is as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Gross Assets  
   &  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of Counterparty Netting 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of Collateral Netting 
   
  
     
   
  
   Difference in Carrying Value and Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net Carrying Value Presented on the
  Balance Sheet 
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Derivative assets
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Advances
  to/receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   from equity
  companies  (2)(7)  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,608 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other long-term 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   financial assets  (3)  
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   974 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,934 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Derivative
  liabilities  (4)  
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt  (5)  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,235 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to equity
  companies  (7)  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,382 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other long-term  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   financial
  liabilities  (6)  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) Included
  in the Balance Sheet line: Notes and accounts receivable, less estimated
  doubtful amounts 
   
  
 
   
   (2) Included
  in the Balance Sheet line: Investments, advances and long-term receivables 
   
  
 
   
   (3) Included
  in the Balance Sheet lines: Investments, advances and long-term receivables
  and Other assets, including intangibles, net 
   
  
 
   
   (4) Included
  in the Balance Sheet line: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
   
  
 
   
   (5) Excluding
  capitalized lease obligations 
   
  
 
   
   (6) Included
  in the Balance Sheet line: Other long-term obligations 
   
  
 
   
   (7) Advances to/receivables from equity companies and long-term
  obligations to equity companies are mainly designated as hierarchy level 3
  inputs. The fair value is calculated by discounting the remaining obligations
  by a rate consistent with the credit quality and industry of the equity
  company. 
   
  
 



 The estimated fair value of total
long-term debt, excluding capitalized lease obligations, was $ 23.7  billion at December 31, 2017, as compared
to recorded book values of $ 23.1  billion at December 31,
2017. 

   

 
 


 86   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Derivative
Instruments.  The
Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity and the
complementary nature of the Upstream, Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce
the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in commodity prices,
currency rates and interest rates. In addition, the Corporation uses
commodity-based contracts, including derivatives, to manage commodity price
risk and for trading purposes. The Corporation’s commodity derivatives are not
accounted for under hedge accounting. At times, the Corporation also enters
into forward currency and interest rate derivatives, none of which are material
to the Corporation’s financial position as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, or
results of operations for the years ended 2018, 2017 and 2016. 

 Credit
risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated by
several factors, including the use of derivative clearing exchanges and the
quality of and financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The
Corporation maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization,
reporting and monitoring of derivative activity. 

 The carrying values of derivative
instruments on the consolidated balance sheet, at December 31, 2017, were gross
assets of $ 25  million, gross liabilities
of ($ 63 ) million and collateral
receivable of $ 94  million. 

   

 At December 31, 2018, the net notional long/(short) position of
derivative instruments was ( 19 ) million barrels for crude oil and was ( 9 ) million barrels for
products. 

   

 Realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on derivative instruments
that were recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income are included in
the following lines on a before-tax basis:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and
  product purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 87   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 14. Long-Term Debt  

 At
December 31, 2018, long-term debt consisted of $19,940 million due
in U.S. dollars and $598 million representing the U.S. dollar equivalent
at year-end exchange rates of amounts payable in foreign currencies. These
amounts exclude that portion of long-term debt, totaling $4,070 million, which
matures within one year and is included in current liabilities. The amounts of
long-term debt, including capitalized lease obligations, maturing in each of
the four years after December 31, 2019, in millions of dollars, are: 2020
– $1,639; 2021 – $2,571; 2022 – $1,841; and 2023 – $1,304.
At December 31, 2018, the Corporation’s unused long-term credit lines were $ 0.2  billion.  

 Summarized
long-term debt at year-end 2018 and 2017 are shown in the table below:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Rate  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
         (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exxon Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.819% notes due
  2019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.708% notes due
  2019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2019  (Issued 2014) 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2019  (Issued 2016) 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.912% notes due
  2020 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.222% notes due
  2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.397% notes due
  2022 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2022 
   
  
   2.502% 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.726% notes due
  2023 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.176% notes due
  2024 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.709% notes due
  2025 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.043% notes due
  2026 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.567% notes due
  2045  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.114% notes due
  2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   XTO Energy Inc.   (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.100% senior
  notes due 2036 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.750% senior
  notes due 2037 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.375% senior
  notes due 2038 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.625%
  debentures due 2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Industrial
  revenue bonds due 2019-2051 
   
  
   1.334% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other U.S. dollar
  obligations 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other foreign
  currency obligations 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized
  lease obligations 
   
  
   9.440% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt issuance
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)    Average effective interest rate for debt
and average imputed interest rate for capitalized leases at December 31, 2018. 

 (2)   Includes premiums of $ 97  million in 2018 and $ 102  million in 2017. 

 
 


 88   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 15. Incentive Program  

 The 2003 Incentive Program provides for
grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and
other forms of awards. Awards may be granted to eligible employees of the
Corporation and those affiliates at least  50  percent owned. Outstanding
awards are subject to certain forfeiture provisions contained in the program or
award instrument. Options and SARs may be granted at prices not less than  100  percent of market value on
the date of grant and have a maximum life of 10 years. The maximum number of
shares of stock that may be issued under the 2003 Incentive Program is  220  million. Awards that are
forfeited, expire or are settled in cash, do not count against this maximum
limit. The 2003 Incentive Program does not have a specified term. New awards
may be made until the available shares are depleted, unless the Board
terminates the plan early. At the end of 2018, remaining shares available for
award under the 2003 Incentive Program were  82   million.
  

 Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units.  Awards totaling  8,771  thousand,  8,916  thousand, and  9,583  thousand of restricted
(nonvested) common stock units were granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.  Compensation expense
for these awards is based on the price of the stock at the date of grant and is
recognized in income over the requisite service period. Shares for these awards
are issued to employees from treasury stock. The units that are settled in cash
are recorded as liabilities and their changes in fair value are recognized over
the vesting period. 
During the applicable restricted periods, the shares and units may not be sold
or transferred and are subject to forfeiture. The majority of the awards have
graded vesting periods, with  50  percent of the shares and
units in each award vesting after three years and the remaining  50  percent vesting after
seven years. Awards granted to a small number of senior executives have vesting
periods of five years for  50  percent of the award and
of 10 years or retirement, whichever occurs later, for the remaining  50  percent of the award.  

 The
Corporation has purchased shares in the open market and through negotiated
transactions to offset shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction
with benefit plans and programs. Purchases may be discontinued at any time
without prior notice. 

 The
following tables summarize information about restricted stock and restricted
stock units for the year ended December 31, 2018.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Grant-Date 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted
  stock and units outstanding 
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value per Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at January 1 
   
  
   41,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86.34 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 award
  issued in 2018 
   
  
   8,910 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81.89 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Vested 
   
  
   (9,347) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81.14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited 
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85.72 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at December 31 
   
  
   40,381 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86.56 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  restricted stock units 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Grant price 
  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   81.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   87.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value at date of
  grant: 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Units settled in
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
 
   
   Units settled in
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   Total value 
   
  
     
   
  
   681 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
 



   

 As of December 31, 2018, there was $ 1,899  million of unrecognized compensation cost
related to the nonvested restricted awards. This cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 4.4 years. The compensation cost charged
against income for the restricted stock and restricted stock units was $ 774  million, $ 856  million and $ 880  million for 2018, 2017
and 2016, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized in income related to
this compensation expense was $ 42  million, $ 78  million and $ 80  million for the same
periods, respectively. The fair value of shares and units vested in 2018, 2017
and 2016 was $ 722  million, $ 826  million and $ 851  million,
respectively. Cash payments of $ 61  million, $ 64  million and $ 67  million for vested
restricted stock units settled in cash were made in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 

 
 


 89   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 16. Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 Litigation.  A
variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has
regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside
counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these
contingencies. The Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those
contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be
reasonably estimated. If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no
amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the
minimum of the range is accrued. The Corporation does not record liabilities
when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the
amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be
only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable
outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the
possible loss. For purposes of our contingency disclosures, “significant”
includes material matters, as well as other matters, which management believes
should be disclosed. ExxonMobil will continue to defend itself vigorously in
these matters. Based on a consideration of all relevant facts and
circumstances, the Corporation does not believe the ultimate outcome of any
currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a material adverse
effect upon the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial
statements taken as a whole. 

 Other Contingencies.  The Corporation and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2018,
for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where
guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not
include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum
potential exposure. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Company 
   
  
   Other Third-Party 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligations  (1)  
   
  
   Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt-related 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,380 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,387 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,451 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,838 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  ExxonMobil share. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous
long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities,
all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material
to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition. 

 In accordance with a Venezuelan
nationalization decree issued in February 2007, a subsidiary of the Venezuelan
National Oil Company (PdVSA) assumed the operatorship of the Cerro Negro Heavy
Oil Project. The decree also required conversion of the Cerro Negro Project
into a “mixed enterprise” and an increase in PdVSA’s or one of its affiliate’s
ownership interest in the Project. ExxonMobil refused to accede to the terms
proffered by the government, and on June 27, 2007, the government expropriated
ExxonMobil’s  41.67  percent interest in the
Cerro Negro Project. 

 ExxonMobil collected awards of $ 908  million in an arbitration
against PdVSA under the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce in
respect of an indemnity related to the Cerro Negro Project and $ 260  million in an arbitration
for compensation due for the La Ceiba Project and for export curtailments at
the Cerro Negro Project under rules of International Centre for Settlement of
Investment Disputes (ICSID). An ICSID arbitration award relating to the Cerro
Negro Project’s expropriation ($ 1.4  billion) was annulled
based on a determination that a prior Tribunal failed to adequately explain why
the cap on damages in the indemnity owed by PdVSA did not affect or limit the
amount owed for the expropriation of the Cerro Negro Project. ExxonMobil filed
a new claim seeking to restore the original award of damages for the Cerro
Negro Project with ICSID on September 26, 2018. 

 The net impact of this matter on the
Corporation’s consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated.
Regardless, the Corporation does not expect the resolution to have a material
effect upon the Corporation’s operations or financial condition. 

 
  

   


 


 90   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 An affiliate
of ExxonMobil is one of the Contractors under a Production Sharing Contract
(PSC) with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) covering the Erha
block located in the offshore waters of Nigeria. ExxonMobil's affiliate is the
operator of the block and owns a  56.25  percent interest under the
PSC. The Contractors are in dispute with NNPC regarding NNPC's lifting of crude
oil in excess of its entitlement under the terms of the PSC. In accordance with
the terms of the PSC, the Contractors initiated arbitration in Abuja, Nigeria,
under the Nigerian Arbitration and Conciliation Act. On October 24, 2011, a
three-member arbitral Tribunal issued an award upholding the Contractors'
position in all material respects and awarding damages to the Contractors
jointly in an amount of approximately $ 1.8  billion plus $ 234  million in accrued
interest. The Contractors petitioned a Nigerian federal court for enforcement
of the award, and NNPC petitioned the same court to have the award set aside.
On May 22, 2012, the court set aside the award. The Contractors appealed that
judgment to the Court of Appeal, Abuja Judicial Division. On July 22, 2016, the
Court of Appeal upheld the decision of the lower court setting aside the award.
On October 21, 2016, the Contractors appealed the decision to the Supreme Court
of Nigeria. In June 2013, the Contractors filed a lawsuit against NNPC in the
Nigerian federal high court in order to preserve their ability to seek
enforcement of the PSC in the courts if necessary. Following dismissal by this
court, the Contractors appealed to the Nigerian Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In October 2014, the Contractors filed suit in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York to enforce, if necessary, the arbitration
award against NNPC assets residing within that jurisdiction. NNPC has moved to
dismiss the lawsuit. At this time, the net impact of this matter on the
Corporation's consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated.
However, regardless of the outcome of enforcement proceedings, the Corporation
does not expect the proceedings to have a material effect upon the
Corporation's operations or financial condition. 

 
 


 91   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 17. Pension and Other Postretirement
Benefits  

 The
benefit obligations and plan assets associated with the Corporation’s principal
benefit plans are measured on December 31.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to determine 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   benefit obligations
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefit
  obligation at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,800 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   721 
   
  
     
   
  
   798 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   772 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actuarial loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,034) 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (630) 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid  (1) (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,715) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,964) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (543) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,664) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amendments,
  divestments and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   Benefit
  obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,471 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,100 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



   

 (1)     Benefit payments for funded and
unfunded plans. 

 (2)     For 2018 and 2017,
other postretirement benefits paid are net of $13 million and $16 million of
Medicare subsidy receipts, respectively. 

   

 For selection of the discount rate for
U.S. plans, several sources of information are considered, including interest
rate market indicators and the effective discount rate determined by use of a
yield curve based on high-quality, noncallable bonds applied to the estimated
cash outflows for benefit payments. For major non-U.S. plans, the discount rate
is determined by using a spot yield curve of high-quality,
local-currency-denominated bonds at an average maturity approximating that of
the liabilities.  

 The measurement of the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of  4.5  percent in  2020  and subsequent years. A
one-percentage-point increase in the health care cost trend rate would increase
service and interest cost by $ 74  million and the
postretirement benefit obligation by $ 776  million. A
one-percentage-point decrease in the health care cost trend rate would decrease
service and interest cost by $ 56  million and the
postretirement benefit obligation by $ 620  million. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value at
  January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actual return on
  plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (710) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,320) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Company
  contribution 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid 
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    Benefit payments for funded plans.    

 
 


 92   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The funding levels of all qualified
pension plans are in compliance with standards set by applicable law or
regulation. As shown in the table below, certain smaller U.S. pension plans and
a number of non-U.S. pension plans are not funded because local applicable tax rules
and regulatory practices do not encourage funding of these plans. All
defined benefit pension obligations, regardless of the funding status
of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength
of the Corporation or the respective sponsoring affiliate.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in excess
  of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Funded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unfunded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,436) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,331) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,915) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,892) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
 



   

 The authoritative guidance for defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plans requires an employer to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position
and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes
occur through other comprehensive income.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in excess
  of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,892) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,673) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recorded
  in the consolidated balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   sheet consist
  of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,752) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,313) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,892) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,673) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recorded
  in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income consist of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,982 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   877 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,595 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (357) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,837 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,620 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,198 
   
  
 



   

 (1)      Fair value of assets less benefit
obligation shown on the preceding page. 

 
 


 93   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The long-term
expected rate of return on funded assets shown below is established for each
benefit plan by developing a forward‑looking, long-term return assumption
for each asset class, taking into account factors such as the expected
real return for the specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term
rate of return is then calculated as the weighted average of the target asset
allocation percentages and the long-term return assumption for each asset
class. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   determine net
  periodic benefit cost for 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   years ended
  December 31 
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of return on funded assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components of
  net periodic benefit cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   810 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   721 
   
  
     
   
  
   798 
   
  
     
   
  
   793 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   772 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Expected return
  on plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (727) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (775) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (726) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (951) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (927) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net pension
  enhancement and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
      
  curtailment/settlement cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  amounts recorded in accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   other
  comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   (324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (191) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (594) 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial (loss)/gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   (630) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,047) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (811) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost/(credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service (cost)/credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (356) 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,376) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (823) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (824) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (678) 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   (673) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in net periodic benefit cost and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       other
  comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
     
   
  
   904 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   847 
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
 



   

 Costs for defined contribution plans were $ 391  million, $ 384  million and $ 399  million in 2018, 2017 and
2016, respectively.  

 
 


 94   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of
the change in accumulated other comprehensive income is shown in the table
below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Pension and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   790 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   823 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   824 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
     
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   673 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  (charge)/credit to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to income tax (see Note 4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (470) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (290) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (692) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to investment in equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income including noncontrolling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   interests, after
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,579 
   
  
 
   
   Charge/(credit)
  to equity of noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation’s investment strategy for
benefit plan assets reflects a long-term view, a careful assessment of the
risks inherent in plan assets and liabilities and broad diversification to
reduce the risk of the portfolio. The benefit plan assets are primarily
invested in passive global equity and local currency fixed income index
funds to diversify risk while minimizing costs. The equity funds hold
ExxonMobil stock only to the extent necessary to replicate the relevant equity
index. The fixed income funds are largely invested in investment grade
corporate and government debt securities.  

 Studies
are periodically conducted to establish the preferred target asset allocation
percentages. The target asset allocation for the U.S. benefit plans and the major
non-U.S. plans is  30  percent equity securities
and  70  percent debt securities.
The equity targets for the U.S. and certain non-U.S. plans include a small
allocation to private equity partnerships that primarily focus on early-stage
venture capital of  5  percent and  3  percent, respectively.  

 The
fair value measurement levels are accounting terms that refer to different
methods of valuing assets. The terms do not represent the relative risk or
credit quality of an investment.  

 
 


 95   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2018 fair value of the benefit plan assets, including the
level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the tables below: 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2018, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2018, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,648 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,795 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,815 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,085 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   97 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,666 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,880 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,465 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,134 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,486 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.  

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.  

 (3)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions. 

 (4)   For government debt securities that
are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on observable quoted
prices.  

 (5)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input.    

    


 


 96   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2018, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
          Value  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
 



   

 (1)  Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets. 

 (2)  For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 
 


 97   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2017 fair value of the benefit plan
assets, including the level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the
tables below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,967 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,260 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,346 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   32 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,773 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,837 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,438 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,461 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.  

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.  

 (3)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions. 

 (4)   For government debt securities that
are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on observable quoted
prices.  

 (5)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input.    

   

   

     


 


 98   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
          Value   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.  

 (2)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 
 


 99   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of pension plans with an
accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets is shown in the table
below:  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   For  funded  
  pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   in excess of
  plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,037 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,022 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,264 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value of
  plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For  unfunded  
  pension plans: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,571 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,915 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,535 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,208 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Estimated 2019
  amortization from accumulated other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   357 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    The Corporation amortizes the net balance
of actuarial losses/(gains) as a component of net periodic benefit cost over
the average remaining service period of active plan participants.    

 (2)    The Corporation amortizes prior
service cost on a straight-line basis as permitted under authoritative guidance
for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.   

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Medicare 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidy Receipt 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contributions
  expected in 2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefit payments
  expected in: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2019  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2020  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,312 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   458 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2021  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2022  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   463 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2023  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2024 - 2028 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,259 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 18. Disclosures about Segments and Related
Information  

 The
Upstream, Downstream and Chemical functions best define the operating segments
of the business that are reported separately. The factors used to identify
these reportable segments are based on the nature of the operations that are
undertaken by each segment. The Upstream segment is organized and operates to
explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment is
organized and operates to manufacture and sell petroleum products. The Chemical
segment is organized and operates to manufacture and sell petrochemicals. These
segments are broadly understood across the petroleum and petrochemical
industries.  

 These
functions have been defined as the operating segments of the Corporation
because they are the segments (1) that engage in business activities from
which revenues are recognized and expenses are incurred; (2) whose
operating results are regularly reviewed by the Corporation’s chief operating
decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment
and to assess its performance; and (3) for which discrete financial
information is available.  

 Earnings
after income tax include transfers at estimated market prices.
 


 


 100   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 In corporate and financing activities,
interest revenue relates to interest earned on cash deposits and
marketable securities. Interest expense includes non-debt-related
interest expense of $ 84  million in 2018, $ 136  million in 2017 and $ 63  million in 2016. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financing 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,340 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,048 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,840 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,816 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,355 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,007 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,204 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,888 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   684 
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   606 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   879 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   643 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,149 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,486) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,974 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,595 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   717 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,051 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,337 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,162 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,431 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,382 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   148,914 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,024 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,131 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,196 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,618 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (369) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,380 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,508 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   61,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,881 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,263 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
   883 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,463 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of U.S.
  tax reform - noncash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,602) 
   
  
     
   
  
   480 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (618) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (335) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,942) 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   769 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,551 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,901 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,462 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,387 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,354 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   155,822 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,294 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,359 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   404 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (367) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,552 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,278 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,447 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,099 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,211 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   889 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   863 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,144 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   817 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,100 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,917 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,364 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (242) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,810 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   86,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   153,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,600 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   See Note 2 for additional details
regarding the change in segmentation of Non-service pension and postretirement
benefit expense.  

    


 


 101   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
   Geographic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and
  other operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,126 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   182,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   155,083 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,502 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   279,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. revenue sources include:   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,682 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,452 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,834 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,589 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,919 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,487 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,715 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,899 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Revenue is determined by primary country
of operations. Excludes certain sales and other operating revenues in Non-U.S.
operations where attribution to a specific country is not practicable. 

   

 
  
   
   Long-lived
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   108,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,194 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,030 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   247,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. long-lived assets include: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,144 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,510 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,769 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,314 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,719 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,413 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Russia 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,828 
   
  
 



 
 


 102   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 19. Income and Other Taxes  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Federal and
  non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   518 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,075) 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,801) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,223) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. tax on
  non-U.S. operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total federal
  and non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,094) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,974) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
   All other taxes
  and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,020 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  production and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   manufacturing
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   808 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,860 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  SG&A expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   354 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  taxes and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,721 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,969 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 The above provisions for deferred income
taxes include a net credit of $ 289  million in 2018 related to changes in tax
laws and rates, mainly from a $ 291  million credit related to
U.S. tax reform. For 2017, deferred income tax expense includes a net credit of
$ 5,920  million, reflecting a $ 5,942  million credit related to
U.S. tax reform and $ 22  million of other changes
in tax laws and rates outside of the United States. Deferred income tax expense
for 2016 includes net charges of $ 180  million for the effect of
changes in tax laws and rates.  

 Following the December 22, 2017, enactment
of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in accordance with Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 740 (Income Taxes) and following the guidance outlined in
the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, the Corporation included a $ 5,942  million credit in its 2017
results, representing a reasonable estimate of the income tax effects of the changes
in tax law and tax rate. The Corporation’s results for 2018 include a $ 291  million tax credit, mainly
in the Non-U.S. Upstream, reflecting an updated estimate of the impact of U.S.
tax reform including clarifications provided in proposed transition tax
regulations issued by the U.S. Treasury in 2018. The Corporation has completed
its accounting for the enactment-date income tax effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification Topic 740
(Income Taxes). 

 
 


 103   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The reconciliation between income tax
expense and a theoretical U.S. tax computed by applying a rate of  21  percent for 2018 and  35  percent for 2017 and 2016
is as follows:  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   (754) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,832) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,801 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,969 
   
  
 
   
   Theoretical tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,789 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of equity
  method of accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. taxes
  in excess of/(less than) theoretical U.S. tax  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (582) 
   
  
 
   
   Enactment-date
  effects of U.S. tax reform 
   
  
     
   
  
   (291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,942) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,733) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective tax
  rate calculation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity company income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,692 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  before taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,661 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective income
  tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   37% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13% 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   2016 includes a $ 227  million expense from an adjustment to deferred taxes and a
$548 million benefit from an adjustment to a tax position in prior years. 

 (2)   2017 includes an exploration tax
benefit of $708 million. 2016 includes an exploration tax benefit of $ 198  million and benefits from
an adjustment to a prior year tax position of $176 million.    

    

 
 


 104   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Deferred
income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amount of
assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and such
amounts recognized for tax purposes.  

 Deferred tax liabilities/(assets) are
comprised of the following at December 31:  

   

 
  
   
   Tax effects
  of temporary differences for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,559 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,625 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,184 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,338) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset retirement
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Tax loss
  carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,767) 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,498) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,832) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,052) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,174) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset valuation
  allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,565 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,575 
   
  
 



   

 In 2018, asset valuation allowances of
$1,826 million decreased by $ 739  million, including $ 234  million related to U.S.
tax reform and $ 333  million related to a reduction
in deferred tax assets. 

   

 
  
   
   Balance sheet
  classification 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,209) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,318) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,893 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,575 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation’s undistributed earnings
from subsidiary companies outside the United States include amounts that have
been retained to fund prior and future capital project expenditures. Deferred
income taxes have not been recorded for potential future tax obligations, such
as foreign withholding tax and state tax, as these undistributed earnings are
expected to be indefinitely reinvested for the foreseeable future. As of
December 31, 2018, it is not practicable to estimate the unrecognized deferred
tax liability. However, unrecognized deferred taxes on remittance of these
funds are not expected to be material. 

    

 
 


 105   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits.  The Corporation is subject to income
taxation in many jurisdictions around the world. Unrecognized tax benefits
reflect the difference between positions taken or expected to be taken on
income tax returns and the amounts recognized in the financial statements. The
following table summarizes the movement in unrecognized tax benefits:  

   

 
  
   
   Gross
  unrecognized tax benefits 
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  January 1 
   
  
   8,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,396 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions based on
  current year's tax positions 
   
  
   375 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   (125) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (865) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,019) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions due
  to lapse of the statute of limitations 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Settlements with
  tax authorities 
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (782) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  effects/other 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  December 31 
   
  
   9,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
 



   

 The gross unrecognized tax benefit
balances shown above are predominantly related to tax positions that would
reduce the Corporation’s effective tax rate if the positions are favorably
resolved. Unfavorable resolution of these tax positions generally would not
increase the effective tax rate. The 2018, 2017 and 2016 changes in
unrecognized tax benefits did not have a material effect on the Corporation’s
net income.  

 Resolution
of these tax positions through negotiations with the relevant tax authorities
or through litigation will take many years to complete. It is difficult to
predict the timing of resolution for tax positions since such timing is not
entirely within the control of the Corporation. In the United States, the
Corporation has various ongoing U.S. federal income tax positions at issue with
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for tax years beginning in 2006. The IRS has
asserted penalties associated with several of those positions. The Corporation
has not recognized the penalties as an expense because the Corporation does not
expect the penalties to be sustained under applicable law. The Corporation has
filed a refund suit for tax years 2006-2009 in a U.S. federal district court
with respect to the positions at issue for those years. Unfavorable resolution
of all positions at issue with the IRS would not have a materially adverse
effect on the Corporation’s net income or liquidity. 

 It
is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could
increase or decrease by  10  percent in the next 12
months with no material impact on the Corporation's net income. 

 The following table summarizes the tax years that remain
subject to examination by major tax jurisdiction:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Country of
  Operation 
   
  
   Open Tax Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Abu Dhabi 
   
  
   2018 …..  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
   2017 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   2008 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   2016 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   2000 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equatorial
  Guinea 
   
  
   2007 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Indonesia 
   
  
   2007 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Iraq 
   
  
   2013 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Malaysia 
   
  
   2009 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
   2006 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   2007 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
   2008 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Russia 
   
  
   2016 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   2015 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2006 - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation classifies interest on
income tax-related balances as interest expense or interest income and
classifies tax-related penalties as operating expense.  

 The
Corporation incurred $ 3  million, $ 36  million and $ 4  million in interest
expense on income tax reserves in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The
related interest payable balances were $ 169  million and $ 168  million at
December 31, 2018, and 2017, respectively. 

    



 
  




 


 106   


 
 

 


 SUPPLEMENTAL    INFORMATION 
  ON    OIL    AND    GAS    EXPLORATION 
  AND    PRODUCTION 
  ACTIVITIES    (unaudited)   

      


 
 The results of operations for producing
activities shown below do not include earnings from other activities that ExxonMobil
includes in the Upstream function, such as oil and gas transportation
operations, LNG liquefaction and transportation operations, coal and power
operations, technical service agreements, other nonoperating activities and
adjustments for noncontrolling interests. These excluded amounts for both
consolidated and equity companies totaled $1,484 million in 2018, $1,402
million in 2017 and $719 million in 2016. Oil sands mining operations are
included in the results of operations in accordance with Securities and
Exchange Commission and Financial Accounting Standards Board rules. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2018 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,491 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,908 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   873 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,206 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,892 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,114 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,109 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   665 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   809 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,928 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   953 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,503 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   622 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,459 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   606 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,931 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,649 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2018 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,195 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,531 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,726 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   745 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   462 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   882 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,198 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   518 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,946 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,595 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 107   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   993 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,262 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,440 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,702 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   626 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,447 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   647 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,401 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   684 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   811 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,717 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,154) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   695 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,610 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,147 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   638 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,238 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,277 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   892 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   963 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,997 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,709 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,054 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,343 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,953 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,660 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,257 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,917 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,113 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   572 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,331 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   762 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,387 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
     
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (900) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   927 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,481) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,391 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,162 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   527 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   881 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,958 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   (523) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 108   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Costs  

 The amounts shown for net capitalized
costs of consolidated subsidiaries are $13,474 million less at year-end 2018
and $15,292 million less at year-end 2017 than the amounts reported as
investments in property, plant and equipment for the Upstream in Note 9.
This is due to the exclusion from capitalized costs of certain
transportation and research assets and assets relating to LNG operations.
Assets related to oil sands and oil shale mining operations are included
in the capitalized costs in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board rules. 

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized
  Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   722 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,273 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,300 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,414 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,573 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   276,452 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,400 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total capitalized
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   144,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   356,425 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   175,237 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   181,188 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,532 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,032 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,785 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total capitalized
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,763 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,349 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,464 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,885 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,463 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,427 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,890 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,808 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   278,621 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,906 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total capitalized
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   140,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   354,417 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   169,418 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,204 
   
  
     
   
  
   184,999 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,181 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,572 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,912 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,270 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total capitalized
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,754 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,866 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,888 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 109   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Costs (continued)  

 The
amounts reported as costs incurred include both capitalized costs and costs
charged to expense during the year. Costs incurred also include new asset
retirement obligations established in the current year, as well as increases or
decreases to the asset retirement obligation resulting from changes in cost
estimates or abandonment date. Total consolidated costs incurred in 2018 were $16,328 million,
down $3,316 million from 2017, due primarily to lower acquisition costs of
unproved properties, partially offset by higher development costs. In 2017
costs were $19,644 million, up $8,269 million from 2016, due primarily to
acquisitions of unproved properties, partially offset by lower development
costs including lower asset retirement obligation cost estimates mainly in the
North Sea. Total equity company costs incurred in 2018 were $3,031 million, down
$2,977 million from 2017, due primarily to lower acquisition costs of unproved
properties.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Costs
  Incurred in Property Acquisitions, 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  and Development Activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   During 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,228 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,421 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,959 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,328 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,031 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   583 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,877 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   877 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,934 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,644 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,008 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,631 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,474 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,143 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
 




 


 110   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Reserves  

 The following information describes
changes during the years and balances of proved oil and gas reserves at
year-end 2016, 2017 and 2018.  

 The
definitions used are in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Commission’s Rule 4-10 (a) of Regulation S-X.  

 Proved
oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas,
which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
reasonable certainty to be economically producible – from a given date forward,
from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating
methods and government regulations – prior to the time at which contracts
providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal
is reasonably certain. In some cases, substantial new investments in additional
wells and related facilities will be required to recover these proved reserves.
 

 In
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules, the
Corporation’s year-end reserves volumes as well as the reserves change
categories shown in the following tables are required to be calculated on the
basis of average prices during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of
the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period.
These reserves quantities are also used in calculating unit‑of-production
depreciation rates and in calculating the standardized measure of discounted
net cash flows.  

 Revisions
can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of
proved reserves for existing fields due to the evaluation or re-evaluation of
(1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new
geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in the average of
first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and / or costs that are used in the
estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from significant changes in
either development strategy or production equipment/facility capacity. Reserve
volumes that were subject to a downward revision can be revised upward at some
point in the future when price levels increase, costs decline, and / or
operating efficiencies occur.  

 Proved
reserves include 100 percent of each majority-owned affiliate’s participation
in proved reserves and ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage of the proved reserves
of equity companies, but exclude royalties and quantities due others. Natural gas
reserves exclude the gaseous equivalent of liquids expected to be removed from
the natural gas on leases, at field facilities and at gas processing plants.
These liquids are included in net proved reserves of crude oil and natural gas
liquids.  

 In
the proved reserves tables, consolidated reserves and equity company reserves
are reported separately. However, the Corporation does not view equity company
reserves any differently than those from consolidated companies.  

 Reserves
reported under production sharing and other nonconcessionary agreements are
based on the economic interest as defined by the specific fiscal terms in the
agreement. The production and reserves reported for these types of arrangements
typically vary inversely with oil and natural gas price changes. As oil and natural
gas prices increase, the cash flow and value received by the company increase;
however, the production volumes and reserves required to achieve this value
will typically be lower because of the higher prices. When prices decrease, the
opposite effect generally occurs. The percentage of total liquids and natural
gas proved reserves (consolidated subsidiaries plus equity companies) at
year-end 2018 that were associated with production sharing contract arrangements
was 8 percent of liquids, 10 percent of natural gas and 9 percent on an
oil-equivalent basis (natural gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at
six billion cubic feet per one million barrels).  

 Net
proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in
which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the
cost of a new well. Net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are
expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing
wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.  

 Crude
oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas production quantities shown are the
net volumes withdrawn from ExxonMobil’s oil and natural gas reserves. The
natural gas quantities differ from the quantities of natural gas delivered for
sale by the producing function as reported in the Operating Information due to
volumes consumed or flared and inventory changes. 

 The
changes between 2018 year-end proved reserves and 2017 year-end proved reserves
include upward revisions of 3.4 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl as a result
of improved prices; downward natural gas revisions for the Groningen field in
the Netherlands; and extensions/discoveries primarily in the United States.  In  2018, the Dutch Cabinet notified Parliament of its intention to
further reduce previously legislated Groningen gas extraction in response to
seismic events over the last several years. In anticipation of a lower
production outlook, the Corporation reduced its estimate of proved reserves by
0.8 billion oil-equivalent barrels for the Groningen gas field. 

 The
changes between 2017 year-end proved reserves and 2016 year-end proved reserves
primarily reflect extensions/discoveries in the United States, Guyana, and the
United Arab Emirates, as well as purchases in the Permian Basin and offshore
Area 4 in Mozambique, along with upward revisions to North America natural gas,
liquids in the United Arab Emirates, and bitumen at Kearl and Cold Lake.
Downward revisions are reflected in Europe for the Groningen gas field.  

 The
downward revisions in 2016, as the result of very low prices during 2016,
included the entire 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl. In addition, 0.8
billion barrels of oil equivalent across the remainder of North America no longer
qualified as proved reserves at year-end 2016 mainly due to the acceleration of
the projected end-of-field-life.  


 


 111   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids 
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   2,378 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   184 
   
  
   963 
   
  
   2,825 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   6,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,954 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (307) 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,748) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,823) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   (168) 
   
  
   (140) 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   (531) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (731) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   6,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,737 
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   191 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   236 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   2,417 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   3,941 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   7,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,557 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   6,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,737 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   70 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   490 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   654 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   428 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   597 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   384 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   764 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (700) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   2,695 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   729 
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   7,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,302 
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   236 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (131) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   245 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   2,940 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   735 
   
  
   4,593 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   8,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,029 
   
  
 




 


 112   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids 
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   2,695 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   729 
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   7,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,302 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   595 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   720 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   (138) 
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   (498) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (698) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
   3,204 
   
  
   529 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   604 
   
  
   3,357 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   7,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,020 
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   245 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   1,020 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2018 
   
  
   3,458 
   
  
   529 
   
  
   181 
   
  
   610 
   
  
   4,377 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   9,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,657 
   
  
 




 


 113   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil and Natural Gas Liquids 
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,317 
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
   836 
   
  
   1,858 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   4,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,378 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   210 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,626 
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
   169 
   
  
   1,025 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   3,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,359 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   443 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   3,189 
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
   4,440 
   
  
   179 
   
  
   9,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,557 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,489 
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
   676 
   
  
   2,182 
   
  
   131 
   
  
   4,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   657 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,819 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,019 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   2,167 
   
  
   337 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   4,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,483 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   431 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   486 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   3,912 
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
   819 
   
  
   5,058 
   
  
   162 
   
  
   10,544 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,029 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
   578 
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
   118 
   
  
   4,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,299 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   919 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,142 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   2,616 
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   4,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,721 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   433 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
   4,576 
   
  
   556 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
   695 
   
  
   4,810 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   11,006 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   4,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,657 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   See previous pages for natural gas
liquids proved reserves attributable to consolidated subsidiaries and equity
companies. For additional information on natural gas liquids proved reserves
see Item 2. Properties in ExxonMobil’s 2018 Form 10-K.  


 


 114   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products   (1)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   19,380 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   1,956 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   5,329 
   
  
   7,041 
   
  
   35,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,892 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (1,630) 
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   658 
   
  
   (943) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,980) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,223) 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
   (2,534) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   17,786 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   1,659 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   4,921 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   33,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,309 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   220 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,903 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   16,461 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   24,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,867 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (398) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,044) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,455) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (374) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   211 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,624 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,234 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   23,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,665 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2016 
   
  
   17,997 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   9,283 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   20,155 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   56,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,974 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   17,786 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   1,659 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   4,921 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   33,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,309 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   649 
   
  
   206 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
   33 
   
  
   673 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   982 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   956 
   
  
   269 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,168) 
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
   (408) 
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
   (2,592) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,131) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   19,033 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
   595 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   33,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,903 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   211 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,624 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,234 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   23,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,665 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,018) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (138) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   914 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,416) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (367) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   223 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,164 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   14,248 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,318 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2017 
   
  
   19,256 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   18,588 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   55,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,221 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)    
  Natural gas is converted to an
oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. 


 


 115   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products   (1)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved developed
  and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   19,033 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
   595 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   33,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,903 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   306 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,626 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   104 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (264) 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   3,658 
   
  
   506 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   4,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,654 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
   (361) 
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
   (353) 
   
  
   (504) 
   
  
   (2,395) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,097) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2018 
   
  
   21,403 
   
  
   1,744 
   
  
   1,312 
   
  
   588 
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
   7,462 
   
  
   36,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,078 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   223 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,164 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   14,248 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,318 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (4,801) 
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (4,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (753) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (268) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (345) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2018 
   
  
   225 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
   863 
   
  
   13,321 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,215 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2018 
   
  
   21,628 
   
  
   1,744 
   
  
   2,369 
   
  
   1,451 
   
  
   17,162 
   
  
   7,462 
   
  
   51,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,293 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)    
  Natural gas is
converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million
barrels.  


 


 116   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (1)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   11,927 
   
  
   478 
   
  
   1,473 
   
  
   728 
   
  
   4,532 
   
  
   3,071 
   
  
   22,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,079 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5,804 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   14,067 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   20,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,671 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   5,859 
   
  
   462 
   
  
   186 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   389 
   
  
   4,286 
   
  
   11,225 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   994 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2016 
   
  
   17,997 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   9,283 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   20,155 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   56,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,974 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   12,649 
   
  
   512 
   
  
   1,231 
   
  
   584 
   
  
   4,030 
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
   23,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,724 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,898 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,232 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   6,384 
   
  
   860 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   310 
   
  
   2,474 
   
  
   10,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,179 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   1,350 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2017 
   
  
   19,256 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   18,588 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   55,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,221 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   12,538 
   
  
   605 
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
   581 
   
  
   3,618 
   
  
   4,336 
   
  
   22,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,098 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   152 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   988 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   11,951 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,324 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
   1,139 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   223 
   
  
   3,126 
   
  
   13,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,980 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   863 
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   891 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2018 
   
  
   21,628 
   
  
   1,744 
   
  
   2,369 
   
  
   1,451 
   
  
   17,162 
   
  
   7,462 
   
  
   51,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,293 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)    
  Natural gas is converted to an
oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. 


 


 117   


 
 

 


      


 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Cash Flows  

 As required by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
is computed by applying first-day-of-the-month average prices,
year-end costs and legislated tax rates and a discount factor of 10
percent to net proved reserves. The standardized measure includes costs
for future dismantlement, abandonment and rehabilitation obligations.
The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide
a reliable estimate of the Corporation’s expected future cash flows to be
obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or
of the value of its proved oil and gas reserves. The standardized measure is
prepared on the basis of certain prescribed assumptions including
first-day-of-the-month average prices, which represent discrete points in time
and therefore may cause significant variability in cash flows from year to year
as prices change.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas   (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,997 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   372,621 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   161,562 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,812 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,435 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,731 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,812 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,662 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   104,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   146,372 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,194 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,652 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,828 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,698 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,497 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to noncontrolling interests in ExxonMobil consolidated
subsidiaries of $706 million in 2016.  


 


 118   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas   (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   186,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   555,081 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   201,880 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,630 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   125,645 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   129,926 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,255) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,725 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,366 
   
  
     
   
  
   127,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,930 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,594 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,167 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,593 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,576 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,573 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,003 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,204 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   265,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   204,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   849,394 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   125,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,081 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,755 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,877 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,491 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,677 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,414 
   
  
     
   
  
   217,085 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,509 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   110,981 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,640 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,104 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   165,471 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   194,242 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,211 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,189 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,238 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,604 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   713 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,032 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,572 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,676 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to noncontrolling interests in ExxonMobil consolidated
subsidiaries of  $1,016 million in 2017 and $2,823 million in 2018. 


 


 119   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,382 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,540) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,650) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,438 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,343 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,908 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,425 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,333 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,854 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,711 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,002 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,538 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,540 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,625) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,826) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,451) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)    
  Securities and
Exchange Commission  (SEC)
rules require the Corporation’s reserves to be calculated on the basis of
average first-of-month oil and natural gas prices during the reporting year. As
a result of very low prices during 2016, under the SEC definition of proved
reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas that qualified as proved
reserves in prior years did not qualify as proved reserves at year-end 2016.
Future net cash flows for these quantities are excluded from the 2016
Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Cash Flows. Substantially all of this
reduction in discounted future net cash flows since December 31, 2015, is
reflected in the line “Net change in prices, lifting and development costs” in
the table above. 

    

   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved recovery
  and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,375 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,630 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,911) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,269) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,066 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,086 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,485 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,580 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,773 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,075 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29,927) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,802 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,853 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,204 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 120   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,204 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,472 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,338 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31,706) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,956) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,662) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,762 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,262 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,798 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,582 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,380 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,515 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,091) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,424 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,793 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,043 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,836 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28,469) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,903 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,569 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,472 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,572 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   143,676 
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 121   


 
 

 


 OPERATING INFORMATION (unaudited) 


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen and synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   551 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   412 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   474 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   711 
   
  
     
   
  
   698 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   684 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   2,266 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   3,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,139 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,099 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   1,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   9,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,515 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,145 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production   (1)  
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,591 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   690 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   647 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Non-U.S. 
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   4,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,476 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   499 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,555 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific
  and other Eastern Hemisphere 
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,085 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Latin America 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gasoline,
  naphthas 
   
  
   2,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heating oils,
  kerosene, diesel oils 
   
  
   1,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,912 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Aviation fuels 
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heavy fuels 
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Specialty
  petroleum products 
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
   665 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
     
   
  
   698 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,528 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   17,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,707 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   26,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,235 
   
  
 



   

 Operating statistics include 100 percent
of operations of majority-owned subsidiaries; for other companies, crude
production, gas, petroleum product and chemical prime product sales include
ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage and refining throughput includes quantities
processed for ExxonMobil. Net production excludes royalties and quantities due
others when produced, whether payment is made in kind or cash.  

 (1)   Natural gas is converted to an
oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand
barrels.    

 (2)   Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty.    

     



 
  



 


 122   


 
 

 


 INDEX TO EXHIBITS  


 
 
 
  
   
   Exhibit 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Restated
  Certificate of Incorporation, as restated November 30, 1999, and as
  further amended effective June 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  3(i) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2015). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   By-Laws, as
  revised effective November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  3(ii) to the Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K of October 31, 2017). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.1) 
   
  
   2003
  Incentive Program, as approved by shareholders May 28, 2003 (incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(a.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
  10-K for 2017).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.2) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Agreements (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(a.2) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.3) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Unit Agreements – Settlement in Shares.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.1) 
   
  
   Short Term
  Incentive Program, as amended.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.2) 
   
  
   Earnings
  Bonus Unit instrument.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.1) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.1)
  to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
  30, 2017).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.2) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Pension Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.2)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.3) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Additional Payments Plan.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(d) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Executive Life Insurance and Death Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.1) 
   
  
   2004
  Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.2) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director restricted grants dated
  September 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.2) to
  the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.3) 
   
  
   Form of
  restricted stock grant letter for non-employee directors (incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.3) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
  10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.4) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director cash fees dated October 26, 2011
  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.4) to the Registrant’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2015).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   14 
   
  
   Code of
  Ethics and Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
  Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2017).  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries
  of the registrant. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.1 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Chief
  Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.2 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Financial Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.3 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Accounting Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.1 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Chief
  Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.2 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Financial
  Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.3 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal
  Accounting Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive
  data files. 
   
  
 
   
   _____________________ 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


           *  Compensatory plan or arrangement required to be identified
pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

 The registrant has not filed with this report copies of the
instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant
and its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial
statements are required to be filed. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of
any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 



 
  




 


 123   


 
 

 


   


 
 SIGNATURES
 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   EXXON MOBIL
  CORPORATION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   By: 
   
  
   /s/    DARREN W.
  WOODS         
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Darren W. Woods, 
   Chairman of the
  Board) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


 


 Dated February 27, 2019  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

    

   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY  

 Each person whose signature appears below
constitutes and appoints Beth E. Casteel, Z. John Atanas, and Richard C. Vint
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
and on February 27, 2019.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DARREN
  W. WOODS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   
  
 
   
   (Darren W. Woods) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    SUSAN
  K. AVERY 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Susan K. Avery) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    ANGELA
  F. BRALY 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Angela F. Braly) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    URSULA
  M. BURNS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ursula M. Burns) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 124   


 
 

 


   


 
 

 
  
   
   /s/    KENNETH C.
  FRAZIER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Kenneth C. Frazier) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    STEVEN A.
  KANDARIAN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Steven A. Kandarian) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DOUGLAS R.
  OBERHELMAN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas R. Oberhelman) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    SAMUEL
  J. PALMISANO 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Samuel J. Palmisano) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    STEVEN S
  REINEMUND 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Steven S Reinemund) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    WILLIAM C.
  WELDON 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William C. Weldon) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    ANDREW P.
  SWIGER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
 
   
   (Andrew P. Swiger) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DAVID S.
  ROSENTHAL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Vice President and Controller 
   
  
 
   
   (David S. Rosenthal) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   




 


 125   


 
 
 
 
