
 10-Q
 1
 eix-sce2018q110q.htm
 10-Q
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) þ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the transition period from                        to Commission File Number   Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter   State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization   IRS Employer Identification Number 1-9936   EDISON INTERNATIONAL   California   95-4137452 1-2313   SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY   California   95-1240335 EDISON INTERNATIONAL   SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY 2244 Walnut Grove Avenue (P.O. Box 976) Rosemead, California 91770 (Address of principal executive offices)   2244 Walnut Grove Avenue (P.O. Box 800) Rosemead, California 91770 (Address of principal executive offices) (626) 302-2222 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)   (626) 302-1212 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Edison International         Yes  þ  No  o      Southern California Edison Company     Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Edison International         Yes  þ  No  o      Southern California Edison Company     Yes  þ  No  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-12 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): Edison International Large Accelerated Filer  þ Accelerated Filer  ¨ Non-accelerated Filer  ¨ Smaller Reporting Company  ¨ Emerging growth company  ¨ Southern California Edison Company Large Accelerated Filer  ¨ Accelerated Filer  ¨ Non-accelerated Filer  þ Smaller Reporting Company  ¨ Emerging growth company  ¨               If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Edison International         o          Southern California Edison Company         ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Edison International         Yes  ¨  No  þ      Southern California Edison Company     Yes  ¨  No  þ Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Common Stock outstanding as of April 27, 2018:      Edison International   325,811,206 shares Southern California Edison Company   434,888,104 shares               TABLE OF CONTENTS             SEC Form 10-Q Reference Number GLOSSARY iii   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 3 Part I, Item 2   MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW 3       Highlights of Operating Results 3       Southern California Wildfires 4       Montecito Mudslides 5       Permanent Retirement of San Onofre 5       Capital Program 6       2018 General Rate Case 6     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 6     Southern California Edison Company 6       Three months ended March 31, 2018 versus March 31, 2017 7         Earning Activities 7         Cost-Recovery Activities 8     Supplemental Operating Revenue Information 8     Income Taxes 8     Edison International Parent and Other 9       Strategic Review of Edison Energy Group Competitive Businesses 9       Income from Continuing Operations 9     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 9     Southern California Edison Company 9       Available Liquidity 9       Capital Investment Plan 10       Dividend Restrictions 10       Margin and Collateral Deposits 11     Edison International Parent and Other 11     Historical Cash Flows 12       Southern California Edison Company 12       Edison International Parent and Other 15     Contingencies 15     MARKET RISK EXPOSURES 15     Commodity Price Risk 15     Credit Risk 16     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND POLICIES 16     NEW ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE 16   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 16 Part I, Item 3 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 18 Part I, Item 1   Edison International Consolidated Statements of Income 18     Edison International Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 19   i   Edison International Consolidated Balance Sheets 20     Edison International Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 22     SCE Consolidated Statements of Income 23     SCE Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 23     SCE Consolidated Balance Sheets 24     SCE Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 26     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 27       Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 27       Note 2. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 31       Note 3. Variable Interest Entities 32       Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 34       Note 5. Debt and Credit Agreements 37       Note 6. Derivative Instruments  38       Note 7. Revenue 40       Note 8. Income Taxes 43       Note 9. Compensation and Benefit Plans 44       Note 10. Investments 45       Note 11. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 47       Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies 48       Note 13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 54       Note 14. Other Income and Expenses 55       Note 15. Supplemental Cash Flows Information 55   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 56 Part I, Item 4   Disclosure Controls and Procedures 56     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 56     Jointly Owned Utility Plant 56   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 56 Part II, Item 1   December 2017 Wildfires Litigation 56     Montecito Mudslides Litigation 56   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 57 Part II, Item 2   Purchases of Equity Securities by Edison International and Affiliated Purchasers 57   EXHIBITS 58 Part II, Item 6 SIGNATURES 59   This is a combined Form 10-Q separately filed by Edison International and Southern California Edison Company. Information contained herein relating to an individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf. Each company makes representations only as to itself and makes no other representation whatsoever as to any other company. ii GLOSSARY The following terms and abbreviations appearing in the text of this report have the meanings indicated below. 2017 Form 10-K   Edison International's and SCE's combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2017 AFUDC   allowance for funds used during construction ALJ   administrative law judge ARO(s)   asset retirement obligation(s) Bcf   billion cubic feet bonus depreciation   Current federal tax deduction of a percentage of the qualifying property placed in service during periods permitted under tax laws   BRRBA   Base Revenue Requirement Balancing Account CAISO   California Independent System Operator Cal Fire   California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection CCAs   Community Choice Aggregators which are cities, counties, and certain other public agencies with the authority to generate and/or purchase electricity for their local residents and businesses  CPUC   California Public Utilities Commission DOE   U.S. Department of Energy DERs   distributed energy resources DRP   Distributed Resources Plan Edison Energy   Edison Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edison Energy Group that advises and provides energy solutions to large energy users Edison Energy Group   Edison Energy Group, Inc., the holding company for subsidiaries engaged in competitive businesses focused on providing energy services, including distributed generation and/or storage, to commercial and industrial customers EME   Edison Mission Energy EME Settlement Agreement   Settlement Agreement by and among Edison Mission Energy, Edison International and the Consenting Noteholders identified therein, dated February 18, 2014 ERRA   Energy Resource Recovery Account FASB   Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission GAAP   generally accepted accounting principles GHG   greenhouse gas GRC   general rate case GWh   gigawatt-hours HLBV   hypothetical liquidation at book value IRS   Internal Revenue Service Joint Proxy Statement   Edison International's and SCE's definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC in connection with Edison International's and SCE's Annual Shareholders' Meeting held on April 26, 2018 MD&A   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report MHI   Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Inc. and related companies MW   megawatts MWdc   megawatts measured for solar projects representing the accumulated peak capacity of all the solar modules NDCTP   Nuclear Decommissioning Cost Triennial Proceeding NEIL   Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited NEM   net energy metering NERC   North American Electric Reliability Corporation NOL   net operating loss iii NRC   Nuclear Regulatory Commission ORA   CPUC's Office of Ratepayers Advocates OII   Order Instituting Investigation OII Parties   SCE, SDG&E, The Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility, The California Large Energy Consumers Association, California State University, Citizens Oversight dba Coalition to Decommission San Onofre, the Coalition of California Utility Employees, the Direct Access Customer Coalition, Ruth Henricks, ORA, TURN, and Women's Energy Matters, all of whom are parties to the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement Palo Verde   nuclear electric generating facility located near Phoenix, Arizona in which SCE holds a 15.8% ownership interest PBOP(s)   postretirement benefits other than pension(s) Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement   San Onofre OII Settlement Agreement by and among TURN, ORA, SDG&E, the Coalition of California Utility Employees, and Friends of the Earth, dated November 20, 2014 Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement   Revised San Onofre OII Settlement Agreement among OII Parties, dated January 30, 2018 ROE   return on common equity S&P   Standard & Poor's Ratings Services San Onofre   retired nuclear generating facility located in south San Clemente, California in which SCE holds a 78.21% ownership interest San Onofre OII Settlement Agreement   Settlement Agreement by and among SCE, TURN, ORA, SDG&E, the Coalition of California Utility Employees, and Friends of the Earth, dated November 20, 2014 SCE   Southern California Edison Company SDG&E   San Diego Gas & Electric SEC   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SED   Safety and Enforcement Division of the CPUC SoCalGas   Southern California Gas Company SoCore Energy   SoCore Energy LLC, a former subsidiary of Edison Energy Group that was sold in April 2018 TAMA   Tax Accounting Memorandum Account Tax Reform   Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed into law on December 22, 2017 TURN   The Utility Reform Network US EPA   U.S. Environmental Protection Agency iv FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect Edison International's and SCE's current expectations and projections about future events based on Edison International's and SCE's knowledge of present facts and circumstances and assumptions about future events and include any statements that do not directly relate to a historical or current fact. Other information distributed by Edison International and SCE that is incorporated in this report, or that refers to or incorporates this report, may also contain forward-looking statements. In this report and elsewhere, the words "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "projects," "intends," "plans," "probable," "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," and variations of such words and similar expressions, or discussions of strategy or plans, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Some of the risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause results to differ from those currently expected, or that otherwise could impact Edison International and SCE, include, but are not limited to the: • ability of SCE to recover its costs in a timely manner from its customers through regulated rates, including costs related to uninsured wildfire-related and mudslide-related liabilities, spending on grid modernization and other capital spending incurred prior to explicit regulatory approval; • ability to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost, including insurance relating to SCE's nuclear facilities and wildfire-related and mudslide-related exposure, and to recover the costs of such insurance or, in the absence of insurance, the ability to recover uninsured losses; • decisions and other actions by the CPUC, the FERC, the NRC and other regulatory authorities, including determinations of authorized rates of return or return on equity, the 2018 GRC, the recoverability of wildfire-related and mudslide-related costs, and delays in regulatory actions; • ability of Edison International or SCE to borrow funds and access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms; • risks associated with the decommissioning of San Onofre, including those related to public opposition, permitting, governmental approvals, on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, and cost overruns; • extreme weather-related incidents and other natural disasters, including earthquakes and events caused, or exacerbated, by climate change, such as wildfires; • risks associated with cost allocation resulting in higher rates for utility bundled service customers because of possible customer bypass or departure due to CCAs; • risks inherent in SCE's transmission and distribution infrastructure investment program, including those related to project site identification, public opposition, environmental mitigation, construction, permitting, power curtailment costs (payments due under power contracts in the event there is insufficient transmission to enable acceptance of power delivery), changes in the CAISO's transmission plans, and governmental approvals; • risks associated with the operation of transmission and distribution assets and power generating facilities, including public safety issues, failure, availability, efficiency, and output of equipment and availability and cost of spare parts; • physical security of Edison International's and SCE's critical assets and personnel and the cybersecurity of Edison International's and SCE's critical information technology systems for grid control, and business, employee and customer data; • ability of Edison International to develop competitive businesses, manage new business risks, and recover and earn a return on its investment in newly developed or acquired businesses; • changes in tax laws and regulations, at both the state and federal levels, or changes in the application of those laws, that could affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and effective tax rate; • changes in the fair value of investments and other assets; • changes in interest rates and rates of inflation, including escalation rates (which may be adjusted by public utility regulators); • governmental, statutory, regulatory, or administrative changes or initiatives affecting the electricity industry, including the market structure rules applicable to each market adopted by the NERC, CAISO, Western Electricity Council, and similar regulatory bodies in adjoining regions; 1 • availability and creditworthiness of counterparties and the resulting effects on liquidity in the power and fuel markets and/or the ability of counterparties to pay amounts owed in excess of collateral provided in support of their obligations; • cost and availability of labor, equipment and materials; • potential for penalties or disallowance for non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations; and • cost of fuel for generating facilities and related transportation, which could be impacted by, among other things, disruption of natural gas storage facilities, to the extent not recovered through regulated rate cost escalation provisions or balancing accounts. Additional information about risks and uncertainties, including more detail about the factors described in this report, is contained throughout this report and in the 2017 Form 10-K, including the "Risk Factors" section. Readers are urged to read this entire report, including information incorporated by reference, as well as the 2017 Form 10-K, and carefully consider the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that affect Edison International's and SCE's businesses. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and neither Edison International nor SCE are obligated to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements. Readers should review future reports filed by Edison International and SCE with the SEC. Edison International and SCE provide direct links to certain SCE and other parties' regulatory filings and documents with the CPUC and the FERC and certain agency rulings and notices in open proceedings at www.edisoninvestor.com (SCE Regulatory Highlights) so that such filings, rulings and notices are available to all investors. Edison International and SCE post or provide direct links to certain documents and information related to Southern California wildfires which may be of interest to investors at www.edisoninvestor.com (Southern California Wildfires) in order to publicly disseminate such information. Edison International and SCE also routinely post or provide direct links to presentations, documents and other information that may be of interest to investors at www.edisoninvestor.com (Events and Presentations) in order to publicly disseminate such information. The MD&A for the three months ended March 31, 2018 discusses material changes in the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and other developments of Edison International and SCE since December 31, 2017, and as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2017. This discussion presumes that the reader has read or has access to Edison International's and SCE's MD&A for the calendar year 2017 (the "year-ended 2017 MD&A"), which was included in the 2017 Form 10-K. Except when otherwise stated, references to each of Edison International, SCE, or Edison Energy Group mean each such company with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to "Edison International Parent and Other" mean Edison International Parent and its consolidated competitive subsidiaries. 2 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW Highlights of Operating Results Edison International is the parent holding company of SCE and Edison Energy Group. SCE is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. Edison Energy Group is a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and managed portfolio solutions to commercial and industrial customers. Edison Energy Group's business activities are currently not material to report as a separate business segment. References to Edison International refer to the consolidated group of Edison International and its subsidiaries. References to Edison International Parent and Other refer to Edison International Parent and its competitive subsidiaries. Unless otherwise described, all the information contained in this report relates to both filers.      Three months ended March 31,     (in millions)   2018   2017   Change Net income (loss) attributable to Edison International         Continuing operations             SCE   $ 286   $ 349   $ (63 ) Edison International Parent and Other   (68 )   13   (81 ) Edison International   218   362   (144 ) Less: Non-core items                  SCE   —   —   —      Edison International Parent and Other   (44 )   —   (44 ) Total non-core items   (44 )   —   (44 ) Core earnings (losses)             SCE   286   349   (63 ) Edison International Parent and Other   (24 )   13   (37 ) Edison International   $ 262   $ 362   $ (100 ) Edison International's earnings are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Management uses core earnings internally for financial planning and for analysis of performance. Core earnings (losses) are also used when communicating with investors and analysts regarding Edison International's earnings results to facilitate comparisons of the company's performance from period to period. Core earnings (losses) are a non-GAAP financial measure and may not be comparable to those of other companies. Core earnings (losses) are defined as earnings attributable to Edison International shareholders less non-core items. Non-core items include income or loss from discontinued operations, income resulting from allocation of losses to tax equity investors under the HLBV accounting method and income or loss from significant discrete items that management does not consider representative of ongoing earnings, such as write downs, asset impairments and other gains and losses related to certain tax, regulatory, or legal settlements or proceedings, and exit activities, including sale of certain assets and other activities that are no longer continuing.  Edison International's first quarter 2018 earnings decreased $144 million from the first quarter of 2017, comprised of a decline in SCE's earnings of  $63 million  and an increase in Edison International Parent and Other's losses of  $81 million . SCE's lower core earnings resulted from the impact of the July 2017 cost of capital decision on GRC revenue, higher operation and maintenance expenses and higher net financing costs.  Edison International Parent and Other's increase in losses for the three months ended March 31, 2018 was due to higher core losses of  $37 million  and higher non-core losses of  $44 million . The increase in core losses was due to lower income tax benefits related to stock option exercises and the impact of Tax Reform on pre-tax losses.  3 Consolidated non-core items for the first quarter of 2018 and 2017 included: • Impairment and other charges of $66 million ($48 million after tax) in the first quarter of 2018 resulting from Edison International's agreement to sell SoCore Energy to a third party. The net assets of SoCore Energy have been recorded at fair value, less expected transaction costs (see "Results of Operations—Edison International Parent and Other—Strategic Review of Edison Energy Group Competitive Business—Sale of SoCore Energy"). • Income of $6 million ($4 million after-tax) and less than $1 million for the first quarter of 2018 and 2017, respectively, related to losses (net of distributions) allocated to tax equity investors under the HLBV accounting method. Edison International core earnings reflected the operating results of the solar projects, related financings and the priority return to the tax equity investor. The losses allocated to the tax equity investor under HLBV accounting method results in income allocated to subsidiaries of Edison International, neither of which is due to the operating performance of the projects but rather due to the allocation of income tax attributes under the tax equity financing. Accordingly, Edison International has included the non-operating allocation of income as a non-core item. For further information on HLBV, see Note 1 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in the 2017 Form 10-K. Southern California Wildfires In December 2017, several wind-driven wildfires (the "December 2017 Wildfires") impacted portions of SCE's service territory and caused substantial damage to both residential and business properties and service outages for SCE customers. The largest of these fires, known as the Thomas Fire, originated in Ventura County and burned acreage located in both Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. According to the most recent California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ("Cal Fire") incident information reports, the Thomas Fire burned over 280,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 1,063 structures, damaged an estimated 280 structures and resulted in one fatality.  Determining wildfire origin and cause is often a complex and time-consuming process, and several investigations into the facts and circumstances of the Thomas Fire are believed to be ongoing. SCE has been advised that the origins and causes of the fire are being investigated by Cal Fire and the Ventura County Fire Department. In connection with its investigation of the Thomas Fire, Cal Fire has removed and retained certain of SCE's equipment that was located near suspected ignition points of the fire. The CPUC's SED is also conducting an investigation to assess the compliance of SCE and its facilities with applicable rules and regulations in areas impacted by the Thomas Fire. In addition, as it does in all wildfire matters in which its facilities may or are alleged to be involved, SCE is conducting its own investigation of the Thomas Fire. At this time, SCE cannot predict when its own investigation, or the investigations of Cal Fire, the Ventura County Fire Department or the SED, will be completed. SCE is aware of multiple lawsuits filed related to the Thomas Fire naming SCE as a defendant. Several of the lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant. Certain California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utilities’ facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused property damage. Any potential liability for December 2017 Wildfire-related damages will depend on a number of factors, including whether SCE substantially caused, or contributed to, the damages and whether parties seeking recovery of damages will be required to show negligence in addition to causation.  Given the preliminary stages of the investigations and the uncertainty as to the causes of the Thomas Fire, and the extent and magnitude of potential damages, Edison International and SCE are currently unable to predict the outcome of the claims made against SCE and Edison International or reasonably estimate a range of losses that may be incurred. SCE and Edison International’s potential liability related to the Thomas Fire could be substantial. SCE has approximately $1 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of $10 million per occurrence, for wildfire-related claims for the period ending on May 31, 2018. SCE also has approximately $300 million of additional insurance coverage for wildfire-related occurrences for the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018, which may be used in addition to the $1 billion in wildfire insurance for wildfire events occurring on or after December 31, 2017 and on or before May 31, 2018, and would be available for new wildfire events, if any, occurring after May 31, 2018 and on or before December 30, 2018. Various coverage limitations within the policies that make up SCE's wildfire insurance coverage could result in material self-insured costs in the event of multiple wildfire occurrences during a policy period. Should responsibility for a significant portion of the damages related to the December 2017 Wildfires be attributed to SCE, SCE's insurance may not be sufficient to cover all such damages. In addition, SCE may not be authorized to recover its uninsured damages through electric service rates if, for example, the CPUC finds that the damages were incurred because SCE was not a prudent manager of its facilities. 4 Edison International and SCE are pursuing legislative, regulatory and legal strategies to address the application of a strict liability standard to wildfire-related damages without the ability to recover resulting damages in rates. Edison International and SCE cannot predict whether or when a solution mitigating the significant risk faced by a California investor-owned utility related to wildfires will be achieved. For further information, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires" and "Legal Proceedings—December 2017 Wildfire Litigation." Montecito Mudslides  In January 2018, torrential rains in Santa Barbara County produced mudslides and flooding in Montecito and surrounding areas (the "Montecito Mudslides"). According to Santa Barbara County initial reports, the Montecito Mudslides destroyed an estimated 135 structures, damaged an estimated 324 structures and resulted in at least 21 fatalities, with two additional fatalities presumed. Of the lawsuits mentioned above, several allege that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas Fire and that the Thomas Fire proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides, resulting in the plaintiffs' claimed damages. Some of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant. Edison International and SCE are currently unable to predict the outcome of the claims made against SCE and Edison International or reasonably estimate a range of losses that may be incurred. SCE and Edison International's potential liability related to the Montecito Mudslides could be substantial, SCE's insurance may not be sufficient to cover such damages, and SCE may not be authorized to recover any uninsured damages in rates. For further information, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Montecito Mudslides" and "Legal Proceedings—Montecito Mudslides Litigation." Permanent Retirement of San Onofre Entry into Revised Settlement and Utility Shareholder Agreements As discussed in the year-ended 2017 MD&A, on January 30, 2018, the OII Parties entered into a Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement in the CPUC OII proceeding regarding the steam generator replacement project at San Onofre and the related outages and subsequent shutdown of San Onofre. If approved by the CPUC, the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement will resolve all issues under consideration in the San Onofre OII and will modify the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. If approved by the CPUC, the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement will also result in the dismissal of a federal lawsuit currently pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenging the CPUC's authority to permit rate recovery of San Onofre costs. The Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement was the result of multiple mediation sessions in 2017 and January 2018 and was signed on January 30, 2018 following a settlement conference in the OII, as required under CPUC rules.  Implementation of the terms of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement is subject to the approval of the CPUC, as to which there is no assurance. The OII Parties have agreed to exercise their best efforts to obtain CPUC approval, but there can be no certainty of when or what the CPUC will actually decide. The San Onofre OII Assigned Commissioner and Assigned ALJ have issued joint rulings that, among other things, (i) direct the parties to submit joint testimony to the CPUC in support of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement on April 27, 2018; (ii) direct all parties to submit briefing on whether an attorneys' fees provision in a related settlement agreement pertaining to the dismissal of a federal lawsuit challenging the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement impacts the integrity of the CPUC's intervenor compensation program; and (iii) schedule a public participation hearing and a status conference. In lieu of the joint testimony, with the ALJ's consent, the parties submitted a joint stipulation of facts in support of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement on April 27, 2018. 5 Capital Program   Total capital expenditures (including accruals) were $853 million and $647 million for the first three months of 2018 and 2017, respectively. SCE's first quarter capital spending was consistent with its 2018 plan and SCE continues to project 2018 capital expenditures of approximately $4.2 billion for 2018. As discussed in the year-ended 2017 MD&A in the absence of a 2018 GRC decision, SCE has developed, and is executing against, a 2018 capital expenditure plan that will allow SCE to ramp up its capital spending program over the three-year GRC period to meet what is ultimately authorized in the 2018 GRC decision while minimizing the associated risk of unauthorized spending. Forecasted expenditures for capital projects are subject to change due to, among other things, timeliness of permitting, licensing, regulatory approvals, and contractor bids. For further information regarding the capital program see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Capital Investment Plan" and the year-ended 2017 MD&A, "Management Overview—Capital Program." Distribution Grid Development Transportation Electrification Plan  In January 2017, SCE filed a transportation electrification plan with the CPUC to accelerate the adoption of electric transportation, which is critical to California's climate change and GHG reduction objectives. The plan proposes a five-year program to fund medium- and heavy-duty vehicle charging infrastructure that follows the model developed for SCE's Charge Ready program. The proposal has an estimated five-year cost of $554 million ($532 million capital) in 2016 dollars. In March 2018, the CPUC issued a proposed decision granting SCE $208 million in 2016 dollars to install the charging infrastructure at a minimum of 700 sites to support the electrification of at least 6,500 medium-and-heavy-duty electric vehicles. If adopted as proposed, the decision will allow customers the option to own the charging infrastructure, which would reduce the costs it can attribute to capital spending. SCE has filed comments on the proposed decision opposing treating customer-owned charging infrastructure as an expense and advocating to remove minimum site requirements based on incorrect cost estimates. SCE expects a final decision in the second quarter of 2018. SCE plans to propose additional programs and pilots in the future. The capital costs for these proposed projects are not included in SCE's capital spending and rate base forecasts. 2018 General Rate Case As discussed in the year-end 2017 MD&A, in December 2017 SCE filed an update in the GRC proceedings for the three-year period 2018 – 2020. SCE updated its 2018 revenue requirement request from $5.885 billion to $5.673 billion, a $33 million increase over the 2017 GRC authorized revenue requirement, and proposed post-test year increases in 2019 and 2020 of $477 million and $554 million, respectively. In February 2018, SCE further updated its request to incorporate the changes associated with Tax Reform, which resulted in a revenue requirement request of $5.534 billion, a decrease of $139 million from the December update filing and a $106 million decrease from the 2017 GRC authorized revenue requirement. SCE proposed post-test year increases in 2019 and 2020 of $292 million and $319 million, respectively, decreases from the December update filing of $185 million and $235 million, respectively.  A final 2018 GRC decision is not expected until later in 2018. Until a GRC decision is issued, SCE is recognizing revenue in 2018 based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirement, adjusted for the July 2017 cost of capital decision and Tax Reform. The CPUC has approved the establishment of a GRC memorandum account, which will make the 2018 revenue requirement adopted by the CPUC effective as of January 1, 2018. SCE cannot predict the revenue requirement the CPUC will authorize or provide assurance on the timing of a final decision.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Southern California Edison Company SCE's results of operations are derived mainly through two sources: • Earning activities – representing revenue authorized by the CPUC and FERC which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investment in generation, transmission, and distribution assets. The annual revenue requirements are comprised of authorized operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes, and a return consistent with the capital structure. Also, included in earnings activities are revenues or penalties related to incentive mechanisms, other operating revenue, and regulatory charges or disallowances. • Cost-recovery activities – representing CPUC- and FERC- authorized balancing accounts which allow for recovery of specific project or program costs, subject to reasonableness review or compliance with upfront standards. Cost-recovery activities include rates which provide recovery, subject to reasonableness review of, among other things, fuel costs, purchased power costs, public purpose related-program costs (including energy efficiency and demand-side management programs), and certain operation and maintenance expenses. SCE earns no return on these activities. 6 The following table is a summary of SCE's results of operations for the periods indicated. Three months ended March 31, 2018 versus March 31, 2017   Three months ended March 31, 2018 Three months ended March 31, 2017 (in millions) Earning Activities Cost- Recovery Activities Total Consolidated Earning Activities Cost-Recovery Activities Total Consolidated Operating revenue $ 1,513 $ 1,041 $ 2,554 $ 1,552 $ 904 $ 2,456 Purchased power and fuel — 926 926 — 784 784 Operation and maintenance 1 509 142 651 450 130 580 Depreciation and amortization 459 — 459 497 — 497 Property and other taxes 105 — 105 97 — 97 Other operating income (1 ) — (1 ) — — — Total operating expenses 1,072 1,068 2,140 1,044 914 1,958 Operating income 441 (27 ) 414 508 (10 ) 498 Interest expense (155 ) — (155 ) (141 ) — (141 ) Other income and expenses 1 24 27 51 25 10 35 Income before income taxes 310 — 310 392 — 392 Income tax expense (benefits) (6 ) — (6 ) 12 — 12 Net income 316 — 316 380 — 380 Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements 30 — 30 31 — 31 Net income available for common stock $ 286 $ — $ 286 $ 349 $ — $ 349 Net income available for common stock     $ 286     $ 349 Less:                 Non-core earnings     —     — Core earnings 2     $ 286     $ 349 1   Expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were updated to reflect the implementation of the accounting standard update for net periodic benefit costs related to the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.   For further information, see Note 1 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 2   See use of non-GAAP financial measures in "Management Overview—Highlights of Operating Results." Earning Activities  Earning activities were primarily affected by the following: • Lower operating revenue of $39 million primarily due to the following: • A decrease of $36 million in CPUC revenue related to recognizing revenue based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirement, adjusted for the July 2017 cost of capital decision and the impact of Tax Reform. See "Management Overview—2018 General Rate Case" for further information.  • A decrease in FERC revenue of $15 million primarily due to the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate resulting from Tax Reform. • A decrease in revenue of $10 million related to $18 million resulting from the amortization of excess deferred tax assets as a result of Tax Reform (offset in income taxes below) partially offset by $8 million of lower 2018 incremental tax benefits refunded to customers (offset in income taxes below). See the year-end 2017 MD&A, "Management Overview—Tax Reform" for further information. • In 2017, revenue related to San Onofre were reduced by $22 million, resulting from a $65 million reduction related to the tax abandonment of San Onofre (offset in income taxes below) partially offset by revenue of $43 million related to the recovery of amortization of the San Onofre regulatory asset and authorized return as provided by the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. There is no revenue recorded in 2018 for San Onofre as a result of the Revised San  7 Onofre Settlement Agreement (see "Management Overview—Permanent Retirement of San Onofre" for further information). • Higher operation and maintenance costs of $59 million primarily due to higher insurance premiums associated with additional wildfire insurance coverage entered into in December 2017, higher transmission and distribution costs for line clearing and other maintenance expenses. • Lower depreciation and amortization expense of $38 million primarily related to the amortization of the San Onofre regulatory asset in 2017 (offset in revenue above) and lower intangible plant amortization. • Higher property and other taxes of $8 million primarily due to higher assessed values for property taxes in 2018. • Higher interest expense of $14 million primarily due to increased borrowings.  • Lower income tax expense of $18 million primarily due to lower pre-tax income for the first quarter of 2018 at a lower federal income tax rate partially offset by higher tax benefits in 2017 primarily related to the ratemaking treatment on the San Onofre tax abandonment. In addition, SCE had lower tax benefits refunded to customers in 2018 offset by tax benefits from the amortization of excess deferred tax assets as a result of Tax Reform (offset in revenue above). See the year-end 2017 MD&A, "Management Overview—Tax Reform" for further information. Cost-Recovery Activities  Cost-recovery activities were primarily affected by the following: • Higher purchased power and fuel costs of $142 million primarily driven by higher power prices and volume experienced in 2018 relative to 2017, partially offset by higher congestion revenue right credits. • Higher operation and maintenance expense of $12 million primarily driven by higher transmission access charges, partially offset by lower spending on various public purpose programs. • Higher other income and expenses of $17 million primarily driven by higher net periodic benefit income - non-service cost components in 2018 relative to 2017. See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 9. Compensation and Benefit Plans" for further information.  Supplemental Operating Revenue Information  SCE's retail billed and unbilled revenue (excluding wholesale sales) was $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  Retail billed and unbilled revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2018 was higher compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to the implementation of the 2018 ERRA rate increase. As a result of the CPUC-authorized decoupling mechanism, SCE earnings are not affected by changes in retail electricity sales (see "Business—SCE—Overview of Ratemaking Process" in the 2017 Form 10-K). Income Taxes SCE's income tax expense decreased by  $18 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2018 compared to the same periods in 2017.  The effective tax rates were  (1.9)%  and  3.1%  for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. SCE's effective tax rate is below the federal statutory rate of 21% and 35% for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily due to CPUC's ratemaking treatment for the current tax benefit arising from certain property-related and other temporary differences, which reverse over time. The accounting treatment for these temporary differences results in recording regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that would otherwise be recorded to deferred income tax expense. The effective tax rate decrease for the three months ended March 31, 2018 was primarily due to lower pre-tax income at a lower federal tax rate partially offset by higher tax benefits in 2017 primarily related to the ratemaking treatment on the San Onofre tax abandonment.  See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 8. Income Taxes" for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective income tax rates. 8 Edison International Parent and Other Results of operations for Edison International Parent and Other include amounts from other Edison International subsidiaries that are not significant as a reportable segment, as well as intercompany eliminations.  Strategic Review of Edison Energy Group Competitive Businesses Sale of SoCore Energy On February 28, 2018, Edison International agreed to sell SoCore Energy LLC ("SoCore Energy"), a then subsidiary of Edison Energy Group, to a third party, subject to the completion of closing conditions, which were subsequently satisfied on April 16, 2018. As a result, Edison International accounted for the assets and liabilities of SoCore Energy as held for sale as of March 31, 2018 and recognized a pre-tax loss of $66 million ($48 million after-tax). See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 10. Investments" for further information.  Income from Continuing Operations The following table summarizes the results of Edison International Parent and Other:     Three months ended March 31, (in millions)   2018   2017 Edison Energy Group and subsidiaries 1   $ (52 )   $ (6 ) Corporate expenses and other subsidiaries   (16 )   19 Total Edison International Parent and Other   $ (68 )   $ 13 1    Includes income   of $4 million and less than $1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, related to losses (net of distributions) allocated to tax equity investors under the HLBV accounting method.  The loss from continuing operations of Edison International Parent and Other was $68 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 compared to income of $13 million for the same period in 2017. The increase in loss was primarily due to a $48 million after-tax impairment charge that resulted from the sale of SoCore Energy (as discussed above), lower income tax benefits of $35 million related to stock option exercises, and the impact of Tax Reform on pre-tax losses.  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Southern California Edison Company SCE's ability to operate its business, fund capital expenditures, and implement its business strategy is dependent upon its cash flow and access to the bank and capital markets. SCE's overall cash flows fluctuate based on, among other things, its ability to recover its costs in a timely manner from its customers through regulated rates, changes in commodity prices and volumes, collateral requirements, interest obligations and any dividend payments to Edison International and preferred and preference shareholders, and the outcome of tax and regulatory matters. In the next 12 months, SCE expects to fund its cash requirements through operating cash flows, tax benefits, and capital market financings of debt and preferred equity, as needed. SCE also has availability under its credit facility to fund cash requirements.  Available Liquidity  At  March 31, 2018 , SCE had approximately $2.58 billion available under its  $2.75 billion  credit facility. The credit facility is available for borrowing needs until July 2022. In March 2018, SCE issued $1.25 billion of first and refunding mortgage bonds. The proceeds from these bonds were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. For further details, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 5. Debt and Credit Agreements." SCE may finance balancing account undercollections and working capital requirements to support operations and capital expenditures with commercial paper, its credit facility or other borrowings, subject to availability in the bank and capital markets. As necessary, SCE will utilize its available liquidity, capital market financings of debt and preferred equity or parent company contributions to SCE equity in order to meet its obligations as they become due, including any potential costs related to the December 2017 Wildfires and Montecito Mudslides (see "Management Overview—Southern California Wildfires" and "—Montecito Mudslides" for further information).  9 Debt Covenant A debt covenant in SCE's credit facility limits its debt to total capitalization ratio to less than or equal to 0.65 to 1. At  March 31, 2018 , SCE's debt to total capitalization ratio was 0.45 to 1. At  March 31, 2018 , SCE was in compliance with all other financial covenants that affect access to capital. Capital Investment Plan  Below are updates for large transmission and substation projects since the filing of the 2017 Form 10-K. SCE is currently evaluating the timing of its major construction projects. For further information on these projects, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Capital Investment Plan—Major Transmission Projects" in the year-end 2017 MD&A. Major Transmission Projects Alberhill System The Alberhill System Project would consist of constructing a new 500-kV substation, two 500-kV transmission lines to connect the proposed substation to the existing Serrano-Valley 500-kV transmission line, telecommunication equipment and subtransmission lines in unincorporated and incorporated portions of western Riverside County. The Project was designed to meet long-term forecasted electrical demand in the proposed Alberhill Project area and to increase electrical system reliability. In April 2018, the CPUC issued a proposed decision denying SCE’s request for a certificate of public convenience and necessity based on the presiding administrative law judge's conclusion that the Alberhill System Project is not needed. SCE continues to believe the Alberhill System Project is needed to serve forecasted local area demand and to increase operating flexibility. SCE has filed comments requesting that the CPUC deny the proposed decision as currently proposed and instead grant the certificate of public convenience and necessity for the Alberhill System Project. A final CPUC decision is anticipated in 2018. SCE is unable to predict the outcome of this matter. Approximately 48% of the Alberhill System Project costs spent to date would be subject to recovery through CPUC revenue and 52% through FERC revenue. In October 2017, SCE obtained approval from the FERC for abandoned plant treatment for the Alberhill System Project, which allows SCE to seek recovery of 100% of all prudently-incurred costs after the approval date and 50% of prudently incurred costs prior to the approval date. Excluding land costs, which may be recovered through sale to a third party, SCE has incurred $39 million of capital expenditures, including overhead costs, as of March 31, 2018, of which $29 million may not be recoverable if the project is cancelled. SCE's total capital expenditures for the Alberhill System Project are estimated to be $486 million, of which approximately $175 million is included in the 2018 – 2020 capital program period. Riverside Transmission Reliability                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 The Riverside Transmission Reliability Project is a joint project between SCE and Riverside Public Utilities (RPU), the municipal utility department of the City of Riverside. While RPU would be responsible for constructing some of the Project's facilities within Riverside, SCE's portion of the Project consists of constructing upgrades to its system, including a new 230-kV Substation; certain interconnection and telecommunication facilities and transmission lines in the cities of Riverside, Jurupa Valley and Norco and in portions of unincorporated Riverside County. The purpose of the Project is to provide RPU and its customers with adequate transmission capacity to serve existing and projected load, to provide for long-term system capacity for load growth, and to provide needed system reliability. Due to changed circumstances since the time the Project was originally developed, SCE informed the CPUC in August 2016 that it supports revisions to the proposed Project. In April 2018, the CPUC issued a subsequent environmental impact report which included a new route alternative, different from SCE’s proposed project, as the environmentally preferred project and proposed an additional 220-kV underground power line. SCE is assessing the potential cost impacts of the new route alternative and underground power line. SCE expects a CPUC decision in late 2018 or early 2019. Dividend Restrictions  On January 31, 2018, SCE paid Edison International a dividend of $212 million that was declared during the fourth quarter of 2017. On February 22, 2018, SCE declared a dividend to Edison International of $212 million that will be paid in the second quarter of 2018. The CPUC regulates SCE's capital structure which limits the dividends it may pay Edison International. Under CPUC regulations, SCE may make distributions to Edison International as long as the common equity component of SCE's capital structure remains at or above 48% on a 13-month weighted average basis, or otherwise satisfies the CPUC requirements. If the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement is approved by the CPUC, SCE may exclude the $448 million after-tax charge  10 resulting from the implementation of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement from its ratemaking capital structure (see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements— Note 12. Commitment and Contingencies" for further information on the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement). At  March 31, 2018 , without excluding the $448 million after-tax charge, SCE's 13-month average common equity component of total capitalization was 49.7% and the maximum additional dividend that SCE could pay to Edison International under this limitation was approximately $446 million, resulting in a restriction on net assets of approximately $14.3 billion. If the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement had been approved by the CPUC at  March 31, 2018 , the common equity component of SCE's capital structure would have been 50.0% on a 13-month average basis.  As a California corporation, SCE's ability to pay dividends is also governed by its obligations under the California General Corporation Law. California law requires that for a dividend to be declared: (a) retained earnings must equal or exceed the proposed dividend, or (b) immediately after the dividend is made, the value of the corporation's assets must exceed the value of its liabilities plus amounts required to be paid in order to liquidate stock senior to the shares receiving the dividend. Additionally, a California corporation may not declare a dividend if it is, or as a result of the dividend would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities as they mature.  The timing and amount of future dividends are also dependent on a number of other factors including SCE's requirements to fund other obligations and capital expenditures, and its ability to access the capital markets, and generate operating cash flows and earnings. If SCE incurs significant costs related to the December 2017 Wildfires or the Montecito Mudslides and is unable to recover such costs through insurance or from customers or access capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may be limited in its ability to pay future dividends to Edison international and its preferred and preference shareholders.  Margin and Collateral Deposits Certain derivative instruments, power procurement contracts and other contractual arrangements contain collateral requirements. Future collateral requirements may differ from the requirements at  March 31, 2018 , due to the addition of incremental power and energy procurement contracts with collateral requirements, if any, and the impact of changes in wholesale power and natural gas prices on SCE's contractual obligations. Some of the power procurement contracts contain provisions that require SCE to maintain an investment grade credit rating from the major credit rating agencies. If SCE's credit rating were to fall below investment grade, SCE may be required to pay the liability or post additional collateral. The table below provides the amount of collateral posted by SCE to its counterparties as well as the potential collateral that would have been required as of  March 31, 2018 . (in millions)     Collateral posted as of March 31, 2018 1   $ 106 Incremental collateral requirements for power procurement contracts resulting from a potential downgrade of SCE's credit rating to below investment grade   36 Incremental collateral requirements for power procurement contracts resulting from adverse market price movement 2   1 Posted and potential collateral requirements   $ 143 1        Net collateral provided to counterparties and other brokers consisted of $105 million in letters of credit and surety bonds and $1 million of cash.  2   Incremental collateral requirements were based on potential changes in SCE's forward positions as of  March 31, 2018  due to adverse market price movements over the remaining lives of the existing power contracts using a 95% confidence level. Edison International Parent and Other In the next 12 months, Edison International expects to fund its cash requirements through operating cash flows, tax benefits and bank and capital market financings, as needed. Edison International also has availability under its credit facility. Edison International Parent and Other's liquidity and its ability to pay operating expenses and pay dividends to common shareholders are dependent on dividends from SCE, realization of tax benefits, and its access to the bank and capital markets. In addition to having sufficient liquidity, Edison International's ability to pay dividends is dependent upon meeting California law requirements for the declaration of dividends. For information on the California law requirements on the declaration of dividends, see "—SCE—Dividend Restrictions." Edison International intends to maintain its target payout ratio of 45% – 55% of SCE's core earnings, subject to the factors identified above. Edison International may also finance working capital  11 requirements, payment of obligations, capital investments, including capital contributions to subsidiaries, and any common stock dividends with short-term or other financings, subject to availability in the bank and capital markets. As a result of the expected sale of SoCore Energy, Edison Energy Group made several distributions to Edison International Parent including dividend payments of $55 million in the first quarter of 2018 and dividend payments of $46 million in April 2018. For further information, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 10. Investments." At  March 31, 2018 , Edison International Parent had approximately $58 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.25 billion available of net borrowing capacity under its  $1.25 billion  multi-year revolving credit facility. The credit facility is available for borrowing needs until July 2022. In January 2018, Edison International Parent issued a $500 million term loan. In    March 2018, Edison International Parent issued $550 million of 4.125% senior notes. The proceeds from the March 2018 issuance were used to repay the $500 million term loan discussed above and for general corporate purposes. For further details, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 5. Debt and Credit Agreements." A debt covenant in Edison International Parent's credit facility requires a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio as defined in the credit agreement of less than or equal to 0.65 to 1. At  March 31, 2018 , Edison International Parent's consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio was 0.50 to 1. At  March 31, 2018 , Edison International Parent was also in compliance with all other financial covenants that affect access to capital. Historical Cash Flows Southern California Edison Company   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 1 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 801   $ 936 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (216 )   56 Net cash used in investing activities (1,085 )   (931 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ (500 )   $ 61 1   Net cash for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was updated to reflect the implementation of the accounting standards updates for cash flows related to cash receipts and restricted cash. Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities The following table summarizes major categories of net cash provided by operating activities as provided in more detail in SCE's consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.    Three months ended March 31,   Change in cash flows (in millions) 2018   2017 4   2018/2017 Net income $ 316   $ 380     Non-cash items 1 465   728         Subtotal $ 781   $ 1,108   $ (327 ) Changes in cash flow resulting from working capital 2 (354 )   (165 )   (189 ) Regulatory assets and liabilities 405   129   276 Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 3 (31 )   (136 )   105 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 801   $ 936   $ (135 ) 1   Non-cash items include depreciation and amortization, allowance for equity during construction, deferred income taxes and investment tax credits, and other. 2   Changes in working capital items include receivables, inventory, accounts payable, prepaid and accrued taxes, and other current assets and liabilities. 3        Includes the nuclear decommissioning trusts. 4   Cash flow for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was updated to reflect the implementation of the accounting standards updates for cash flows related to cash receipts and restricted cash. 12 Net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by the following:  Net income decreased in 2018 by $64 million primarily due to the impact of the July 2017 cost of capital decision on GRC revenue, higher operation and maintenance expenses and higher net financing costs. During the first three months of 2018, the amounts billed to customers was based on the 2017 authorized GRC revenue requirement and therefore, a regulatory liability (see below) has been established to record any associated adjustments. Net cash for working capital was  $(354) million  and $ (165) million  during the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The net cash for each period was primarily related to the reductions of payables (including payments for payroll-related costs and purchased power) of $235 million and $230 million during the first quarters of 2018 and 2017, respectively, and changes in receivables from customers of $(222) million in 2018 and $133 million in 2017. Net cash provided by regulatory assets and liabilities, including changes in over (under) collections of balancing accounts was  $405 million  and  $129 million  during the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. SCE has a number of balancing accounts, which impact cash flows based on differences between timing of collection of amounts through rates and accrual expenditures. Cash flows were primarily impacted by the following:  2018 • Higher cash due to $143 million of overcollections for the public purpose and energy efficiency programs resulting from lower program spending. • BRRBA overcollections increased by $122 million during the first three months of 2018 primarily due to the timing of revenue, partially offset by the refund of 2016 TAMA overcollections.  • Higher cash of $42 million due to cash collected for San Onofre under the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. For further information, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Permanent Retirement of San Onofre." • Higher cash reflected in regulatory liabilities of approximately $90 million primarily due to the delay in the 2018 GRC decision. Until a final 2018 GRC decision is issued, SCE recognized revenue for the first quarter of 2018 largely based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirement (see discussion above). 2017 • Higher cash due to $64 million of overcollections for the public purpose and energy efficiency programs. Overcollections for public purpose and energy efficiency programs increased due to lower spending for these programs. • Higher cash due to realization of $47 million in proceeds from the MHI arbitration. For further information on the MHI claims, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Permanent Retirement of San Onofre." • BRRBA overcollections decreased by $66 million during the first three months of 2017 primarily due to the refund of 2015 overcollections resulting from the implementation of the 2015 GRC decision, which was authorized to be refunded to customers over a two-year period.  • Higher cash of approximately $84 million primarily due to lower spending for the new system generation program, which records the benefits and costs of power purchase agreements and SCE-owned peaker generation units associated with new generation resources. Cash flows used in other noncurrent assets and liabilities were primarily related to net earnings from nuclear decommissioning trust investments ( $30 million  and  $27 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively) and SCE's payments of decommissioning costs ( $41 million  and  $45 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively). See "Nuclear Decommissioning Activities" below for further discussion.  13 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities The following table summarizes cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. Issuances of debt and preference stock are discussed in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 5. Debt and Credit Agreements—Long-Term Debt."   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 Issuances of first and refunding mortgage bonds, net of discount and issuance costs $ 1,239   $ 692 Issuance of term loan —   300 Remarketing of pollution control bonds, net of issuance costs —   134 Long-term debt matured or repurchased (40 )   (40 ) Short-term debt repayments, net of borrowings and discount (1,168 )   (769 ) Payments of common stock dividends to Edison International (212 )   (191 ) Payments of preferred and preference stock dividends (36 )   (36 ) Other 1   (34 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities $ (216 )   $ 56 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities are primarily due to capital expenditures related to transmission and distribution   investments ($ 1.1 billion  and $ 934 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively). In addition, during the first three months of 2018, SCE had a net redemption of nuclear decommissioning trust investments of $24 million. See "Nuclear Decommissioning Activities" below for further discussion. Nuclear Decommissioning Activities SCE's statement of cash flows includes nuclear decommissioning activities, which are reflected in the following line items:   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 Net cash used in operating activities:    Net earnings from nuclear decommissioning trust investments $ 30   $ 27 SCE's decommissioning costs (41 )   (45 ) Net cash provided by investing activities:    Proceeds from sale of investments 931   1,718    Purchases of investments (907 )   (1,719 ) Net cash impact $ 13   $ (19 ) Net cash used in operating activities relate to interest and dividends less administrative expenses, taxes, and SCE's decommissioning costs. See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 10. Investments" for further information. Investing activities represent the purchase and sale of investments within the nuclear decommissioning trusts, including the reinvestment of earnings from nuclear decommissioning trust investments. The net cash impact reflects timing of decommissioning payments ( $41 million  and  $45 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively) and reimbursements to SCE from the nuclear decommissioning trust ($54 million and $26 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively).  14 Edison International Parent and Other  The table below sets forth condensed historical cash flow from operations for Edison International Parent and Other.   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 1 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 58   $ (52 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (529 )   56 Net cash used in investing activities (12 )   (10 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents $ (483 )   $ (6 ) 1   Net cash for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was updated to reflect the implementation of the accounting standards updates for cash flows related to cash receipts and restricted cash. Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities was impacted by the following: • $75 million cash inflow from tax refunds in 2018. • $17 million and $52 million cash outflow from operating activities in 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily due to payments relating to interest and operating costs. Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was as follows:   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 Dividends paid to Edison International common shareholders $ (197 )   $ (177 ) Dividends received from SCE 212   191 Payment for stock-based compensation, net of receipt from stock option exercises (6 )   (116 ) Issuance of long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs 544   398 Short-term debt repayments, net of borrowings and discount (1,093 )   (244 ) Other 1 11   4 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities $ (529 )   $ 56 1    During the three months ended March 31, 2018, Edison International Parent received dividend payments of $55 million from Edison Energy Group.  Contingencies SCE has contingencies related to San Onofre Related Matters, Nuclear Insurance, December 2017 Wildfires, Montecito Mudslides, Environmental Remediation, and Spent Nuclear Fuel, which are discussed in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies." MARKET RISK EXPOSURES Edison International's and SCE's primary market risks are described in the 2017 Form 10-K. For a further discussion of market risk exposures, including commodity price risk, credit risk, and interest rate risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 4. Fair Value Measurements" and "—Note 6. Derivative Instruments." Commodity Price Risk SCE records derivative instruments on its consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value unless otherwise exempted from derivative treatment as normal purchases or sales. The fair value of outstanding derivative instruments used to mitigate exposure to commodity price risk was reflected as a net asset of $94 million and $109 million on SCE's consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. For further discussion of fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 4. Fair Value Measurements" and "— Note 6. Derivative Instruments."  15 Credit Risk Credit risk exposure from counterparties for power and gas trading activities is measured as the sum of net accounts receivable (accounts receivable less accounts payable) and the current fair value of net derivative assets (derivative assets less derivative liabilities) reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. SCE enters into master agreements which typically provide for a right of setoff. Accordingly, SCE's credit risk exposure from counterparties is based on a net exposure under these arrangements. SCE manages the credit risk on the portfolio for both rated and non-rated counterparties based on credit ratings using published ratings of counterparties and other publicly disclosed information, such as financial statements, regulatory filings, and press releases, to guide it in the process of setting credit levels, risk limits, and contractual arrangements, including master netting agreements.  As of  March 31, 2018 , the amount of balance sheet exposure as described above broken down by the credit ratings of SCE's counterparties, was as follows:   March 31, 2018 (in millions) Exposure 2   Collateral   Net Exposure S&P Credit Rating 1           A or higher 3 $ 95   $ —   $ 95 1   SCE assigns a credit rating based on the lower of a counterparty's S&P or Moody's rating. For ease of reference, the above table uses the S&P classifications to summarize risk, but reflects the lower of the credit ratings from S&P or Moody's. 2   Exposure excludes amounts related to contracts classified as normal purchases and sales and non-derivative contractual commitments that are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets, except for any related net accounts receivable. 3   Exposure to companies with S&P Credit Rating below A is immaterial.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND POLICIES For a complete discussion on Edison International's and SCE's critical accounting policies, see "Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies" in the year-ended 2017 MD&A. NEW ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE New accounting guidance is discussed in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—New Accounting Guidance." QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Information responding to this section is included in the MD&A under the heading "Market Risk Exposures" and is incorporated herein by reference. 16 (This page has been left blank intentionally.) 17 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Income Edison International       Three months ended March 31, (in millions, except per-share amounts, unaudited) 2018   2017 Total operating revenue $ 2,564   $ 2,463 Purchased power and fuel 926   784 Operation and maintenance 675   604 Depreciation and amortization 462   499 Property and other taxes   107   100 Impairment and other charges   66   5 Other operating income (2 )   — Total operating expenses 2,234   1,992 Operating income 330   471 Interest expense (170 )   (152 ) Other income and expenses 51   33 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 211   352 Income tax benefit (31 )   (40 ) Income from continuing operations 242   392 Net income 242   392 Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements of SCE 30   31 Other noncontrolling interests   (6 )   (1 ) Net income attributable to Edison International common shareholders $ 218   $ 362 Amounts attributable to Edison International common shareholders:       Income from continuing operations, net of tax $ 218   $ 362 Net income attributable to Edison International common shareholders $ 218   $ 362 Basic earnings per common share attributable to Edison International common shareholders:       Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 326   326 Continuing operations $ 0.67   $ 1.11 Total $ 0.67   $ 1.11 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Edison International common shareholders:       Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, including effect of dilutive securities 327   329 Continuing operations $ 0.67   $ 1.10 Total $ 0.67   $ 1.10 Dividends declared per common share $ 0.6050   $ 0.5425 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 18 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Edison International                 Three months ended March 31, (in millions, unaudited)   2018   2017 Net income   $ 242     $ 392   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:         Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions:         Net gain or loss arising during the period plus amortization included in net income   2     2   Other   (5 )   2   Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax   (3 )   4   Comprehensive income   239     396   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests   24     30   Comprehensive income attributable to Edison International   $ 215     $ 366   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 19 Consolidated Balance Sheets Edison International   (in millions, unaudited) March 31,  2018 December 31,  2017 ASSETS     Cash and cash equivalents $ 105 $ 1,091 Receivables, less allowances of $53 and $54 for uncollectible accounts at respective dates 628 717 Accrued unbilled revenue 511 212 Inventory 247 242 Income tax receivables 132   224 Prepaid expenses 164   233 Derivative assets 92 105 Regulatory assets 678 703 Other current assets 165 202 Assets of business held for sale 270   — Total current assets 2,992 3,729 Nuclear decommissioning trusts 4,334 4,440 Other investments 81 73 Total investments 4,415 4,513 Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $9,254 and $9,355 at respective dates 39,152 38,708 Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $74 and $114 at respective dates 83 342 Total property, plant and equipment 39,235 39,050 Regulatory assets 4,932 4,914 Other long-term assets 369 374 Total long-term assets 5,301 5,288                 Total assets $ 51,943 $ 52,580 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 20 Consolidated Balance Sheets Edison International       (in millions, except share amounts, unaudited) March 31,  2018 December 31,  2017 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY     Short-term debt $ 70 $ 2,393 Current portion of long-term debt 479 481 Accounts payable 1,033 1,503 Accrued taxes 92 23 Customer deposits 287 281 Regulatory liabilities 1,347 1,121 Other current liabilities 1,197 1,266 Liabilities of business held for sale 142   — Total current liabilities 4,647 7,068 Long-term debt 13,367 11,642 Deferred income taxes and credits 4,685 4,567 Pensions and benefits 909 943 Asset retirement obligations 2,878 2,908 Regulatory liabilities 8,683 8,614 Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities 2,885 2,953 Total deferred credits and other liabilities 20,040 19,985 Total liabilities 38,054 38,695 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Redeemable noncontrolling interest —   19 Common stock, no par value (800,000,000 shares authorized; 325,811,206 shares issued and outstanding at respective dates) 2,531 2,526 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (46 ) (43 ) Retained earnings 9,211 9,188 Total Edison International's common shareholders' equity 11,696 11,671 Noncontrolling interests  –  preferred and preference stock of SCE 2,193 2,193 Other noncontrolling interests — 2 Total Equity 13,889 13,866                 Total liabilities and equity $ 51,943 $ 52,580 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 21 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Edison International   Three months ended March 31, (in millions, unaudited) 2018 2017 Cash flows from operating activities:     Net income $ 242 $ 392 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:   Depreciation and amortization 479 520 Allowance for equity during construction (22 ) (19 ) Impairment and other charges 66 5 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 4 (13 ) Other 17 9 Nuclear decommissioning trusts (24 )   1 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:   Receivables 77 27 Inventory (7 ) 2 Accounts payable (216 ) (226 ) Tax receivables and payables 162   34 Other current assets and liabilities (277 ) 39 Regulatory assets and liabilities, net 405 129 Other noncurrent assets and liabilities (47 ) (16 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 859 884 Cash flows from financing activities:     Long-term debt issued or remarketed, net of discount and issuance costs of $17 and $11 for respective periods 1,783 1,524 Long-term debt matured (41 ) (40 ) Short-term debt financing, net (2,261 ) (1,013 ) Payments for stock-based compensation (10 )   (313 ) Receipt from stock option exercises 2   174 Dividends and distribution to noncontrolling interests (36 ) (37 ) Dividends paid (197 ) (177 ) Other 15   (6 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (745 ) 112 Cash flows from investing activities:     Capital expenditures (1,137 ) (944 ) Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments 931 1,718 Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments (907 ) (1,719 ) Other 16 4 Net cash used in investing activities (1,097 ) (941 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash including cash held for sale (983 ) 55 Less: Net increase in cash held for sale 43   — Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,026 )   55 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 1,132 114 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 106 $ 169 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 22 Consolidated Statements of Income Southern California Edison Company                 Three months ended March 31, (in millions, unaudited)   2018   2017 Operating revenue   $ 2,554   $ 2,456 Purchased power and fuel   926   784 Operation and maintenance   651   580 Depreciation and amortization   459   497 Property and other taxes   105   97 Other operating income   (1 )   — Total operating expenses   2,140 1,958 Operating income   414 498 Interest expense   (155 )   (141 ) Other income and expenses   51   35 Income before income taxes   310 392 Income tax (benefit) expense   (6 )   12 Net income   316 380 Less: Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements   30   31 Net income available for common stock   $ 286 $ 349 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Southern California Edison Company             Three months ended March 31, (in millions, unaudited) 2018   2017 Net income $ 316     $ 380   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:       Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions:       Net loss arising during the period plus amortization included in net income 2     1   Other (5 )   1   Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (3 )   2   Comprehensive income $ 313     $ 382   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 23 Consolidated Balance Sheets Southern California Edison Company (in millions, unaudited) March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 ASSETS       Cash and cash equivalents $ 15   $ 515 Receivables, less allowances of $53 for uncollectible accounts at both dates 617   693 Accrued unbilled revenue 510   212 Inventory 246   242 Income tax receivables 218   229 Prepaid expenses 164   228 Derivative assets 92   105 Regulatory assets 678   703 Other current assets 162   160 Total current assets 2,702   3,087 Nuclear decommissioning trusts 4,334   4,440 Other investments 61   52 Total investments 4,395   4,492 Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $9,254 and $9,355 at respective dates 39,152   38,708 Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $71 and $97 at respective dates 76   77 Total property, plant and equipment 39,228   38,785 Regulatory assets 4,932   4,914 Other long-term assets 243   237 Total long-term assets 5,175   5,151                                                                         Total assets $ 51,500   $ 51,515 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 24 Consolidated Balance Sheets Southern California Edison Company (in millions, except share amounts, unaudited) March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY       Short-term debt $ 70   $ 1,238 Current portion of long-term debt 479   479 Accounts payable 1,036   1,519 Accrued taxes 94   24 Customer deposits 287   281 Regulatory liabilities 1,347   1,121 Other current liabilities 1,181   1,225 Total current liabilities 4,494   5,887 Long-term debt 11,629   10,428 Deferred income taxes and credits 6,005   5,890 Pensions and benefits 453   483 Asset retirement obligations 2,878   2,892 Regulatory liabilities 8,683   8,614 Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities 2,610   2,649 Total deferred credits and other liabilities 20,629   20,528 Total liabilities 36,752   36,843 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)   Common stock, no par value (560,000,000 shares authorized; 434,888,104 shares issued and outstanding at each date) 2,168   2,168 Additional paid-in capital 673   671 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (22 )   (19 ) Retained earnings 9,684   9,607 Total common shareholder's equity 12,503   12,427 Preferred and preference stock 2,245   2,245 Total equity 14,748   14,672                                 Total liabilities and equity $ 51,500   $ 51,515 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 25 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Southern California Edison Company   Three months ended March 31, (in millions, unaudited) 2018   2017 Cash flows from operating activities:       Net income $ 316   $ 380 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:       Depreciation and amortization 475   517 Allowance for equity during construction (22 )   (19 ) Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits (3 )   223 Other 15   7 Nuclear decommissioning trusts (24 )   1 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:       Receivables 70   29 Inventory (7 )   5 Accounts payable (230 )   (226 ) Tax receivables and payables 81   (33 ) Other current assets and liabilities (268 )   60 Regulatory assets and liabilities, net 405   129 Other noncurrent assets and liabilities (7 )   (137 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 801   936 Cash flows from financing activities:       Long-term debt issued or remarketed, net of discount and issuance costs of $11 and $9 for the respective periods 1,239   1,126 Long-term debt matured or repurchased (40 )   (40 ) Short-term debt financing, net (1,168 )   (769 ) Payments for stock-based compensation (3 )   (56 ) Receipt from stock option exercises 1   33 Dividends paid (248 )   (227 ) Other 3   (11 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (216 )   56 Cash flows from investing activities:       Capital expenditures (1,124 )   (934 ) Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments 931   1,718 Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments (907 )   (1,719 ) Other 15   4 Net cash used in investing activities (1,085 ) (931 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (500 )   61 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 515   40 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 15   $ 101 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 26 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) Note 1.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Basis of Presentation Edison International is the parent holding company of Southern California Edison Company ("SCE") and Edison Energy Group, Inc. ("Edison Energy Group"). SCE is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately  50,000  square mile area of southern California. Edison Energy Group is a holding company for subsidiaries, including Edison Energy, LLC ("Edison Energy"), engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and managed portfolio solutions for commercial and industrial customers. Such business activities are currently not material to report as a separate business segment. These combined notes to the consolidated financial statements apply to both Edison International and SCE unless otherwise described. Edison International's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Edison International, SCE, and other wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries. References to Edison International refer to the consolidated group of Edison International and its subsidiaries. References to Edison International Parent and Other refer to Edison International Parent and its competitive subsidiaries. SCE's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SCE and its wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. Edison International's and SCE's significant accounting policies were described in Note 1 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Edison International's and SCE's combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2017 (the "2017 Form 10-K"). This quarterly report should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in the 2017 Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of recurring accruals, have been made that are necessary to fairly state the consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") for the periods covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The results of operations for the three-month period ended  March 31, 2018  are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. The  December 31, 2017  financial statement data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  Effective January 1, 2018, Edison International and SCE adopted several accounting standards retrospectively. Prior year financial statements have been updated to reflect the retrospective application of these standards as applicable. For further information, see "New Accounting Guidance" below.  Sale of SoCore Energy On February 28, 2018, Edison International agreed to sell SoCore Energy LLC ("SoCore Energy"), a then subsidiary of Edison Energy Group, to a third party, subject to the completion of closing conditions, which were satisfied on April 16, 2018. As a result, Edison International accounted for the assets and liabilities of SoCore Energy as held for sale as of     March 31, 2018 on the consolidated Edison International balance sheet. See Note 10 for further information. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Cash equivalents includes investments in money market funds. Generally, the carrying value of cash equivalents equals the fair value, as these investments have original maturities of three months or less. The cash equivalents were as follows:     Edison International   SCE (in millions)   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 Money market funds   $ 43   $ 1,024   $ —   $ 483 27 Cash is temporarily invested until required for check clearing. Checks issued, but not yet paid by the financial institution, are reclassified from cash to accounts payable at the end of each reporting period as follows:     Edison International   SCE (in millions)   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 Book balances reclassified to accounts payable   $ 40   $ 64   $ 40   $ 63 Edison International's restricted cash at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017  was  $27 million  and  $41 million , respectively. Restricted cash primarily relates to funds held by SoCore Energy and its consolidated affiliates pursuant to project financing or purchase agreements, most of which are expected to lapse during 2018. As discussed above, Edison International accounted for the assets and liabilities of SoCore Energy as held for sale as of March 31, 2018 (see Note 10 for further information). The following table sets forth the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash included in the consolidated statements of cash flows:  (in millions)   March 31, 2018   December 31, 2017 Edison International:           Cash and cash equivalents   $ 105   $ 1,091  Short-term restricted cash  1   1   40  Long-term restricted cash  2   —   1 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 3   $ 106   $ 1,132 SCE:          Cash and cash equivalents   $ 15   $ 515 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash   $ 15   $ 515 1   Reflected in "Other current assets" on Edison International's consolidated balance sheets.  2   Reflected in "Other long-term assets" on Edison International's consolidated balance sheets. 3   Excludes SoCore Energy's cash and cash equivalents of  $18 million  and short-term and long-term restricted cash of  $26 million  at March 31, 2018, which were reflected in "Assets of business held for sale" on Edison International's consolidated balance sheets (see Note 10 for additional information). Revenue Recognition During the first three months of 2018, pending the outcome of the 2018 GRC decision, SCE recognized GRC-related revenue based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirement, adjusted for the July 2017 cost of capital decision and the impact of Tax Reform. The amounts billed to customers for the first three months of 2018 was also based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirement and a regulatory liability has been established to record any associated adjustments. The CPUC has authorized the establishment of a GRC memorandum account, which will make the 2018 revenue requirement ultimately adopted by the CPUC effective as of January 1, 2018. SCE cannot predict the revenue requirement the CPUC will authorize or provide assurance on the timing of a final decision. In December 2017, the FERC issued an order setting the effective date of SCE's new FERC formula rate as January 1, 2018, subject to settlement procedures and refund. Pending resolution of the FERC formula rate proceeding, SCE is recognizing revenue based on the FERC formula rate adjusted for the impact of Tax Reform and other adjustments.  28 Earnings Per Share Edison International computes earnings per common share ("EPS") using the two-class method, which is an earnings allocation formula that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating security. Edison International's participating securities are stock-based compensation awards payable in common shares, including restricted stock units, which earn dividend equivalents on an equal basis with common shares once the awards are vested. EPS attributable to Edison International common shareholders was computed as follows:     Three months ended March 31, (in millions, except per-share amounts)   2018   2017 Basic earnings per share – continuing operations:         Income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders   $ 218   $ 362 Participating securities dividends   —   — Income from continuing operations available to common shareholders   $ 218   $ 362 Weighted average common shares outstanding   326   326 Basic earnings per share – continuing operations   $ 0.67   $ 1.11 Diluted earnings per share – continuing operations:         Income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders   $ 218   $ 362 Participating securities dividends   —   — Income from continuing operations available to common shareholders   $ 218   $ 362 Income impact of assumed conversions   —   — Income from continuing operations available to common shareholders and assumed conversions   $ 218   $ 362 Weighted average common shares outstanding   326   326 Incremental shares from assumed conversions   1   3 Adjusted weighted average shares – diluted   327   329 Diluted earnings per share – continuing operations   $ 0.67   $ 1.10 In addition to the participating securities discussed above, Edison International also may award stock options, which are payable in common shares and are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. Stock option awards to purchase  6,222,294  and  1,355,930  shares of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and  2017 , respectively, were outstanding, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive. New Accounting Guidance  Accounting Guidance Adopted  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standards update on revenue recognition and further amended the standard in 2016 and 2017. Under the new standard, revenue is recognized when a good or service is transferred to the customer and the customer obtains control of the good or service. Some revenue arrangements, such as alternative revenue programs which include balancing account overcollections and undercollections, are excluded from the scope of the new standard and, therefore, will be accounted for and presented separately from revenue recognized from contracts with customers in the disclosures. Edison International and SCE adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective method for contracts that were not completed as of the adoption date. Edison International recognized a cumulative effect adjustment to increase the opening balance of retained earnings by approximately  $5 million  ( $7 million  pre-tax) on January 1, 2018. This adjustment is related to variable consideration recognized at Edison Energy which is not subject to potential significant reversal and has no further performance obligations. See Note 7 for further details.  In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments, and further amended the guidance in 2018. Under the new guidance, equity investments (excluding those accounted for under the equity method or those that result in consolidation) are required to be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new guidance also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments and requires financial assets and financial liabilities to be presented separately in the notes to the financial statements, grouped by measurement category and form of financial assets.  29 Edison International and SCE adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2018. Edison International recognized a cumulative effect adjustment to increase the opening balance of retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive loss by  $5 million  ( $8 million  pre-tax) on January 1, 2018. See Note 2 for further details.  The FASB issued two accounting standards updates related to the statement of cash flows. One standard update clarifies the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows and other requires restricted cash to be presented with cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. Edison International and SCE adopted these standards effective January 1, 2018, using the retrospective approach. The adoption of these standards did not have a material impact on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated statement of cash flows.  In March 2017, the FASB issued an accounting standards update on the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit cost for an entity's defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Edison International and SCE adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2018. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated financial statements, but did result in the separate presentation of service costs as an operating expense and non-service costs within other income and expenses and limits the capitalization of benefit costs to the service cost component. The standard was adopted retrospectively with respect to the income statement presentation requirement and prospectively for the capitalization requirement. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, non-service costs (benefits) totaled  $(8) million  and  $(9) million  for Edison International and SCE, respectively, which were reclassified from "Operation and maintenance" to "Other income and expenses." See Note 9 and Note 14 for further details.  Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted  In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to lease accounting and further amended the standard in 2018. The updated standard is effective January 1, 2019. Under the new standard, a lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Lessees will need to recognize leases on the balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a related lease liability, and classify the leases as either operating or finance. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustments, such as initial direct costs. Edison International's operating leases will result in straight-line expense while finance leases will result in a higher initial expense pattern due to the interest component. SCE, as a regulated entity, is permitted to continue to recognize expense using the timing that conforms to the regulatory rate treatment. Lessees can elect to exclude from the balance sheet short-term contracts of one year or less. This standard requires retrospective application to previously issued financial statements for 2018 and 2017. Although permitted, Edison International and SCE has elected not to adopt this standard prior to January 1, 2019. The standard will provide entities with an optional transition method to apply the new requirements in the period of adoption without retrospective application to previous periods. Edison International and SCE are evaluating whether to elect this optional transition method. The adoption of this standard will increase right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets. Edison International and SCE are currently implementing a new lease accounting system and are evaluating the impact this standard will have on the consolidated balance sheets and lease disclosures.   The FASB issued an accounting standards update related to the impairment of financial instruments, effective January 1, 2020. The new guidance provides an impairment model, known as the current expected credit loss model, which is based on expected credit losses rather than incurred losses. Edison International and SCE are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance. In January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to simplify the accounting for goodwill impairment. This accounting standards update changes the procedural steps in applying the goodwill impairment test. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. Edison International will apply this guidance to the goodwill impairment test beginning in 2020. In February 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to stranded income tax effects due to the 2017 Tax Reform enacted on December 22, 2017. As a result of the lower federal corporate tax rate, deferred taxes were re-measured with the impact included in operating income in December 2017. The tax effects of items within AOCI were appropriately left unadjusted (i.e. stranded tax effects) and, therefore, are not stated at the revised tax rate. The new accounting guidance provides entities with an election to reclassify from AOCI to retained earnings for stranded income tax effects resulting from the 2017 Tax Reform. The new guidance should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively to each               period(s) in which the effect of the rate change is recognized. The new guidance is effective January 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted. Edison International and SCE are in the process of evaluating the new guidance.  30 Note 2.    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity The following table provides Edison International's changes in equity for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 :   Equity Attributable to Common Shareholders   Noncontrolling Interests     (in millions, except per-share amounts) Common Stock   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   Retained Earnings   Subtotal   Other Preferred and Preference Stock   Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2017 $ 2,526   $ (43 )   $ 9,188   $ 11,671   $ 2 $ 2,193   $ 13,866 Net income —   —   218   218   (3 ) 30   245 Other comprehensive income —   2   —   2   — —   2 Cumulative effect of accounting changes 1 —   (5 )   10   5   — —   5 Common stock dividends declared ($0.6050 per share) —   —   (197 )   (197 )   — —   (197 ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   — (30 )   (30 ) Stock-based compensation —   —   (8 )   (8 )   — —   (8 ) Noncash stock-based compensation 5   —   —   5   — —   5 Other —   —   —   —   1 —   1 Balance at March 31, 2018 $ 2,531   $ (46 )   $ 9,211   $ 11,696   $ — $ 2,193   $ 13,889 1   Edison International recognized cumulative effect adjustments to the opening balance of retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive loss on January 1, 2018 related to the adoption of the accounting standards updates on revenue recognition and measurement of financial instruments, effective January 1, 2018.  The following table provides Edison International's changes in equity for the  three months ended March 31, 2017 :    Equity Attributable to Common Shareholders   Noncontrolling Interests     (in millions, except per-share amounts) Common Stock   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   Retained Earnings   Subtotal   Preferred and Preference Stock   Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2016 $ 2,505   $ (53 )   $ 9,544   $ 11,996   $ 2,191   $ 14,187 Net income —   —   362   362   31   393 Other comprehensive income —   4   —   4   —   4 Common stock dividends declared ($0.5425 per share) —   —   (177 )   (177 )   —   (177 ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   (31 )   (31 ) Stock-based compensation —   —   (139 )   (139 )   —   (139 ) Noncash stock-based compensation 5   —   —   5   —   5 Balance at March 31, 2017 $ 2,510   $ (49 )   $ 9,590   $ 12,051   $ 2,191   $ 14,242 31 The following table provides SCE's changes in equity for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 :   Equity Attributable to Edison International         (in millions) Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   Retained Earnings   Preferred and Preference Stock   Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2017 $ 2,168   $ 671   $ (19 )   $ 9,607   $ 2,245   $ 14,672 Net income —   —   —   316   —   316 Other comprehensive income —   —   2   —   —   2 Cumulative effect of accounting change 1 —   —   (5 )   5   —   — Dividends declared on common stock —   —   —   (212 )   —   (212 ) Dividends declared on preferred and preference stock —   —   —   (30 )   —   (30 ) Stock-based compensation  —   —   —   (2 )   —   (2 ) Noncash stock-based compensation —   2   —   —   —   2 Balance at March 31, 2018 $ 2,168   $ 673   $ (22 )   $ 9,684   $ 2,245   $ 14,748 1   SCE recognized a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive loss on January 1, 2018 related to the adoption of the accounting standards update on measurement of financial instruments, effective January 1, 2018. The following table provides SCE's changes in equity for the  three months ended March 31, 2017 :   Equity Attributable to Edison International         (in millions) Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   Retained Earnings   Preferred and Preference Stock   Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2016 $ 2,168   $ 657   $ (20 )   $ 9,433   $ 2,245   $ 14,483 Net income —   —   —   380   —   380 Other comprehensive income —   —   2   —   —   2 Dividends declared on common stock —   —   —   (191 )   —   (191 ) Dividends declared on preferred and preference stock —   —   —   (31 )   —   (31 ) Stock-based compensation  —   —   —   (23 )   —   (23 ) Redemption of preference stock —   3   —   —   —   3 Balance at March 31, 2017 $ 2,168   $ 660   $ (18 )   $ 9,568   $ 2,245   $ 14,623 Note 3.    Variable Interest Entities A VIE is defined as a legal entity that meets one of two conditions: (1) the equity owners do not have sufficient equity at risk, or (2) the holders of the equity investment at risk, as a group, lack any of the following three characteristics: decision-making rights, the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The primary beneficiary is identified as the variable interest holder that has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE. A subsidiary of Edison International is the primary beneficiary of entities that own solar projects. Commercial and operating activities are generally the factors that most significantly impact the economic performance of such VIEs. Commercial and operating activities include site and equipment selection, construction, operation and maintenance, fuel procurement, dispatch, and compliance with regulatory and contractual requirements. 32 Variable Interest in VIEs that are not Consolidated Power Purchase Agreements SCE has power purchase agreements ("PPAs") that are classified as variable interests in VIEs, including tolling agreements through which SCE provides the natural gas to fuel the plants and contracts with qualifying facilities that contain variable pricing provisions based on the price of natural gas. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs since it does not control the commercial and operating activities of these entities. Since payments for capacity are the primary source of income, the most significant economic activity for these VIEs is the operation and maintenance of the power plants.  As of the balance sheet date, the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in SCE's consolidated balance sheet that relate to its involvement with VIEs result from amounts due under the PPAs. Under these contracts, SCE recovers the costs incurred through demonstration of compliance with its California Public Utilities Commission ("CPUC")-approved long-term power procurement plans. SCE has no residual interest in the entities and has not provided or guaranteed any debt or equity support, liquidity arrangements, performance guarantees, or other commitments associated with these contracts other than the purchase commitments described in Note 11 of the 2017 Form 10-K. As a result, there is no significant potential exposure to loss to SCE from its variable interest in these VIEs. The aggregate contracted capacity dedicated to SCE from these VIE projects was  3,454  MW and  4,928  MW at  March 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively, and the amounts that SCE paid to these projects were  $143 million  and  $140 million  for the three months ended  March 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. These amounts are recoverable in customer rates, subject to reasonableness review. Unconsolidated Trusts of SCE SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V, and Trust VI were formed in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017, respectively, for the exclusive purpose of issuing the  5.10% ,  5.75% ,  5.375% ,  5.45% , and  5.00%  trust preference securities, respectively ("trust securities"). The trusts are VIEs. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as it does not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the trusts. SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI issued to the public trust securities in the face amounts of  $400 million ,  $275 million ,  $325 million ,  $300 million , and  $475 million  (cumulative, liquidation amounts of  $25  per share), respectively, and  $10,000  of common stock each to SCE. The trusts invested the proceeds of these trust securities in Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K, and Series L Preference Stock issued by SCE in the principal amounts of  $400 million ,  $275 million ,  $325 million ,  $300 million , and  $475 million  (cumulative,  $2,500  per share liquidation values), respectively, which have substantially the same payment terms as the respective trust securities. The Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K, and Series L Preference Stock and the corresponding trust securities do not have a maturity date. Upon any redemption of any shares of the Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K, or Series L Preference Stock, a corresponding dollar amount of trust securities will be redeemed by the applicable trust. The applicable trust will make distributions at the same rate and on the same dates on the applicable series of trust securities if and when the SCE board of directors declares and makes dividend payments on the related Preference Stock. The applicable trust will use any dividends it receives on the related Preference Stock to make its corresponding distributions on the applicable series of trust securities. If SCE does not make a dividend payment to any of these trusts, SCE would be prohibited from paying dividends on its common stock. SCE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of the trust securities and trust distributions, if and when SCE pays dividends on the related Preference Stock. SCE formed Trust I, a VIE, in 2012 for the exclusive purpose of issuing  5.625%  trust preference securities. SCE Trust I issued trust securities in the face amounts of  $475 million  to the public and  $10,000  of common stock to SCE. SCE Trust I invested the proceeds of these trust securities in Series F Preference Stock issued by SCE in the principal amount of  $475 million . In July 2017, all of the outstanding Series F Preference Stock was redeemed, and accordingly, SCE Trust I redeemed  $475 million  of trust securities from the public and  $10,000  of common stock from SCE. As a result in September 2017, SCE Trust I was terminated.  The Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI balance sheets as of  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , consisted of investments of  $400 million ,  $275 million ,  $325 million ,  $300 million , and  $475 million  in the Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock, respectively,  $400 million ,  $275 million ,  $325 million ,  $300 million , and  $475 million  of trust securities, respectively, and  $10,000  each of common stock. 33 The following table provides a summary of the trusts' income statements:     Three months ended March 31, (in millions)   Trust I   Trust II   Trust III   Trust IV   Trust V   Trust VI 2018                         Dividend income   *   $ 5   $ 4   $ 4   $ 4   $ 6 Dividend distributions   *   5   4   4   4   6 2017                         Dividend income   $ 7 $ 5 $ 4   $ 4   $ 4   * Dividend distributions   7 5 4   4   4   * * Not applicable Note 4.    Fair Value Measurements Recurring Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (referred to as an "exit price"). Fair value of an asset or liability considers assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about nonperformance risk. As of  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , nonperformance risk was not material for Edison International and SCE. Assets and liabilities are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value.  Level 1 – The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's Level 1 assets and liabilities is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are available at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities. This level includes exchange-traded equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, mutual funds, and money market funds. Level 2 – Edison International's and SCE's Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, primarily consisting of U.S. government and agency bonds, municipal bonds and corporate bonds, and over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using a market approach by obtaining quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.  The fair value of SCE's over-the-counter derivative contracts is determined using an income approach. SCE uses standard pricing models to determine the net present value of estimated future cash flows. Inputs to the pricing models include forward published or posted clearing prices from exchanges (New York Mercantile Exchange and Intercontinental Exchange) for similar instruments and discount rates. A primary price source that best represents trade activity for each market is used to develop observable forward market prices in determining the fair value of these positions. Broker quotes, prices from exchanges, or comparison to executed trades are used to validate and corroborate the primary price source. These price quotations reflect mid-market prices (average of bid and ask) and are obtained from sources believed to provide the most liquid market for the commodity. Level 3 – The fair value of SCE's Level 3 assets and liabilities is determined using the income approach through various models and techniques that require significant unobservable inputs. This level includes derivative contracts that trade infrequently such as congestion revenue rights ("CRRs"). Edison International Parent and Other does not have any Level 3 assets and liabilities. Assumptions are made in order to value derivative contracts in which observable inputs are not available. In circumstances where fair value cannot be verified with observable market transactions, it is possible that a different valuation model could produce a materially different estimate of fair value. Modeling methodologies, inputs, and techniques are reviewed and assessed as markets continue to develop and more pricing information becomes available and the fair value is adjusted when it is concluded that a change in inputs or techniques would result in a new valuation that better reflects the fair value of those derivative contracts. See Note 6 for a discussion of derivative instruments.  34 SCE The following table sets forth assets and liabilities of SCE that were accounted for at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy:   March 31, 2018 (in millions) Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Netting and Collateral 1   Total Assets at fair value                   Derivative contracts $ —   $ 15   $ 82   $ (2 )   $ 95 Other 12   21   —   —   33 Nuclear decommissioning trusts:                   Stocks 2 1,520   —   —   —   1,520 Fixed Income 3 1,076   1,639   —   —   2,715 Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents 59   108   —   —   167 Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts 4 2,655   1,747   —   —   4,402 Total assets 2,667   1,783   82   (2 )   4,530 Liabilities at fair value                   Derivative contracts —   3   1   (3 )   1 Total liabilities —   3   1   (3 )   1 Net assets $ 2,667   $ 1,780   $ 81   $ 1   $ 4,529   December 31, 2017 (in millions) Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Netting and Collateral 1   Total Assets at fair value                   Derivative contracts $ —   $ 9   $ 102   $ (1 )   $ 110 Other 495   —   —   —   495 Nuclear decommissioning trusts:                   Stocks 2 1,596   —   —   —   1,596 Fixed Income 3 1,065   1,665   —   —   2,730 Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents 101   72   —   —   173 Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts 4 2,762   1,737   —   —   4,499 Total assets 3,257   1,746   102   (1 )   5,104 Liabilities at fair value                   Derivative contracts —   2   1   (2 )   1 Total liabilities —   2   1   (2 )   1 Net assets $ 3,257   $ 1,744   $ 101   $ 1   $ 5,103 1   Represents the netting of assets and liabilities under master netting agreements and cash collateral. 2   Approximately  70%  and  69%  of SCE's equity investments were in companies located in the United States at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively. 3   Includes corporate bonds, which were diversified and included collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities of  $113 million  and  $102 million  at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively. 4   Excludes net payables of  $68 million  and  $59 million  at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively, which consist of interest and dividend receivables as well as receivables and payables related to SCE's pending securities sales and purchases. 35 Edison International Parent and Other Edison International Parent and Other assets measured at fair value consisted of money market funds of  $43 million  and  $541 million  at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively, classified as Level 1. SCE Fair Value of Level 3 The following table sets forth a summary of changes in SCE's fair value of Level 3 net derivative assets and liabilities:     Three months ended March 31, (in millions)   2018   2017 Fair value of net assets (liabilities) at beginning of period   $ 101   $ (1,089 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses):         Included in regulatory assets and liabilities 1   (20 )   (77 ) Fair value of net assets (liabilities) at end of period 2   $ 81   $ (1,166 ) Change during the period in unrealized gains and losses related to assets and liabilities held at the end of the period   $ 5   $ (102 ) 1   Due to regulatory mechanisms, SCE's realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. 2   During the third quarter of 2017, SCE designated certain derivative contracts as normal purchase and normal sale contracts, which resulted in a reclassification of  $914 million  from derivative liabilities to other liabilities.  Edison International and SCE recognize the fair value for transfers in and transfers out of each level at the end of each reporting period. There were no material transfers between any levels during  2018  and  2017 . Valuation Techniques Used to Determine Fair Value The process of determining fair value is the responsibility of SCE's risk management department, which reports to SCE's chief financial officer. This department obtains observable and unobservable inputs through broker quotes, exchanges, and internal valuation techniques that use both standard and proprietary models to determine fair value. Each reporting period, the risk and finance departments collaborate to determine the appropriate fair value methodologies and classifications for each derivative. Inputs are validated for reasonableness by comparison against prior prices, other broker quotes, and volatility fluctuation thresholds. Inputs used and valuations are reviewed period-over-period and compared with market conditions to determine reasonableness. The following table sets forth SCE's valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used to determine fair value for significant Level 3 assets and liabilities:   Fair Value (in millions)                Significant     Assets   Liabilities Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input Range Congestion revenue rights           March 31, 2018 $ 81   $ — Market simulation model and auction prices Load forecast 5,002 MW - 22,970 MW           Power prices 1 $(15.00) - $120.00           Gas prices 2 $2.46 - $4.37           CAISO CRR Auction prices $(6.22) - $8.66 December 31, 2017 $ 102   — Market simulation model and auction prices Load forecast 5,002 MW - 22,970 MW           Power prices 1 $(15.00) - $120.00           Gas prices 2 $2.46 - $4.37           CAISO CRR Auction prices $(9.41) - $8.66 1   Prices are in dollars per megawatt-hour. 2   Prices are in dollars per million British thermal units. 36 Level 3 Fair Value Sensitivity Congestion Revenue Rights For CRRs, where SCE is the buyer, generally increases (decreases) in forecasted load in isolation would result in increases (decreases) to the fair value. In general, an increase (decrease) in electricity and gas prices at illiquid locations tends to result in increases (decreases) to fair value; however, changes in electricity and gas prices in opposite directions may have varying results on fair value. Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts SCE's nuclear decommissioning trust investments include equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, and other fixed income securities. Equity and treasury securities are classified as Level 1 as fair value is determined by observable market prices in active or highly liquid and transparent markets. The remaining fixed income securities are classified as Level 2. The fair value of these financial instruments is based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers, and relevant credit information. There are no securities classified as Level 3 in the nuclear decommissioning trusts. Fair Value of Debt Recorded at Carrying Value The carrying value and fair value of Edison International's and SCE's long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt) are as follows:     March 31, 2018   December 31, 2017 (in millions)   Carrying Value 1   Fair Value   Carrying Value 1   Fair Value Edison International   $ 13,846   $ 14,940   $ 12,123   $ 13,760 SCE   $ 12,108   $ 13,225   $ 10,907   $ 12,547 1    Carrying value is net of debt issuance costs.  The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's short-term and long-term debt is classified as Level 2 and is based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes of new issue prices, and relevant credit information. Note 5.    Debt and Credit Agreements Long-Term Debt In January 2018, Edison International Parent borrowed  $500 million  under a Term Loan Agreement due in January 2019, with a variable interest rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate plus  60 basis points . The proceeds were used to repay Edison International Parent's commercial paper borrowings. In March 2018, Edison International Parent issued  $550 million  of  4.125%  senior notes due 2028. The proceeds from the March 2018 issuance were used to repay the  $500 million  Term Loan discussed above and for general corporate purposes.  In March 2018, SCE issued  $450 million  of  2.90%  first and refunding mortgage bonds due 2021,  $400 million  of  3.65%  first and refunding mortgage bonds due 2028 and  $400 million  of  4.125%  first and refunding mortgage bonds due 2048. The proceeds from these bonds were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. Credit Agreements and Short-Term Debt SCE and Edison International Parent have multi-year revolving credit facilities of  $2.75 billion  and  $1.25 billion , respectively, both maturing in July 2022. SCE's credit facility is generally used to support commercial paper borrowings and letters of credit issued for procurement-related collateral requirements, balancing account undercollections and for general corporate purposes, including working capital requirements to support operations and capital expenditures. Edison International Parent's credit facility is used to support commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. 37 At  March 31, 2018 , SCE's outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, was $ 70 million  at a weighted-average interest rate of  2.24% . At  March 31, 2018 , letters of credit issued under SCE's credit facility aggregated  $103 million  and are scheduled to expire in  twelve months  or less. At  December 31, 2017 , the outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, was  $738 million  at a weighted-average interest rate of  1.75% . In December 2017, SCE borrowed  $500 million  from the credit facility. The interest rate on this loan was  2.46%  on  December 31, 2017 . In January 2018, SCE repaid its  $500 million  borrowings with cash on hand. At  March 31, 2018 , Edison International Parent had  no  outstanding commercial paper. At  December 31, 2017 , the outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, was  $639 million  at a weighted-average interest rate of  1.70% . In December 2017, Edison International borrowed  $500 million  from the credit facility. The interest rate on this loan was  2.56%  on  December 31, 2017 . In January 2018, Edison International repaid its  $500 million  borrowings with cash on hand. Note 6.    Derivative Instruments Derivative financial instruments are used to manage exposure to commodity price risk. These risks are managed in part by entering into forward commodity transactions, including options, swaps, and futures. To mitigate credit risk from counterparties in the event of nonperformance, master netting agreements are used whenever possible and counterparties may be required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction.  Commodity Price Risk Commodity price risk represents the potential impact that can be caused by a change in the market value of a particular commodity. SCE's electricity price exposure arises from energy purchased from and sold to wholesale markets as a result of differences between SCE's load requirements and the amount of energy delivered from its generating facilities and PPAs. SCE's natural gas price exposure arises from natural gas purchased for the Mountainview power plant and peaker plants, QF contracts where pricing is based on a monthly natural gas index, and PPAs in which SCE has agreed to provide the natural gas needed for generation, referred to as tolling arrangements. Credit and Default Risk Credit and default risk represent the potential impact that can be caused if a counterparty were to default on its contractual obligations and SCE would be exposed to spot markets for buying replacement power or selling excess power. In addition, SCE would be exposed to the risk of non-payment of accounts receivable, primarily related to the sales of excess power and realized gains on derivative instruments. Certain power contracts contain master netting agreements or similar agreements, which generally allow counterparties subject to the agreement to offset amounts when certain criteria are met, such as in the event of default. The objective of netting is to reduce credit exposure. Additionally, to reduce SCE's risk exposures counterparties may be required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction. Certain power contracts contain a provision that requires SCE to maintain an investment grade rating from each of the major credit rating agencies, referred to as a credit-risk-related contingent feature. If SCE's credit rating were to fall below investment grade, SCE may be required to post additional collateral to cover derivative liabilities and the related outstanding payables. The net fair value of all derivative liabilities with these credit-risk-related contingent features was  $1 million  as of both  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , for which SCE has posted less than  $1 million  collateral at both  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , to its counterparties for its derivative liabilities and related outstanding payables. If the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements were triggered on  March 31, 2018 , SCE would be required to post  $12 million  of additional collateral of which  $11 million  is related to outstanding payables that are net of collateral already posted. 38 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments SCE presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis on its consolidated balance sheets when subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements. Derivative positions are also offset against margin and cash collateral deposits. In addition, SCE has provided collateral in the form of letters of credit. Collateral requirements can vary depending upon the level of unsecured credit extended by counterparties, changes in market prices relative to contractual commitments, and other factors. See Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of derivative instruments. The following table summarizes the gross and net fair values of SCE's commodity derivative instruments:     March 31, 2018         Derivative Assets   Derivative Liabilities   Net Asset (in millions)   Short-Term   Long-Term   Subtotal   Short-Term   Long-Term   Subtotal   Commodity derivative contracts                             Gross amounts recognized   $ 94   $ 3   $ 97   $ 4   $ —   $ 4   $ 93 Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets   (2 )   —   (2 )   (2 )   —   (2 )   — Cash collateral posted   —   —   —   (1 )   —   (1 )   1 Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets   $ 92   $ 3   $ 95   $ 1   $ —   $ 1   $ 94     December 31, 2017         Derivative Assets   Derivative Liabilities   Net Asset (in millions)   Short-Term   Long-Term   Subtotal   Short-Term   Long-Term   Subtotal   Commodity derivative contracts                             Gross amounts recognized   $ 106   $ 5   $ 111   $ 3   $ —   $ 3   $ 108 Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets   (1 )   —   (1 )   (1 )   —   (1 )   — Cash collateral posted   —   —   —   (1 )   —   (1 )   1 Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets   $ 105   $ 5   $ 110   $ 1   $ —   $ 1   $ 109 Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments SCE recognizes realized gains and losses on derivative instruments as purchased power expense and expects that such gains or losses will be part of the purchased power costs recovered from customers. As a result, realized gains and losses do not affect earnings, but may temporarily affect cash flows. Due to expected future recovery from customers, unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities and therefore also do not affect earnings. The remaining effects of derivative activities and related regulatory offsets are reported in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The following table summarizes the components of SCE's economic hedging activity:     Three months ended March 31, (in millions)   2018   2017 Realized losses   $ (12 )   $ (2 ) Unrealized losses   (14 )   (85 ) 39 Notional Volumes of Derivative Instruments The following table summarizes the notional volumes of derivatives used for SCE hedging activities:         Economic Hedges Commodity   Unit of Measure   March 31, 2018   December 31, 2017 Electricity options, swaps and forwards   GWh   542   475 Natural gas options, swaps and forwards   Bcf   135   143 Congestion revenue rights   GWh   64,830   78,765 Note 7.    Revenue Revenue is recognized by Edison International and SCE when a performance obligation to transfer control of the promised goods is satisfied or when services are rendered to our customers. This typically occurs when electricity is delivered to our customers, which includes amounts for services rendered but unbilled at the end of a reporting period.  Edison International Parent and Other revenue primarily relates to Edison Energy Group, a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and managed portfolio solutions to commercial and industrial customers. The revenue for Edison International Parent and Other is immaterial to Edison International.  CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales and the price of energy procured so that SCE receives revenue equal to amounts authorized by the relevant regulatory agencies. As a result, the volume of electricity sold to customers and specific customer classes does not have a direct impact on SCE's financial results. SCE's revenue is disaggregated by two revenue sources: • Earning activities – representing revenue authorized by the CPUC and FERC which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investment in generation, transmission, and distribution assets. The annual revenue requirements are comprised of authorized operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes, and a return consistent with the capital structure. Also, included in earnings activities are revenues or penalties related to incentive mechanisms, other operating revenue, and regulatory charges or disallowances. • Cost-recovery activities – representing CPUC- and FERC- authorized balancing accounts which allow for recovery of specific project or program costs, subject to reasonableness review or compliance with upfront standards. Cost-recovery activities include rates which provide recovery, subject to reasonableness review of, among other things, fuel costs, purchased power costs, public purpose related-program costs (including energy efficiency and demand-side management programs), and certain operation and maintenance expenses. SCE earns no return on these activities. The following table is a summary of SCE's revenue:   Three months ended March 31, 2018 Three months ended March 31, 2017 (in millions) Earning Activities Cost- Recovery Activities Total Consolidated Earning Activities Cost-Recovery Activities Total Consolidated Revenues from contracts with customers $ 1,536 $ 1,192 $ 2,728 * * * Alternative revenue programs and other operating revenue (23 ) (151 ) (174 ) * * * Total operating revenue $ 1,513 $ 1,041 $ 2,554 $ 1,552 $ 904 $ 2,456 *      As discussed in Note 1, prior period amounts have not been adjusted under the modified retrospective method. SCE's Revenue from Contracts with Customers Provision of Electricity SCE principally generates revenue from contracts with customers through supplying and delivering electricity to its customers. Rates charged to customers are based on tariff rates, approved by the CPUC and FERC. Revenue is authorized by the CPUC through triennial GRC proceedings which are intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its CPUC-jurisdictional rate base. The CPUC sets an annual revenue requirement for the base year  40 and the remaining two years are set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding. Differences between the amount collected and authorized levels are either collected from or refunded to customers, and therefore, such differences do not impact operating revenue (see alternative revenue programs below for further information). In addition to the utility earnings activity revenue described above, SCE also earns revenue to recover costs for power procurement and other activities. SCE earns no return on these activities. Revenue is authorized by the FERC through a formula rate which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover transmission capital and operating costs that are prudently incurred, including a return on its FERC-jurisdictional rate base. Under the operation of the formula rate, transmission revenue is updated to actual cost of service annually.   For SCE's electricity sales for non-residential customers, SCE satisfies the performance obligation of delivering electricity over time as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the delivered electricity. Since SCE has a right to invoice an amount that corresponds to the value of the delivered electricity mandated in the tariff rates established by the CPUC and FERC, SCE is eligible for and has elected the right-to-invoice practical expedient which allows SCE to recognize revenue for tariff sales in the amount for which SCE has a right to invoice. This is consistent with how SCE recognized revenue for tariff sales prior to the adoption of the new standard.  Energy sales for residential customers are typically on a month to month implied contract for transmission, distribution and generation services, while commercial and other non-residential customer contracts can extend up to  20 years . Revenue is recognized over time as the energy is supplied and delivered to its customers and the respective revenue is billed and paid on a monthly basis. Sales and Use Taxes SCE bills certain sales and use taxes levied by state or local governments to its customers. Included in these sales and use taxes are franchise fees, which SCE pays to various municipalities (based on contracts with these municipalities) in order to operate within the limits of the municipality. SCE bills these franchise fees to its customers based on a CPUC-authorized rate. These franchise fees, which are required to be paid regardless of SCE's ability to collect from the customer, are accounted for on a gross basis. Revenue is reflected in "Revenue from contracts with customers" in 2018 (see table above) and in "Operating revenue" in 2017 and expenses are reflected in "Operation and maintenance." SCE's franchise fees billed to customers were  $28 million  and  $29 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. When SCE acts as an agent for sales and use tax, the taxes are accounted for on a net basis. Amounts billed to and collected from customers for these taxes are remitted to the taxing authorities and are not recognized as electric utility revenue. Provision of Electrical Transmissions Services and Other Revenue from Contracts with Customers SCE also provides services to non-residential customers that include the use of SCE's owned transmission lines to transmit electricity from generation facilities to the grid and provide the use of SCE-owned facilities to connect to the grid. SCE contracts with its customers through contracts that are on a month to month basis. The contract pricing for the use of SCE's transmission lines is mandated by tariff rates approved by either the CPUC or FERC, as applicable. Revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided. The revenue is billed and paid monthly.  SCE also earns an immaterial amount of revenue through telecommunication services and the sale of excess energy to customers.  The estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to SCE's performance obligations that are not completed (or partially completed) at March 31, 2018 is immaterial. SCE's Alternative Revenue Programs Alternative Revenue Programs  –  Decoupling  Rates charged to customers are based on CPUC- and FERC- authorized revenue requirements as discussed above. CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales. Differences between amounts collected and authorized levels are either collected from or refunded to customers, and therefore, SCE earns revenue equal to amounts authorized.  The differences between amounts billed and authorized levels for both CPUC and FERC are reflected in "Alternative revenue programs and other operating revenue" in 2018 (see table above) and in "Operating revenue" in 2017.  41 Other Alternative Revenue Programs The CPUC and FERC have authorized additional, alternative revenue programs which adjust billings for the effects of broad external factors or to compensate SCE for demand-side management initiatives and provide for incentive awards if SCE achieves certain objectives. These alternative revenue programs have been authorized to allow SCE to recover costs that SCE has been authorized to pass on to customers, including costs to purchase electricity and natural gas; and to fund public purpose, demand response, and customer energy efficiency programs. In general, revenue is recognized for these alternative revenue programs at the time the costs are incurred and, for incentive-based programs, at the time the awards are approved by the CPUC. SCE begins recognizing revenues for these programs when a program has been established by an order from either the CPUC or FERC that allows for automatic adjustment of future rates, the amount of revenue for the period is objectively determinable and probable of recovery and the revenue will be collected within  24 months  following the end of the annual period. SCE's Contract Balances The following table provides information about SCE's receivables, accrued unbilled revenue and contract liabilities related to contracts from customers: (in millions) March 31,  2018   December 31,  2017 Receivables:       Billed revenue $ 526   $ 613 Accrued unbilled revenues 510   212 Total receivables $ 1,036   $ 825 Contract liabilities 1 $ 21   $ 20 1   Contract liabilities are included in "Other current liabilities" and "Other deferred credits and long-term liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. SCE's contract receivables are shown above, gross of allowance for uncollectible accounts. Activities in the allowance for doubtful accounts for SCE's contracts with customers were as follows:  (in millions) 2018 Balance at January 1, $ 36 Charged to costs and expenses 7 Write-offs (6 ) Balance at March 31, $ 37 SCE's contract liabilities primarily relate to cash advances received from customers for executory services related to the use of SCE's operating assets. Revenue is recognized monthly as the services are provided.  The following table provides a summary of significant changes in SCE's contract liabilities: (in millions) 2018 Balance at January 1, $ 20 Additions 14 Revenue recognized during the period (13 ) Balance at March 31, $ 21 42 Note 8.    Income Taxes Effective Tax Rate The table below provides a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at the federal statutory income tax rate to the income tax provision:   Edison International   SCE   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017   2018   2017 Edison International:               Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 211   $ 352   $ 310   $ 392 Provision for income tax at federal statutory rate of 21% and 35%, respectively  1 44   124   65   137 Increase in income tax from:               State tax, net of federal benefit (5 )   10   1   13 Property-related (69 )   (113 )   (69 )   (113 ) Change related to uncertain tax positions —   (12 )   (1 )   (11 ) Shared-based compensation 2 —   (43 )   —   (8 ) Other (1 )   (6 )   (2 )   (6 ) Total income tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations $ (31 )   $ (40 )   $ (6 )   $ 12 Effective tax rate (14.7 )%   (11.4 )%   (1.9 )%   3.1 % 1   In December 2017, Tax Reform was signed into law. This comprehensive reform of tax law reduces the federal corporate income tax rate from  35%  to  21% , effective January 1, 2018. 2      Includes state taxes for Edison International and SCE of  $6 million  and  $1 million , respectively, for the three months ended  March 31, 2017 .  The CPUC requires flow-through ratemaking treatment for the current tax benefit arising from certain property-related and other temporary differences which reverse over time. Flow-through items reduce current authorized revenue requirements in SCE's rate cases and result in a regulatory asset for recovery of deferred income taxes in future periods. The difference between the authorized amounts as determined in SCE's rate cases, adjusted for balancing and memorandum account activities, and the recorded flow-through items also result in increases or decreases in regulatory assets with a corresponding impact on the effective tax rate to the extent that recorded deferred amounts are expected to be recovered in future rates. For further information, see Note 10 included in the 2017 Form 10-K.  Unrecognized Tax Benefits  The following table provides a reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits: Edison International   SCE (in millions) 2018   2017   2018   2017 Balance at January 1, $ 432   $ 471   $ 331   $ 371 Tax positions taken during the current year:                  Increases 8   10   8   10 Tax positions taken during a prior year:                  Increases —   2   —   2    Decreases (3 )   (10 )   (3 )   (10 )    Decreases for settlements during the period 1 —   (82 )   —   (78 ) Balance at March 31, $ 437   $ 391   $ 336   $ 295 1       In the first quarter of 2017, Edison International settled all open tax positions with the IRS for taxable years 2007 through 2012.  43 Tax Disputes In the first quarter of 2017, Edison International settled all open tax positions with the IRS for taxable years 2007 through 2012. Edison International has previously made cash deposits to cover the estimated tax and interest liability from this audit cycle and expects a  $7 million  refund of this deposited amount.  Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS and the California Franchise Tax Board are 2014 – 2016 and                  2010 – 2016, respectively. Edison International has settled all open tax position with the IRS for taxable years prior to 2013.  Tax years 1994 – 2006 are currently in settlement negotiations with the California Franchise Tax Board. While we expect to resolve these tax years within the next twelve months, the impacts cannot be reasonably estimated until further progress has been made. Tax years 2007 – 2009 are currently under protest with the California Franchise Tax Board. Note 9.    Compensation and Benefit Plans Pension Plans Edison International made contributions of  $18 million  during the three months ended  March 31, 2018 , which includes contributions of  $13 million  by SCE. Edison International expects to make contributions of  $48 million  during the remainder of  2018 , which includes  $37 million  from SCE. Annual contributions made by SCE to most of SCE's pension plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms.  Net periodic pension expense components for continuing operations are:    Edison International   SCE   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017  2   2018   2017  2 Service cost $ 32   $ 36   $ 31   $ 35 Interest cost 35   41   32   37 Expected return on plan assets (57 )   (53 )   (53 )   (50 ) Amortization of prior service cost 1   1   1   1 Amortization of net loss 1 2   5   1   4 Regulatory adjustment (deferred) 2   (3 )   2   (3 ) Total non-service cost $ (17 )   $ (9 )   $ (17 )   $ (11 ) Total expense recognized $ 15   $ 27   $ 14   $ 24 1   Includes the amount of net loss reclassified from other comprehensive loss. The amount reclassified for Edison International and SCE was  $2 million  and  $1 million , respectively, for the three months ended  March 31, 2018 , and  $3 million  and  $2 million , respectively, for the three months ended  March 31, 2017 .  2   During the first quarter of 2018, Edison International and SCE adopted an accounting standard retrospectively related to the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit costs for the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Prior years' consolidated income statements have been updated to reflect the retrospective application of this accounting standard. Service and non-service costs are included in "Operation and maintenance" and "Other income and expenses," respectively, on the consolidated income statement. See Note 1 for further information.  Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions ("PBOP(s)") Edison International made contributions of  $3 million  during the three months ended  March 31, 2018  and expects to make contributions of  $9 million  during the remainder of  2018 , substantially all of which are expected to be made by SCE. Annual contributions related to SCE employees made to SCE plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms and are expected to be, at a minimum, equal to the total annual expense for these plans. Benefits in retirement depends on a number of factors, including the employee's years of service, age, hire date, and retirement date.  Under the terms of the Edison International Health and Welfare Benefit Plan ("PBOP Plan") each participating employer (Edison International or its participating subsidiaries) is responsible for the costs and expenses of all PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees. A participating employer may terminate the PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees, as may SCE (as PBOP Plan sponsor), and, accordingly, the participants' PBOP Plan benefits are not vested benefits. 44 Net periodic PBOP expense components for continuing operations are:    Edison International   SCE   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017  1   2018   2017  1 Service cost $ 9   $ 9   $ 9   $ 9 Interest cost 21   24   21   24 Expected return on plan assets (30 )   (27 )   (30 )   (27 ) Amortization of prior service cost —   (1 )   —   (1 ) Total non-service cost $ (9 )   $ (4 )   $ (9 )   $ (4 ) Total expense $ —   $ 5   $ —   $ 5 1   During the first quarter of 2018, Edison International and SCE adopted an accounting standard retrospectively related to the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit costs for the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Prior years' consolidated income statements have been updated to reflect the retrospective application of this accounting standard. Service and non-service costs are included in "Operation and maintenance" and "Other income and expenses," respectively, on the consolidated income statement. See Note 1 for further information.  Note 10.    Investments Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts Future decommissioning costs related to SCE's nuclear assets are expected to be funded from independent decommissioning trusts.  The following table sets forth amortized cost and fair value of the trust investments (see Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of the trust investments):   Longest Maturity Dates   Amortized Cost   Fair Value (in millions)   March 31,  2018   December 31,  2017   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 Stocks —   *   $ 236   $ 1,520   $ 1,596 Municipal bonds 2054   636   643   740   768 U.S. government and agency securities 2067   1,259   1,235   1,331   1,319 Corporate bonds 2057   593   579   644   643 Short-term investments and receivables/payables 1 One-year   95   110   99   114 Total     $ 2,583   $ 2,803   $ 4,334   $ 4,440 *  Effective January 1, 2018, SCE adopted an accounting standards update related to the classification and measurement of financial instruments in which equity investments are measured at fair value. See Note 1 for further information. 1   Short-term investments include  $37 million  and  $29 million  of repurchase agreements payable by financial institutions which earn interest, are fully secured by U.S. Treasury securities and mature by  April 2, 2018  and  January 2, 2018  as of  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively.  Trust fund earnings (based on specific identification) increase the trust fund balance and the asset retirement obligation ("ARO") regulatory liability. Unrealized holding gains, net of losses, were  $1.5 billion  and  $1.6 billion  at  March 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively, and other-than-temporary impairments of  $159 million  and  $143 million  at the respective periods. 45 Trust assets are used to pay income taxes arising from trust investing activity. Deferred tax liabilities related to net unrealized gains at  March 31, 2018  were  $375 million . Accordingly, the fair value of trust assets available to pay future decommissioning costs, net of deferred income taxes, totaled  $4.0 billion  at  March 31, 2018 .  For the  three months ended March 31, 2018  and  2017 , gross realized gains were  $61 million  and  $99 million , respectively, and gross realized losses were  $8 million  and  $16 million , respectively. Unrealized losses, net of gains, for equity securities were  $63 million  and unrealized gains, net of losses, for equity securities were  $20 million  for the three months ended  March 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. Due to regulatory mechanisms, changes in assets of the trusts from income or loss items have no impact on operating revenue or earnings. Sale of SoCore Energy On February 28, 2018, Edison International agreed to sell SoCore Energy to a third party, subject to the completion of closing conditions, which were satisfied April 16, 2018. As a result, Edison International accounted for the assets and liabilities of SoCore Energy as held for sale as of March 31, 2018 and recognized a pre-tax loss of  $66 million  ( $48 million  after-tax). The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities held for sale at March 31, 2018: (in millions) March 31, 2018 Assets:   Cash and cash equivalents $ 18 Short-term restricted cash 25 Receivables 6 Non-utility property, plant and equipment 1 203 Other assets 18 Total assets of business held for sale $ 270 Liabilities:   Accounts payable $ 1 Accrued liabilities 4 Debt obligations 82 Other liabilities 27 Noncontrolling interest (NCI) 28 Total liabilities and NCI of business held for sale 1 $ 142 1   During the first quarter of 2018, the carrying value of assets and liabilities was adjusted to fair value less transaction costs, which resulted in a pre-tax loss of  $66 million  recorded in "Impairment and other charges" in Edison International's consolidated income statements. 46 Note 11.    Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Regulatory Assets SCE's regulatory assets included on the consolidated balance sheets are: (in millions) March 31,  2018   December 31,  2017 Current:       Regulatory balancing accounts $ 459   $ 484 Power contracts and energy derivatives  203   203 Other 16   16 Total current 678   703 Long-term:       Deferred income taxes, net of liabilities 3,202   3,143 Pensions and other postretirement benefits 268   271 Power contracts and energy derivatives 774   799 Unamortized investments, net of accumulated amortization 116   123 San Onofre 1 72   72 Unamortized loss on reacquired debt 164   168 Regulatory balancing accounts 160   143 Environmental remediation 140   144 Other 36   51 Total long-term 4,932   4,914 Total regulatory assets $ 5,610   $ 5,617 1    In accordance with the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement, SCE wrote down the San Onofre regulatory asset. SCE has requested to apply  $72 million  of the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE") proceeds, currently reflected as a regulatory liability in the DOE litigation memorandum account, against the remaining San Onofre regulatory asset. See Note 12 for further information. Regulatory Liabilities SCE's regulatory liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheets are: (in millions) March 31,  2018   December 31,  2017 Current:       Regulatory balancing accounts $ 1,124   $ 1,009 Energy derivatives 61   74 San Onofre 1 47   5 Other 2 115   33 Total current 1,347   1,121 Long-term:       Costs of removal 2,772   2,741 Re-measurement of deferred taxes 2,834   2,892 Recoveries in excess of ARO liabilities 3 1,496   1,575 Regulatory balancing accounts 1,482   1,316 Other postretirement benefits 26   26 Other 73   64 Total long-term 8,683   8,614 Total regulatory liabilities $ 10,030   $ 9,735 47 1   During the three months ended March 31, 2018, SCE recorded San Onofre revenue based on the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. As a result of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement, SCE recorded a regulatory liability pending the CPUC approval of the agreement. See Note 12 for additional information. 2   During the three months ended March 31, 2018, SCE recorded CPUC revenue based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirements adjusted for the July 2017 cost of capital decision and Tax Reform pending the outcome of the 2018 GRC. SCE recorded a regulatory liability primarily associated with these adjustments.  3    Represents the cumulative differences between ARO expenses and amounts collected in rates primarily for the decommissioning of SCE's nuclear generation facilities. Decommissioning costs recovered through rates are primarily placed in nuclear decommissioning trusts. This regulatory liability also represents the deferral of realized and unrealized gains and losses on the nuclear decommissioning trust investments. See Note 10 for further discussion. Net Regulatory Balancing Accounts The following table summarizes the significant components of regulatory balancing accounts included in the above tables of regulatory assets and liabilities: (in millions) March 31,  2018   December 31,  2017 Asset (liability)       Energy resource recovery account $ 413   $ 464 New system generation balancing account (213 )   (197 ) Public purpose programs and energy efficiency programs (1,288 )   (1,145 ) Tax accounting memorandum account and pole loading balancing account (260 )   (259 ) Base revenue requirement balancing account (322 )   (200 ) DOE litigation memorandum account (156 )   (156 ) Greenhouse gas auction revenue (50 )   (22 ) FERC balancing accounts (222 )   (205 ) Catastrophic event memorandum account 94   90 Other 17   (68 ) Liability $ (1,987 )   $ (1,698 ) Note 12.    Commitments and Contingencies Indemnities Edison International and SCE have various financial and performance guarantees and indemnity agreements, which are issued in the normal course of business.  Edison International and SCE have provided indemnifications through contracts entered into in the normal course of business. These are primarily indemnifications against adverse litigation outcomes in connection with underwriting agreements, and indemnities for specified environmental liabilities and income taxes with respect to assets sold. Edison International's and SCE's obligations under these agreements may or may not be limited in terms of time and/or amount, and in some instances Edison International and SCE may have recourse against third parties. Edison International and SCE have not recorded a liability related to these indemnities. The overall maximum amount of the obligations under these indemnifications cannot be reasonably estimated. SCE has indemnified the City of Redlands, California in connection with the Mountainview power plant's California Energy Commission permit for cleanup or associated actions related to groundwater contaminated by perchlorate due to the disposal of filter cake at the City's solid waste landfill. The obligations under this agreement are not limited to a specific time period or subject to a maximum liability. SCE has not recorded a liability related to this indemnity. Contingencies  In addition to the matters disclosed in these Notes, Edison International and SCE are involved in other legal, tax, and regulatory proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies regarding matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Edison International and SCE believe the outcome of these other proceedings will not, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 48 Southern California Wildfires In December 2017, several wind-driven wildfires (the "December 2017 Wildfires") impacted portions of SCE's service territory and caused substantial damage to both residential and business properties and service outages for SCE customers. The largest of these fires, known as the Thomas Fire, originated in Ventura County and burned acreage located in both Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. According to the most recent California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ("Cal Fire") incident information reports, the Thomas Fire burned over  280,000  acres, destroyed an estimated  1,063  structures, damaged an estimated  280  structures and resulted in  one  fatality. As of  March 31, 2018 , SCE had incurred approximately  $46 million  of capital expenditures related to restoration of service resulting from the  December 2017  Wildfires. Determining wildfire origin and cause is often a complex and time-consuming process, and several investigations into the facts and circumstances of the Thomas Fire are believed to be ongoing. SCE has been advised that the origins and causes of the fire are being investigated by Cal Fire and the Ventura County Fire Department. In connection with its investigation of the Thomas Fire, Cal Fire has removed and retained certain of SCE's equipment that was located near suspected ignition points of the fire. SCE expects that the Ventura County Fire Department and/or Cal Fire will ultimately issue reports concerning the origins and causes of the Thomas Fire but cannot predict when these reports will be released or if any findings will be issued before the investigations are completed. The CPUC's SED is also conducting an investigation to assess the compliance of SCE and its facilities with applicable rules and regulations in areas impacted by the Thomas Fire. In addition, as it does in all wildfire matters in which its facilities may or are alleged to be involved, SCE is conducting its own investigation of the Thomas Fire. At this time, SCE cannot predict when its own investigation, or the investigations of Cal Fire, the Ventura County Fire Department or the SED, will be completed. Any potential liability for December 2017 Wildfire-related damages will depend on a number of factors, including whether SCE substantially caused, or contributed to, the damages and whether parties seeking recovery of damages will be required to show negligence in addition to causation. Certain California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. The rationale stated by these courts for applying this theory to investor-owned utilities is that property damages resulting from a public improvement, such as the distribution of electricity, can be spread across the larger community that benefited from such improvement. However, in November 2017, the CPUC issued a decision denying SDG&E's request to include in its rates uninsured wildfire-related costs arising from several 2007 fires, finding that SDG&E did not prudently manage and operate its facilities prior to or at the outset of the 2007 wildfires. When inverse condemnation is held to be applicable to a utility, the utility may be held liable for property damages and associated interest and attorney's fees. If inverse condemnation is held to be inapplicable to SCE in connection with the December 2017 Wildfires, SCE could be held liable for property damages and associated interest if the property damages were found to have been proximately caused by SCE's alleged negligence. If SCE is found negligent, SCE could also be held liable for, among other things, fire suppression costs, business interruption losses, evacuation costs, medical expenses and personal injury/wrongful death claims. These potential liabilities, in the aggregate, could be substantial. Additionally, SCE could potentially be subject to fines for alleged violations of CPUC rules and laws in connection with the December 2017 Wildfires. SCE is aware of multiple lawsuits filed related to the Thomas Fire naming SCE as a defendant. Several of the lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant and some of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. The lawsuits, which have been filed in the superior courts of Ventura, Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Counties allege, among other things, negligence, inverse condemnation, trespass, private nuisance, and violations of the public utilities and health and safety codes. The Chair of the California Judicial Council has ordered that the lawsuits be coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. SCE expects to be the subject of additional lawsuits related to the Thomas Fire. The litigation could take a number of years to be resolved because of the complexity of the matters and the time needed to complete the ongoing investigations. Given the preliminary stages of the investigations and the uncertainty as to the causes of the Thomas Fire, and the extent and magnitude of potential damages, Edison International and SCE are currently unable to predict the outcome of the claims made against SCE and Edison International or reasonably estimate a range of losses that may be incurred. SCE has approximately  $1 billion  of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of  $10 million  per occurrence, for wildfire-related claims for the period ending on  May 31, 2018 . SCE also has approximately  $300 million  of additional insurance coverage for wildfire-related occurrences for the period from  December 31, 2017  to  December 31, 2018 , which may be used in addition to the  $1 billion  in wildfire insurance for wildfire events occurring on or after  December 31, 2017  and on or before  May 31, 2018 , and would be available for new wildfire events, if any, occurring after  49 May 31, 2018  and on or before  December 30, 2018 . Various coverage limitations within the policies that make up SCE's wildfire insurance coverage could result in material self-insured costs in the event of multiple wildfire occurrences during a policy period. Should responsibility for a significant portion of the damages related to the December 2017 Wildfires be attributed to SCE, SCE's insurance may not be sufficient to cover all such damages. In addition, SCE may not be authorized to recover its uninsured damages through electric service rates if, for example, the CPUC finds that the damages were incurred because SCE was not a prudent manager of its facilities.  Edison International and SCE are pursuing legislative, regulatory and legal strategies to address the application of a strict liability standard to wildfire-related damages without the ability to recover resulting damages in rates. Edison International and SCE cannot predict whether or when a solution mitigating the significant risk faced by a California investor-owned utility related to wildfires will be achieved. Montecito Mudslides  In January 2018, torrential rains in Santa Barbara County produced mudslides and flooding in Montecito and surrounding areas (the "Montecito Mudslides"). According to Santa Barbara County initial reports, the Montecito Mudslides destroyed an estimated  135  structures, damaged an estimated  324  structures, and resulted in at least  21  fatalities, with  two  additional fatalities presumed. Of the lawsuits mentioned above, several allege that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas Fire and that the Thomas Fire proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides, resulting in the plaintiffs' claimed damages. Some of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant. In addition to other causes of action, some of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also allege personal injury and wrongful death. The Chair of the California Judicial Council has ordered that the Thomas Fire and Montecito Mudslides lawsuits be coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. SCE expects that additional lawsuits related to the Montecito Mudslides will be filed. In the event that SCE is determined to have liability for damages caused by the Thomas Fire, SCE cannot predict whether the courts will conclude that the Montecito Mudslides were caused by the Thomas Fire or that SCE is liable for damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides. As a result, Edison International and SCE are currently unable to predict the outcome of the claims made against SCE and Edison International or reasonably estimate a range of losses that may be incurred. If it is determined that the Montecito Mudslides were caused by the Thomas Fire and that SCE is liable for damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides, then SCE's insurance coverage for such damages may be limited to its wildfire insurance. SCE also has other general liability insurance coverage of approximately  $450 million  but it is uncertain whether these other policies would apply to liabilities alleged to be related to the mudslides. Additionally, if SCE is determined to be liable for a significant portion of costs associated with the Montecito Mudslides, SCE's insurance may not be sufficient to cover all such damages. In addition, SCE may not be authorized to recover its uninsured damages through electric service rates if, for example, the CPUC finds that the damages were incurred because SCE was not a prudent manager of its facilities.  If it is ultimately determined that SCE is legally responsible for damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides and inverse condemnation is held to be applicable to SCE, SCE may be held liable for resulting property damages and associated interest and attorney's fees. If inverse condemnation is held to be inapplicable to SCE in connection with the Montecito Mudslides, SCE could be held liable for property damages and associated interest if the property damages were found to have been proximately caused by SCE’s alleged negligence. If SCE is found negligent, SCE could also be held liable for, among other things, business interruption losses, evacuation costs, clean-up costs, medical expenses and personal injury/wrongful death claims associated with the Montecito Mudslides. These potential liabilities, in the aggregate, could be substantial. SCE cannot predict whether it will be subjected to regulatory fines related to the Montecito Mudslides. Permanent Retirement of San Onofre Replacement steam generators were installed at San Onofre in 2010 and 2011. On January 31, 2012, a leak suddenly occurred in  one  of the heat transfer tubes in San Onofre's Unit 3 steam generators. The Unit was safely taken off-line and subsequent inspections revealed excessive tube wear. Unit 2 was off-line for a planned outage when areas of unexpected tube wear were also discovered. On June 6, 2013, SCE decided to permanently retire Units 2 and 3. 50 San Onofre CPUC Proceedings In November 2014, the CPUC approved the San Onofre OII Settlement Agreement by and among The Utility Reform Network ("TURN"), the CPUC's Office of Ratepayers Advocates ("ORA"), San Diego Gas & Electric ("SDG&E"), the Coalition of California Utility Employees, and Friends of the Earth (the "Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement"), which, at the time, resolved the CPUC's investigation regarding the steam generator replacement project at San Onofre and the related outages and subsequent shutdown of San Onofre. Subsequently, the San Onofre Order Instituting Investigation ("OII") proceeding record was reopened by a joint ruling of the Assigned Commissioner and the Assigned administrative law judge ("ALJ") to consider whether, in light of the Company not reporting certain  ex parte  communications on a timely basis, the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement remained reasonable, consistent with the law and in the public interest, which is the standard the CPUC applies in reviewing settlements submitted for approval.  Entry into Revised Settlement On  January 30, 2018 , SCE, SDG&E, The Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility, The California Large Energy Consumers Association, California State University, Citizens Oversight dba Coalition to Decommission San Onofre, the Coalition of California Utility Employees, the Direct Access Customer Coalition, Ruth Henricks, ORA, TURN, and Women's Energy Matters (the "OII Parties") entered into a Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement in the San Onofre OII proceeding (the "Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement"). If approved by the CPUC, the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement will resolve all issues under consideration in the San Onofre OII and will modify the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. If approved by the CPUC, the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement will also result in the dismissal of a federal lawsuit currently pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenging the CPUC's authority to permit rate recovery of San Onofre costs. The Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement was the result of multiple mediation sessions in 2017 and January 2018 and was signed on January 30, 2018 following a settlement conference in the OII, as required under CPUC rules.  Implementation of the terms of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement is subject to the approval of the CPUC, as to which there is no assurance. The OII Parties have agreed to exercise their best efforts to obtain CPUC approval, but there can be no certainty of when or what the CPUC will actually decide. The San Onofre OII Assigned Commissioner and Assigned ALJ have issued joint rulings that, among other things, (i) direct the parties to submit joint testimony to the CPUC in support of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement on April 27, 2018; (ii) direct all parties to submit briefing on whether an attorneys' fees provision in a related settlement agreement pertaining to the dismissal of a federal lawsuit challenging the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement impacts the integrity of the CPUC's intervenor compensation program; and (iii) schedule a public participation hearing and a status conference. In lieu of joint testimony, with the ALJ's consent, the parties submitted a joint stipulation of facts in support of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement on April 27, 2018. Disallowances, Refunds and Recoveries If the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement is approved by the CPUC, SCE and SDG&E (the "Utilities") will cease rate recovery of San Onofre costs as of the date their combined remaining San Onofre regulatory assets equal  $775 million  (the "Cessation Date"). SCE has previously requested the CPUC to authorize SCE to reduce the San Onofre regulatory asset by applying  $72 million  of proceeds received from litigation with the DOE related to DOE's failure to meet its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel from San Onofre. If that request is approved by the CPUC, the Cessation Date is estimated to be December 19, 2017. If that request is not approved by the CPUC, the Cessation Date is estimated to be April 21, 2018. The Utilities will refund to customers San Onofre-related amounts recovered in rates after the Cessation Date. SCE will retain amounts collected under the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement before the Cessation Date. SCE also will retain  $47 million  of proceeds received in 2017 from arbitration with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries ("MHI") over MHI's delivery of faulty steam generators. In the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement, SCE retains the right to sell its stock of nuclear fuel and not share such proceeds with customers, as was provided in the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement. SCE intends to sell its nuclear fuel inventory as market conditions warrant. Sales of nuclear fuel may be significant. Under the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement, the Utilities agreed to fund  $25 million  for a Research, Development and Demonstration program that is intended to develop technologies and methodologies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions ("GHG Reduction Program"). The Utilities' funding obligation is reduced to  $12.5 million  under the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement. 51 If approved by the CPUC, the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement will also provide certain exclusions from the determination of SCE's ratemaking capital structure. Notwithstanding that SCE will no longer recover its San Onofre regulatory asset, the debt borrowed to finance the regulatory asset will continue to be excluded from SCE's ratemaking capital structure. Additionally, SCE may exclude the after-tax charge resulting from the implementation of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement from its ratemaking capital structure. Additional Challenges related to the Settlement of San Onofre CPUC Proceedings A federal lawsuit challenging the CPUC's authority to permit rate recovery of San Onofre costs and an application to the CPUC for rehearing of its decision approving the Prior San Onofre Settlement Agreement were filed in November and  December 2014 , respectively. In  April 2015 , the federal lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice and the plaintiffs in that case appealed the dismissal to the Ninth Circuit in  May 2015 . In light of the San Onofre OII meet-and-confer sessions, the Ninth Circuit cancelled the hearing that had been scheduled for  February 9, 2017  and ordered the parties to notify the Ninth Circuit of the status of the San Onofre OII by  May 1, 2017  and periodically thereafter. In  October 2017 , the Ninth Circuit scheduled a hearing for  February 13, 2018  and directed the parties to file a status report on  January 30, 2018 . As part of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement, subject to CPUC approval of the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement, the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss this case with prejudice. In light of these developments, the February 13 hearing was cancelled and the Ninth Circuit appeal is currently stayed.  In  July 2015 , a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal court against Edison International, its then Chief Executive Officer and its then Chief Financial Officer. The complaint was later amended to include SCE's former President as a defendant. The lawsuit alleges that the defendants violated the securities laws by failing to disclose that Edison International had  ex parte  contacts with CPUC decision-makers regarding the San Onofre OII that were either unreported or more extensive than initially reported. The initial complaint purports to be filed on behalf of a class of persons who acquired Edison International common stock between  March 21, 2014  and  June 24, 2015  (the "Class Period"). In  September 2016 , the federal court granted defendants' motion to dismiss the complaint, with an opportunity for plaintiff to amend the complaint. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint in October 2016, which the federal court dismissed again with an opportunity for the plaintiff to amend the complaint. Plaintiff filed a third amended complaint in May 2017, which the federal court dismissed with prejudice in March 2018. Plaintiffs' have appealed the dismissal. In  November 2015 , a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal court against Edison International, its then Chief Executive Officer and its Treasurer by an Edison International employee, alleging claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The complaint purports to be filed on behalf of a class of Edison International employees who were participants in the Edison 401(k) Savings Plan and invested in the Edison International Stock Fund between  March 27, 2014  and  June 24, 2015 . The complaint alleges that defendants breached their fiduciary duties because they knew or should have known that investment in the Edison International Stock Fund was imprudent because the price of Edison International common stock was artificially inflated due to Edison International's alleged failure to disclose certain  ex parte  communications with CPUC decision-makers related to the San Onofre OII. In  July 2016 , the federal court granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the lawsuit with an opportunity for the plaintiff to amend her complaint. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint in  July 2016 , that dismissed Edison International as a named defendant and the remaining defendants filed a motion to dismiss in  August 2016 . These defendants' motion was heard by the court in  November 2016 . In June 2017, the federal court again granted defendants' motion to dismiss the lawsuit with an opportunity for the plaintiff to amend her complaint. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint in early  July 2017 . Defendants have filed motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which was heard by the court in  October 2017 , and are awaiting a ruling. Edison International and SCE cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. Environmental Remediation SCE records its environmental remediation liabilities when site assessments and/or remedial actions are probable and a range of reasonably likely cleanup costs can be estimated. SCE reviews its sites and measures the liability quarterly, by assessing a range of reasonably likely costs for each identified site using currently available information, including existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, experience gained at similar sites, and the probable level of involvement and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties. These estimates include costs for site investigations, remediation, operation and maintenance, monitoring, and site closure. Unless there is a single probable amount, SCE records the lower end of this reasonably likely range of costs (reflected in "Other long-term liabilities") at undiscounted amounts as timing of cash flows is uncertain. 52 At  March 31, 2018 , SCE's recorded estimated minimum liability to remediate its  20  identified material sites (sites with a liability balance at  March 31, 2018 , in which the upper end of the range of the costs is at least  $1 million ) was  $142 million , including  $92 million  related to San Onofre. In addition to these sites, SCE also has  16  immaterial sites with a liability balance as of  March 31, 2018 , for which the total minimum recorded liability was  $4 million . Of the  $146 million  total environmental remediation liability for SCE,  $140 million  has been recorded as a regulatory asset. SCE expects to recover  $47 million  through an incentive mechanism that allows SCE to recover  90%  of its environmental remediation costs at certain sites (SCE may request to include additional sites) and  $93 million  through a mechanism that allows SCE to recover  100%  of the costs incurred at certain sites through customer rates. SCE's identified sites include several sites for which there is a lack of currently available information, including the nature and magnitude of contamination, and the extent, if any, that SCE may be held responsible for contributing to any costs incurred for remediating these sites. Thus, no reasonable estimate of cleanup costs can be made for these sites. The ultimate costs to clean up SCE's identified sites may vary from its recorded liability due to numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, such as: the extent and nature of contamination; the scarcity of reliable data for identified sites; the varying costs of alternative cleanup methods; developments resulting from investigatory studies; the possibility of identifying additional sites; and the time periods over which site remediation is expected to occur. SCE believes that, due to these uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that cleanup costs at the identified material sites and immaterial sites could exceed its recorded liability by up to  $131 million  and  $8 million , respectively. The upper limit of this range of costs was estimated using assumptions least favorable to SCE among a range of reasonably possible outcomes. SCE expects to clean up and mitigate its identified sites over a period of up to  30  years. Remediation costs for each of the next  five  years are expected to range from  $4 million  to  $18 million . Costs incurred for the three months ended  March 31, 2018  and 2017 were  $4 million  and  $2 million , respectively.  Based upon the CPUC's regulatory treatment of environmental remediation costs incurred at SCE, SCE believes that costs ultimately recorded will not materially affect its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. There can be no assurance, however, that future developments, including additional information about existing sites or the identification of new sites, will not require material revisions to estimates. Nuclear Insurance SCE is a member of NEIL, a mutual insurance company owned by entities with nuclear facilities. NEIL provides insurance for nuclear property damage, including damages caused by acts of terrorism up to specified limits, and for accidental outages for active facilities. The amount of nuclear property damage insurance purchased for San Onofre and Palo Verde exceeds the minimum federal requirement of  $50 million  and  $1.06 billion , respectively. If NEIL losses at any nuclear facility covered by the arrangement were to exceed the accumulated funds for these insurance programs, SCE could be assessed retrospective premium adjustments of up to approximately  $52 million  per year. Federal law limits public offsite liability claims for bodily injury and property damage from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately  $13.1 billion  for Palo Verde and  $560 million  for San Onofre. SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available through a Facility Form issued by American Nuclear Insurers ("ANI"). SCE withdrew from participation in the secondary insurance pool for San Onofre for offsite liability insurance effective January 5, 2018. Based on its ownership interests in Palo Verde, SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately  $60 million  per nuclear incident for future incidents. However, it would have to pay no more than approximately  $9 million  per future incident in any one year. SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately  $255 million  per nuclear incident and a maximum of  $38 million  per year per incident for liabilities arising from events prior to January 5, 2018, although SCE is not aware of any such events.  For more information on nuclear insurance coverage, see Note 11 in the 2017 Form 10-K. Spent Nuclear Fuel  Under federal law, the DOE is responsible for the selection and construction of a facility for the permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste. The DOE has not met its contractual obligation to accept spent nuclear fuel. Extended delays by the DOE have led to the construction of costly alternatives and associated siting and environmental issues. Currently, both San Onofre and Palo Verde have interim storage for spent nuclear fuel on site sufficient for their current license period. In June 2010, the United States Court of Federal Claims issued a decision granting SCE and the San Onofre co-owners damages of approximately  $142 million  (SCE share  $112 million ) to recover costs incurred through December 31, 2005 for  53 the DOE's failure to meet its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel from San Onofre. SCE received payment from the federal government in the amount of the damage award. In April 2016, SCE, as operating agent, settled a lawsuit on behalf of the San Onofre owners against the DOE for  $162 million , including reimbursement for legal costs (SCE share  $124 million ) to compensate for damages caused by the DOE's failure to meet its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel for the period from January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2013. The settlement also provides for a claim submission/audit process for expenses incurred from 2014 – 2016, where SCE may submit a claim for damages caused by the DOE failure to accept spent nuclear fuel each year, followed by a government audit and payment of the claim. This process will make additional legal action to recover damages incurred in 2014 – 2016 unnecessary. The first such claim covering damages for 2014 – 2015 was filed on September 30, 2016 for approximately  $56 million . In February 2017, the DOE reviewed the 2014 – 2015 claim submission and reduced the original request to approximately $ 43 million  (SCE share was approximately  $34 million ). SCE accepted the DOE's determination, and the government paid the 2014 – 2015 claim under the terms of the settlement. In October 2017, SCE filed a claim covering damages for 2016 for approximately  $58 million . In March 2018, the DOE completed its review of SCE’s 2016 claim submission and determined that SCE should be reimbursed approximately  $44 million , not allowing recovery of approximately  $14 million . In April 2018, SCE submitted a request for reconsideration of the DOE's March 2018 determination, requesting that the DOE allow recovery of an additional  $1.2 million . All damages recovered by SCE are subject to CPUC review as to how these amounts would be distributed among customers, shareholders, or to offset fuel decommissioning or storage costs.  Note 13.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, consist of:   Edison International   SCE   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017   2018   2017 Beginning balance $ (43 )   $ (53 )   $ (19 )   $ (20 ) Pension and PBOP – net loss:                   Reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 1 2   2   2   1 Other 2 (5 )   2   (5 )   1 Change (3 )   4   (3 )   2 Ending Balance $ (46 )   $ (49 )   $ (22 )   $ (18 ) 1   These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension and PBOP Plan expense. See Note 9 for additional information. 2   Effective January 1, 2018, Edison International and SCE adopted an accounting standards update related to the measurement of financial instruments. As a result of this new accounting guidance, Edison International and SCE recognized cumulative effect adjustments to the opening balance of retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive loss on January 1, 2018. See Note 1 for further information.  54 Note 14.    Other Income and Expenses Other income and expenses are as follows:    Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017 SCE other income and expenses:       Equity allowance for funds used during construction $ 22   $ 19 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies and life insurance benefits 8   12 Interest income 4   1 Net periodic benefit income (costs) - non-service cost components 26   9 Civic, political and related activities and donations (4 )   (4 ) Other (5 )   (2 ) Total SCE other income and expenses 51   35 Other income and expenses of Edison International Parent and Other:       Net periodic benefit income (costs) - non-service cost components —   (1 )  Other —   (1 ) Total Edison International other income and expenses $ 51   $ 33 Note 15.    Supplemental Cash Flows Information Supplemental cash flows information for continuing operations is:   Edison International   SCE   Three months ended March 31, (in millions) 2018   2017   2018   2017 Cash payments for interest and taxes:               Interest, net of amounts capitalized $ 164   $ 167   $ 149   $ 152 Tax refunds (93 )   —   (18 )   — Non-cash financing and investing activities:               Dividends declared but not paid:               Common stock $ 197   $ 177   $ 212   $ — Preferred and preference stock 1   1   1   1 SCE's accrued capital expenditures at  March 31, 2018  and  2017  were  $399 million  and  $275 million , respectively. Accrued capital expenditures will be included as an investing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flow in the period paid.  55 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures The management of Edison International and SCE, under the supervision and with the participation of Edison International's and SCE's respective Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of Edison International's and SCE's disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), respectively, as of the end of the first quarter of 2018. Based on that evaluation, Edison International's and SCE's respective Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officers have each concluded that, as of the end of the period, Edison International's and SCE's disclosure controls and procedures, respectively, were effective. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting, respectively, during the first quarter of 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting. Jointly Owned Utility Plant Edison International's and SCE's respective scope of evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes their Jointly Owned Utility Projects as discussed in Note 2. Property, Plant and Equipment in the 2017 Form 10-K. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS December 2017 Wildfires Litigation The December 2017 Wildfires impacted portions of SCE's service territory and caused substantial damage to both residential and business properties and service outages for SCE customers. The largest of these fires, known as the Thomas Fire, originated in Ventura County and burned acreage located in both Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. According to the most recent Cal Fire incident information reports, the Thomas Fire burned over 280,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 1,063 structures, damaged an estimated 280 structures and resulted in one fatality.  As of April 27, 2018, SCE was aware of at least 52 lawsuits related to the Thomas Fire naming SCE as a defendant. Seventeen of these lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant and at least four of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. The lawsuits, which have been filed in the superior courts of Ventura, Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Counties allege, among other things, negligence, inverse condemnation, trespass, private nuisance, and violations of the public utilities and health and safety codes. The Chair of the California Judicial Council has ordered that the lawsuits be coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. Montecito Mudslides Litigation In January 2018, torrential rains in Santa Barbara County produced mudslides and flooding in Montecito and surrounding areas. According to Santa Barbara County initial reports, the Montecito Mudslides destroyed an estimated 135 structures, damaged an estimated 324 structures, and resulted in at least 21 fatalities, with two additional fatalities presumed. Twenty-nine of the 52 lawsuits mentioned under "December 2017 Wildfires Litigation" above allege that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas Fire and that the Thomas Fire proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides, resulting in the plaintiffs’ claimed damages. Eleven of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant. In addition to other causes of action, some of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also allege personal injury and wrongful death. The Chair of the California Judicial Council has ordered that the Thomas Fire and Montecito Mudslides lawsuits be coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. 56 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Purchases of Equity Securities by Edison International and Affiliated Purchasers  The following table contains information about all purchases of Edison International Common Stock made by or on behalf of Edison International in the first quarter of 2018. Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 1   (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 1   (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2018 to January 31, 2018 120,022     $ 62.63     —   — February 1, 2018 to February 28, 2018 79,352     $ 62.21     —   — March 1, 2018 to March 31, 2018 103,142     $ 62.72     —   — Total 302,516     $ 62.55     —   — 1   The shares were purchased by agents acting on Edison International's behalf for delivery to plan participants to fulfill requirements in connection with Edison International's: (i) 401(k) Savings Plan; (ii) Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan; and (iii) long-term incentive compensation plans. The shares were purchased in open-market transactions pursuant to plan terms or participant elections. The shares were never registered in Edison International's name and none of the shares purchased were retired as a result of the transactions. 57 EXHIBITS  Exhibit Number   Description       10.1   Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2018, among Edison International, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (File No. 1-9936, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Edison International’s Form 8-K dated and filed January 26, 2018)*       10.2   Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement dated January 30, 2018 (File No. 1-9936, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Edison International’s Form 8-K dated January 30, 2018 and filed January 31, 2018)*       10.3**   Edison International 2018 Long-Term Incentives Terms and Conditions       10.4**   Edison International 2008 Executive Disability Plan, as amended and restated effective April 2, 2018       10.5**   Edison International 2008 Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective April 2, 2018       10.6**   Edison International 2008 Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective August 24, 2016 (as amended) (File No. 1-9936, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Edison International's Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017 and filed February 22, 2018)*       10.7**   Edison International Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 19, 2014 (as amended)       10.8**   Edison International 2008 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective December 9, 2015 (as amended)       31.1   Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Edison International pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act       31.2   Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Southern California Edison Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act       32.1   Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Edison International required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act       32.2   Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Southern California Edison Company required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act        101.1   Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Edison International for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       101.2   Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southern California Edison Company for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ________________________________________ * Incorporated by reference pursuant to Rule 12b-32  ** Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement, as required by Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K 58 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   EDISON INTERNATIONAL     SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY           By: /s/ Aaron D. Moss   By: /s/ Aaron D. Moss             Aaron D. Moss Vice President and Controller (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     Aaron D. Moss Vice President and Controller (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)           Date: May 1, 2018   Date: May 1, 2018 59 	 
 
 
 
