
 10-K
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-K
 

 

 
 


 UNITED STATES 


 

 

 


   


 
   

 

   

 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

 

 
  
   
   ANNUAL REPORT
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
  
 
   
   For the fiscal
  year ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Commission file number 1-8787 
   
  
 


 


   

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group,
  Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant
  as specified in its charter) 
   
  
 
   
   Delaware 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   13-2592361 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
   
  
 
   
   175 Water Street, New York,  New York 
   (Address of principal
  executive offices) 
   
  
   10038 
   (Zip Code) 
   
  
 


 


 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code   (212) 770-7000  

 ______________________________ 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: See Exhibit 99.02 

 Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 ______________________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned  issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑  No  ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   ☐  No  ☑ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all  reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☑          No  ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes  ☑   No  ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to  Item 405
of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated  filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large
accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

 
  
   
   Large
  accelerated filer  ☑ 
   
  
   Accelerated filer  ☐ 
   
  
   Non-accelerated filer  ☐ 
   
  
   Smaller reporting company  ☐ 
   
  
   Emerging growth company  ☐ 
   
  
 



 If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as  defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐     No  ☑ 

 The aggregate market value of the voting
and nonvoting common equity  held
by nonaffiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price of the
registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $47,252,000,000. 

 As of February 6, 2019, there were
outstanding 869,486,334 shares of  Common Stock, $2.50 par value per share, of the registrant. 

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 
  
   
   Document of the Registrant 
   
  
   Form 10-K Reference Locations 
   
  
 
   
   Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the
  2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
   
  
   Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10,
  11, 12, 13 and 14  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



    



 
  




 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 

 TABLE OF  CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K 

 
  
   
   Item Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Part  I 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1. 
   
  
   Business 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Our Global Business Overview 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       AIG's Operating Structure 
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Diversified Mix of Businesses 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Our Employees 
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Regulation 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Available
  Information about AIG 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Part  II 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity,
  Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of Equity Securities 
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
  and Results of Operations 
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Cautionary Statement Regarding
  Forward-Looking Information 
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Executive Summary 
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Consolidated Results of
  Operations 
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Business Segment Operations 
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Investments 
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Insurance Reserves 
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
   131 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Enterprise Risk
  Management 
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Glossary 
   
  
   165 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •       Acronyms 
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
  Risk 
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reference to Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and Disagreements with
  Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
   326 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
   326 
   
  
 
   
   Part  III 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 11. 
   
  
   Executive
  Compensation 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
  Management and Related Stockholder 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Matters 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related
  Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   Part  IV 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 16. 
   
  
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 





 
  



    



 
  



 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 Part I 

 


 ITEM 1 |  Bu siness 

 

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group, Inc. (AIG)  
   is a
  leading global insurance organization. Building on 100 years of experience,
  today we provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance,
  retirement products, and other financial services to customers in more than
  80 countries and jurisdictions. These diverse offerings include products and
  services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage
  risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the
  New York Stock Exchange.  
   Throughout
  2018 we executed on our strategy to deliver long-term, profitable growth by
  improving underwriting capabilities, mitigating risk and volatility by
  repositioning reinsurance structures and risk limits, adding world-class
  talent and utilizing capital opportunistically to re-invest in the business.
  Looking ahead, we continue to take decisive actions to enhance AIG’s
  positioning for the future. 
   
  
 


 


   

 In
this Annual Report, unless otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates
otherwise, we use the terms “AIG,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” to refer
to American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiaries. We use the term “AIG Parent” to refer solely to
American International Group, Inc., and not to any of its consolidated
subsidiaries. 



 
  




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            3 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   Maximizing Industry
  Leadership and Global Footprint 
   

   
  
 


 About AIG 

 

 
  
   
   World
  Class  
  Insurance Franchises 
   that are among the leaders in their categories, providing
  differentiated service and expertise. 
   
  
   Balance
  Sheet  
  Quality and Strength 
   as demonstrated by over $56 billion in shareholders’
  equity and AIG Parent liquidity sources of $8.3 billion as of December
  31, 2018. 
   
  
   Effective
   
  Capital Management 
   of one of the largest insurance companies in the world by
  shareholders’ equity (a) . 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Breadth
  of Customers 
   which include over 87 percent of companies in the Fortune
  Global 500 (b)  and 81 percent of the Forbes 2000 (b) . 
   
  
   A
  Diverse Mix of Businesses 
   supported through a presence in most international
  markets. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


 


 (a)  At September 30, 2018, the latest date for which
information was available for certain foreign insurance companies. 

 (b)
 At November 1, 2018. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   Creating
  Value Through Profitable Growth 
   

   
  
 


 
  
   
     
   2019 Priorities 
   
  
 
   
   ·       
    Balance and
  Diversification of Products  – Shifting
  our business mix to grow the best-performing lines of business and optimizing
  our global footprint 
   
    
  
   ·       
    Technology  – Improving operations that help employees evaluate
  business and serve customers while strengthening essential corporate system
  security and efficiency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ·       
    Leadership, Culture
  and Talent  – Continuing to structure  and
  cultivate teams to deliver world-class performance 
   
  
     
   
  
   ·       
    Capital and Growth  – Managing capital efficiently and making selective
  investments in complementary growth opportunities that advance profitability
  improvement efforts 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ·       
    Underwriting
  Excellence  – Using newly implemented
  framework and guidelines – while further integrating underwriting, claims and
  actuarial – to enhance the portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   ·       
    Reinsurance
  Optimization  – Partnering strategically
  with reinsurers on portfolio positioning and programs designed to reduce exposures
  and severity from individual risk losses 
   
  
 



 2018
Highlights 

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting Approach 
     
   Addressed
  volatility and severity by reducing gross and net limits in property and
  casualty, and by repositioning reinsurance structures 
     
   Provided
  underwriters across the globe with a supportive underwriting framework, and
  reissued underwriting authorities aligned with revised risk appetite 
   
  
   Leadership Changes 
     
   Recruited some of the industry’s leading talent for senior
  roles. Appointed 3 members of the AIG Executive Leadership Team and more than
  12 General Insurance senior leaders in 2018 
     
   
  
   Growth & Balance 
     
   Complemented product and service
  offerings with strategic acquisitions including: 
   ·       
    Validus:  reinsurance platform, insurance-linked securities,
  Lloyd’s syndicate, excess & surplus specialty, crop risk 
   ·       
    Glatfelter
  Insurance:  specialty programs 
   ·       
    Ellipse:  group life, critical illness and income protection 
   
  
 


 


 


 

 4                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 AIG’S 
OPERATING STRUCTURE 

 


 Our Core businesses include General Insurance, Life and
Retirement and Other Operations. General Insurance consists of two operating
segments – North America and International. Life and Retirement consists of
four operating segments – Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life
Insurance and Institutional Markets. Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc.
(Blackboard), AIG’s technology-driven subsidiary, is reported within Other
Operations. We also report a Legacy Portfolio consisting of our run-off
insurance lines and legacy investments that we consider non-core. Effective
February 2018, our Bermuda-domiciled composite reinsurer, Fortitude Reinsurance
Company Ltd (Fortitude Re.) is included in our Legacy Portfolio. 

 Consistent with how we manage our business, our General
Insurance North America operating segment primarily includes insurance
businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda. Our General Insurance
International operating segment includes insurance businesses in Japan, the
United Kingdom, Europe, the Asia Pacific region, Latin America, Puerto Rico,
Australia, the Middle East and Africa. General Insurance results are presented
before consideration of internal reinsurance agreements. 

 For further discussion on our business segments see Item 7.
MD&A and Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 

 Business Segments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   
   General Insurance 
   

   General Insurance  is a leading provider of insurance
  products and services for commercial and personal insurance customers. It
  includes one of the world’s most far-reaching property casualty networks.
  General Insurance offers a broad range of products to customers through a
  diversified, multichannel distribution network. Customers value General
  Insurance’s strong capital position, extensive risk management and claims
  experience and its ability to be a market leader in critical lines of the
  insurance business. 
     
      
   
  
 
   Life and Retirement 
   

   Life
  and Retirement  is a
  unique franchise that brings together a broad portfolio of life insurance,
  retirement and institutional products offered through an extensive,
  multichannel distribution network. It holds long-standing, leading market
  positions in many of the markets it serves in the U.S. With its strong
  capital position, customer-focused service, breadth of product expertise and
  deep distribution relationships across multiple channels, Life and Retirement
  is well positioned to serve growing market needs. 
     
     
               
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   General
  Insurance includes the following major operating companies: National Union
  Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union); American Home
  Assurance Company (American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington);
  AIG General Insurance Company, Ltd. (AIG Sonpo);  AIG Asia Pacific
  Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe S.A.; American International Group UK Ltd.; 
  Validus Reinsurance, Ltd.; Talbot Holdings Ltd.; Western World Insurance
  Group, Inc. and Glatfelter Insurance Group. 
   
  
   Life and
  Retirement includes the following major operating companies: American General
  Life Insurance Company (American General Life); The Variable Annuity Life
  Insurance Company (VALIC); The United States Life Insurance Company in the
  City of New York (U.S. Life); Laya Healthcare Limited and AIG Life Limited. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   Other Operations 
   

   Other Operations  consists of businesses and items not attributed to our
  General Insurance and Life and Retirement segments or our Legacy Portfolio.
  It includes AIG Parent; Blackboard; deferred tax assets related to tax
  attributes; corporate expenses and intercompany eliminations. 
   
  
 
   Legacy Portfolio 
   

   Legacy Portfolio  includes Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines, Legacy
  General Insurance Run-Off Lines, and Legacy Investments. Effective February
  2018, Fortitude Re, our Bermuda-domiciled composite reinsurer, is included in
  our Legacy Portfolio. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
  
 


    

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            5 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Diversified Mix of Businesses 

 


 (dollars in millions)  

 
  
   
   
   
  
 



 *    Our Total revenues were $47.4 billion in 2018. The
graph above represents Adjusted revenues excluding revenues from our Legacy
Portfolio operations of $3.0 billion.  For reconciliation of Adjusted
revenues to Total revenues see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.    

   

 Geographic Concentration 

 In 2018,
5.7 percent of our property casualty direct premiums were written in the state
of California, and 16.4 percent and 7.1 percent were written in Japan and the
United Kingdom, respectively. No other state or foreign jurisdiction accounted
for more than five percent of our property casualty direct premiums. 

 For further information on our business segments see Note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

    

 


 

 6                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 How We Generate
Revenues and Profitability 

 


 We earn revenues  primarily from insurance premiums, policy fees and income
from investments.  

 Our expenses  consist of policyholder benefits and losses incurred,
interest credited to policyholders, commissions and other costs of selling and
servicing our products, interest expense and general operating expenses. 

 Our profitability  is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage
risk on insurance and annuity products, to manage our portfolio of investments
effectively and to control costs through expense discipline.  

 

 Investment Activities of Our Insurance Operations 

 


 Our insurance
companies generally receive premiums and deposits well in advance of paying
covered claims or benefits. In the intervening periods, we invest these
premiums and deposits to generate net investment income that, along with the
invested funds, is available to pay claims or benefits. As a result, we
generate significant revenues from insurance investment activities. 

 The practice for
managing the investments of the insurance companies places primary emphasis in
corporate bonds, government or government-related bonds and mortgage backed
securities and loans. Our fundamental strategy across all of our investment
portfolios is to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a
target range based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent
practicable. 

 For
additional discussion of investment strategies see Item 7. MD&A — Investments. 

 

 Loss Reserve Development Process 

 


 The liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves) represents the
accumulation of estimates for unpaid claims, including estimates for claims
incurred but not reported (IBNR) for our General Insurance companies, including
the related expenses of settling those losses. 

 The process of
establishing loss reserves is complex and imprecise because it must take into
consideration many variables that are subject to the outcome of future events.
As a result, informed subjective estimates and judgments about our ultimate
exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserving process.
Because reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of future events, changes
in prior year estimates are unavoidable in the insurance industry. These
changes are sometimes referred to as “prior year loss development” or “reserve
development.” 

 For further
discussion on  loss reserves and of
prior year loss development  see Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities — Loss
Reserves, Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves — Loss Reserves, and Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements . 



 
  



 

 Our Employees 

 


 At AIG, we believe that a major strength of ours is the
quality and dedication of our people. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had
approximately 49,600 and 49,800 employees, respectively. We believe that our
relations with our employees are satisfactory.  

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            7 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Regulation    

 


 OVERVIEW 

 Our operations
around the world are subject to regulation by many different types of
regulatory authorities, including insurance, securities, derivatives,
investment advisory and thrift regulators in the United States and abroad. The
insurance and financial services industries generally have been subject to
heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision since the financial crisis. 

 Our insurance and
reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the
states and other jurisdictions in which they do business. We expect that
the domestic and international regulations applicable to us and our regulated
entities will continue to evolve for the foreseeable future . 

 U.S. REGULATION 

 Dodd-Frank 

 On July 21,
2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(Dodd-Frank), which brought about the most extensive changes to financial
regulation in the United States in many years, was signed into law. On July 8,
2013, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council) made a determination
that material financial distress at AIG could pose a threat to U.S. financial
stability. On September 29, 2017, the Council rescinded its determination that
material financial distress at AIG could pose a threat to U.S. financial
stability and as a result, AIG is no longer designated as a nonbank
systemically important financial institution (nonbank SIFI). With the
rescission of its designation as a nonbank SIFI, AIG is no longer subject to
the consolidated supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (FRB) or subject to the enhanced prudential standards set forth in
Dodd-Frank and its implementing regulations. Although the Council has rescinded
its designation of AIG as a nonbank SIFI, certain provisions of Dodd-Frank
remain relevant to insurance groups generally. 

 •     
  The Council has
authority to determine, subject to certain statutory and regulatory standards,
that any nonbank financial company be designated as a nonbank SIFI subject to
supervision by the FRB and enhanced prudential standards. The Council may also
recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or
heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that nonbank
financial services companies, including insurers, engage in.  

 •     
  Title II of Dodd-Frank
(Orderly Liquidation Authority) provides that a financial company whose largest
United States subsidiary is an insurer may be subject to a special orderly
liquidation process outside the Bankruptcy Code. That process is to be
administered by the FDIC upon a determination that the company is: (i) in
default or in danger of default, (ii) would have serious adverse effects on
U.S. financial stability were it to fail and be resolved, (iii) is not likely
to attract private sector alternatives to default and (iv) is not suitable for
resolution under the Bankruptcy Code. Dodd-Frank authorizes possible
assessments to cover the costs of any special resolution of a financial company
conducted under Title II. U.S. insurance subsidiaries of any such financial
company, however, would be subject to rehabilitation and liquidation
proceedings under state insurance law.  

 •     
  Title VII of Dodd-Frank
provides for significantly increased regulation of and restrictions on
derivatives markets and transactions that have affected and, as additional
regulations come into effect, could affect various activities of insurance and
other financial services companies, including (i) regulatory reporting for
swaps and security-based swaps, (ii) mandated clearing through central
counterparties and execution through regulated swap execution facilities for
certain swaps and security-based swaps and (iii) margin and collateral
requirements.  Although the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC),
which oversees and regulates the U.S. swap, commodities and futures markets, has
finalized most of its requirements, the SEC has yet to finalize the majority of
rules comprising its security-based swap regulatory regime. Increased
regulation of and restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions could
increase the cost of our trading and hedging activities, reduce liquidity and
reduce the availability of customized hedging solutions and derivatives. 

 •     
  Dodd-Frank mandated a
study to determine whether stable value contracts should be included in the
definition of "swap." If that study concludes that stable value
contracts are swaps, Dodd-Frank authorizes certain federal regulators to
determine whether an exemption from the definition of a swap for stable value
contracts is appropriate and in the public interest. Certain of our affiliates
participate in the stable value contract business. We cannot predict what
regulations might emanate from the aforementioned study or be promulgated
applicable to this business in the future. 

 •     
  Title V of Dodd-Frank authorizes the
United States to enter into covered agreements with foreign governments or
regulatory entities regarding the business of insurance and reinsurance. On
September 22, 2017, the U.S. and the European Union (EU) entered into such an
agreement, and on December 18, 2018, the U.S. signed a covered agreement with
the United Kingdom (UK)  
 


 

 8                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 in anticipation of the UK’s
withdrawal of its membership in the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit.  For
additional information, see — International Regulation .  

 •     
  Dodd-Frank established
the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (BCFP), an independent agency
within the FRB, to regulate certain non-insurance consumer financial products
and services offered primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Insurance products and services are not within the BCFP's general jurisdiction.
Broker-dealers and investment advisers are not subject to the BCFP's
jurisdiction when acting in their registered capacity.    

 •     
  Dodd-Frank established
the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) to serve as the central insurance authority
in the federal government.  While not serving a regulatory function, FIO
performs certain duties related to the business of insurance.  FIO serves as a
non-voting member of the Council, has authority to collect information on the
insurance industry and recommend prudential standards, monitors market access
issues, represents the United States in international insurance forums, has
authority to determine, after consulting with the relevant State and the United
States Trade Representative, if certain regulations are preempted by covered
agreements, and assists the Secretary of the Treasury in administering the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of
2002. 

 On
February 3, 2017, the President of the United States signed an Executive Order
that directed the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with federal
financial regulators, to assess all laws, rules and policies that regulate the
U.S. financial system, including requirements put into place under Dodd-Frank
since 2010, and to recommend necessary changes to make sure they conform to
certain core principles.  Treasury divided its review into four parts and
published four reports: Banks and Credit Unions (June 12, 2017), Capital Markets
(October 6, 2017), Asset Management and Insurance (October 26, 2017) and
Nonbank Financials, Fintech and Innovation (July 31, 2018). In its report on
insurance regulation, Treasury identified several areas for improvement at the
federal and state levels and defined the role it intends for federal agencies. 
Among the points made in the report:  

 •     
  Treasury expressed
support for an activities-based approach to regulating systemic risk in the
insurance industry rather than designating individual entities;  

 •     
  Treasury recommended
continued U.S. engagement in international standard-setting forums and charged
FIO with coordinating the efforts of the federal government, state regulators,
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), and other
stakeholders on the issues within its scope, such as covered agreements,
matters related to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program, and standard-setting
at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), including
discussions regarding capital and liquidity requirements;  

 •     
  Treasury expressed
support for robust liquidity risk management programs for insurers and
encouraged regulators to continue work on addressing potential liquidity risk
in the insurance sector; and  

 •     
  Treasury supported the Department of
Labor (the DOL) in delaying full implementation of the final fiduciary rule
issued by the DOL in April 2016 (the DOL Fiduciary Rule) until relevant issues
are further evaluated and addressed by the DOL, SEC, and state insurance
regulators working together. The DOL Fiduciary Rule was subsequently vacated by
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  For additional information
regarding legislative and regulatory developments surrounding a standard of
care for the sale of investment products and services, see – U.S. Regulation –
ERISA and Standard of Care Developments below and Item 7. MD&A – Executive
Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Standard of Care
Developments .   

 In
addition, on April 21, 2017 the President of the United States directed the
Secretary of the Treasury to evaluate and provide recommendations regarding the
Council’s processes for designating nonbank SIFIs. The Treasury published a
report pursuant to this directive on November 17, 2017, recommending that the
Council prioritize an activities-based approach to regulating systemic risk
rather than designating individual entities, and recommending that the Council
increase the analytical rigor of its designation analyses, enhance engagement
with relevant regulators and transparency to the public, and provide a clear
off-ramp to designated nonbank SIFIs. The Council has begun discussions
regarding potential amendments to its guidance on nonbank financial company
designations related to an activities-based approach to monitoring and
addressing potential systemic risk. We will monitor developments resulting from
these recommendations and discussions closely. 

 Insurance Regulation 

 Certain states
and other jurisdictions require registration and periodic reporting by (re)insurance
companies that are licensed in such jurisdictions and are controlled by other
entities. Applicable legislation typically requires periodic disclosure
concerning the entity that controls the registered insurer and the other
companies in the holding company system and prior approval of intercompany
transactions and transfers of assets, including in some instances payment of
dividends by the (re)insurance subsidiary, within the holding company system.
This legislation also requires any person or entity desiring to purchase more
than a specified percentage (commonly 10 percent) of our outstanding voting
securities to obtain regulatory approval prior to such purchase. Our
subsidiaries are registered under such legislation in those jurisdictions that
have such requirements.  

 Our U.S. (re)insurance
subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the states and other
jurisdictions in which they do business. The method of such regulation varies
but generally has its source in statutes that delegate regulatory and
supervisory  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            9 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 powers to a state insurance official. The
regulation and supervision relate primarily to the financial condition of the
insurers and their corporate conduct and market conduct activities. This
includes approval of policy forms and rates, the standards of solvency that
must be met and maintained, including with respect to risk-based capital, the
standards on transactions between (re)insurance company subsidiaries and their
affiliates, including restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends
or other distributions payable by (re)insurance company subsidiaries to their
parent companies, the licensing of insurers and their agents, restrictions on
the size of risks that may be insured under a single policy, deposits of
securities for the benefit of policyholders, requirements for acceptability of
reinsurers, periodic examinations of the affairs of (re)insurance companies,
the form and content of reports of financial condition required to be filed,
reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes and enterprise risk
management and corporate governance requirements. Our (re)insurance
subsidiaries are also subject to requirements on investments, which prescribe
the kind, quality and concentration of investments they can make. In general,
such regulation is for the protection of policyholders rather than the
creditors or equity owners of these companies.  

 U.S. states have
state insurance guaranty associations in which insurers doing business in the
state are required by law to be members. Member insurers may be assessed by the
associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to
policyholders and claimants. Typically, states assess member insurers in
amounts related to the member’s proportionate share of the relevant type of
business written by all members in the state. The protection afforded by a
state’s guaranty association to policyholders of insolvent insurers varies from
state to state. 

 In the U.S., the
NAIC is a standard-setting and regulatory support organization created and
governed by the chief insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of
Columbia and five U.S. territories. The NAIC itself is not a regulator, but,
with assistance from the NAIC, state insurance regulators establish standards
and best practices, conduct peer review and coordinate regulatory oversight.
Every state has adopted, in substantial part, the Risk-Based Capital (RBC)
Model Law promulgated by the NAIC or a substantially similar law, which allows
states to act upon the results of RBC calculations, and provides four
incremental levels of regulatory action regarding insurers whose RBC
calculations fall below specific thresholds. Those levels of action range from
the requirement to submit a plan describing how an insurer would regain a
specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. The RBC
formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
in relation to the risks inherent in its business and computes a risk-adjusted
surplus level by applying discrete factors to various asset, premium, reserve
and other financial statement items. These factors are developed to be
risk-sensitive so that higher factors are applied to items exposed to greater
risk. The statutory surplus of each of our U.S. based (re)insurance
companies exceeded RBC minimum required levels as of December 31, 2018. 

 If any of our (re)insurance
entities fell below prescribed levels of statutory surplus, it would be our
intention to provide appropriate capital or other types of support to that
entity.  For additional information, see  Item 7. MD&A –  Liquidity and
Capital Resources  –  Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and
Subsidiaries  –  Insurance Companies. 

 The NAIC’s Model
Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees (ULSGs). NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX)
clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including certain
ULSGs.  See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for risks and additional information related to these statutory
reserving requirements.  In December 2012, the NAIC approved a new valuation
manual containing a principle-based approach to life insurance company
reserves. Principle-based reserving (PBR) is designed to tailor the reserving
process to specific products in an effort to create a principle-based modeling
approach to reserving rather than the factor-based approach historically
employed. PBR became effective on January 1, 2017, after the NAIC’s model
Standard Valuation Law was enacted by the requisite number of states
representing the required premium volume, replacing Regulation XXX and
Guideline AXXX with respect to new life insurance business issued after that date.
Two of our domiciliary states (Missouri and Texas) have adopted the regulations
necessary to implement PBR. On December 10, 2018, a third domiciliary state
(New York) adopted an emergency regulation to begin the implementation of PBR
for regulated life insurers. We have up to three years after January 1, 2017 to
implement PBR, and have currently elected to defer implementation. 

 The NAIC’s
Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act (the Model Holding Company Act)
and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation include (i)
provisions authorizing NAIC commissioners to act as global group-wide
supervisors for internationally active insurance groups and participate in
international supervisory colleges, and (ii) the requirement that the ultimate
controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual enterprise risk report with
its lead state regulator identifying risks likely to have a material adverse
effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of its licensed insurers or
the insurance holding company system as a whole. All of the states where AIG
has domestic insurers have enacted a version of the revised Model Holding Company
Act, including the enterprise risk reporting requirement. 

 The NAIC’s Risk
Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act (ORSA) requires that
insurers maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal own risk
and solvency assessment of the insurer’s material risks in normal and stressed
environments. All of the states where AIG has domestic insurers have enacted a
version of ORSA. 


 


 

 10                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 ERISA and Standard of Care Developments 

 We provide
products and services that are subject to the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Internal Revenue Code).  Plans subject to ERISA include certain
pension and profit sharing plans and welfare plans, including health, life and
disability plans.  As a result, our activities are subject to the
restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, including the
requirement under ERISA that fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in
the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries, and that
fiduciaries may not cause a covered plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions. 
 

 Certain of our
retirement products and services were also subject to the DOL Fiduciary Rule
before the final rule was formally vacated by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit (the Fifth Circuit) on March 15, 2018 with the Fifth Circuit
ruling that the DOL exceeded its authority in promulgating the DOL Fiduciary
Rule, specifically in its broadening of the scope of fiduciary “investment
advice” under ERISA and in the terms of the best interest contract exemption.
As the Fifth Circuit’s final judgment was not further appealed, the ruling has
the effect of invalidating the DOL Fiduciary Rule in its entirety. While the
DOL has indicated that it plans to issue in September 2019 a revised final
fiduciary rule package to replace the DOL Fiduciary Rule vacated by the Fifth
Circuit, we cannot predict at this time the scope or substance of the new
regulation that may be ultimately promulgated by the DOL or the impact such
regulation may have on our businesses and operations. 

 In addition to
the DOL, the SEC, federal and state lawmakers and state insurance regulators
continue their efforts to evaluate what is an appropriate regulatory framework
around a standard of care for the sale of investment products and services. On
April 18, 2018, the SEC proposed a package of proposed rules and interpretations
designed to address standard of care issues and the transparency of retail
investors’ relationships with investment advisors and broker-dealers. On July
18, 2018, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) adopted a
best interest standard of care regulation applicable to annuity and life
transactions through issuance of the First Amendment to Insurance Regulation
187 – Suitability and Best Interests in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions
(Regulation 187). 

 For
additional information regarding these developments,  see Item 7. MD&A – Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook –
Industry and Economic Factors –Standard of Care Developments . 

 Investment Adviser, Broker-Dealer and Investment Company Regulation 

 Our investment
products and services are subject to federal and state securities, fiduciary,
including ERISA, and other laws and regulations. The SEC, Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), CFTC, state securities commissions, state
insurance departments and the DOL are the principal U.S. regulators of these
operations. 

 The subsidiaries
that manage the operations of our investment products and services are
registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940 (the Investment Advisers Act) and are required to supervise the activities
of their personnel. Our affiliates that offer interests in insurance
company separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment products,
and that provide other financial services to customers, are registered as
broker-dealers and/or investment advisors with the SEC under the Exchange Act or
the Investment Advisors Act, with certain states, and/or are also members of
FINRA, as applicable. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries and their personnel
are subject to examination by the SEC, FINRA, and the states for compliance
with law, and certain personnel of these broker-dealers are also required to pass
qualification examinations. The investment products that are offered by
our affiliates may be registered under the Securities Act, which regulates
disclosure regarding the products, and/or the Investment Company of 1940, which
imposes substantive regulation on the structure and governance of the products,
as well as being subject to insurance regulation in the case of separate
accounts. Some products may also be qualified for sale in various states,
the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.  

 Our subsidiary,
AlphaCat Managers Ltd., is a licensed insurance manager and is registered as an
investment adviser with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act. AlphaCat
Managers Ltd. is also registered as a “commodity pool operator” with the CFTC
and is a member of the National Futures Association. 

 For additional
information regarding legislative and regulatory developments surrounding a
standard of care for the sale of investment products and services,  see Item 7. MD&A – Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook –
Industry and Economic Factors – Standard of Care Developments . 

 Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity 

 We are subject
to U.S. laws and regulations that require financial institutions and other
businesses to protect the security and confidentiality of personal and other
sensitive information and provide notice of their practices relating to the
collection and disclosure of personal information. We also are subject to laws
and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals and regulators
of security breaches.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            11 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data
Security Model Law (NAIC Model Law), which would require insurers, insurance
producers and other entities required to be licensed under state insurance laws
to develop and maintain a written information security program, conduct risk
assessments, oversee the data security practices of third-party service
providers and other related requirements. Legislation based on the NAIC Model
Law has been enacted in South Carolina, Ohio and Michigan, and may be enacted
in other states.  

 Effective March
1, 2017, the NYDFS promulgated a cybersecurity regulation requiring covered
financial services institutions to implement a cybersecurity program designed
to protect information systems. The regulation imposes specific technical
safeguards as well as governance, risk assessment, monitoring and testing,
third party service provider incident response and reporting and other
requirements. The regulation sets forth transitional periods for compliance
with different sections of the regulation through early 2019. AIG companies
covered by the regulation periodically file certifications of compliance with the
requirements in force at the time of each such filing. Requirements under the
NYDFS’ cybersecurity regulation are similar to those under the NAIC Model Law,
with some differences.  

 In 2018,
California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which
will go into effect in 2020. The CCPA contains a number of new requirements
regarding the personal information of California consumers as defined by the
statute, including new individual rights and mandatory disclosures regarding
consumers’ personal information. The statute also establishes a private right
of action in some cases if consumers’ personal information is subject to a data
breach as a result of a business’ failure to implement and maintain reasonable
security practices. 

 For
information on privacy, data protection and cybersecurity regulation in the EU and
other international jurisdictions, see International Regulation – Privacy, Data
Protection and Cybersecurity.  

 Thrift Regulator 

 AIG Federal
Savings Bank, our trust-only federal thrift subsidiary, is supervised and
regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 

 INTERNATIONAL REGULATION 

 Insurance Regulation 

 A substantial
portion of our business is conducted in foreign countries. The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. Generally, our
subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory
requirements; licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification or revocation by such authorities, and therefore these
subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting business in certain of the
jurisdictions where they currently operate.  

 Certain
jurisdictions require registration and periodic reporting by (re)insurance
companies that are licensed in such jurisdictions and are controlled by other
entities. Applicable legislation typically requires periodic disclosure
concerning the entity that controls the registered insurer and the other
companies in the holding company system and prior approval of intercompany
transactions and  transfers of assets,
including in some instances payment of dividends by the (re)insurance
subsidiary within the holding company system. Our subsidiaries are registered
under such legislation in those jurisdictions that have such requirements. 

 In addition to
these licensing and other requirements, our foreign operations are also
regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy language
and terms, advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount and type
of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of local
investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
participating policies. Our foreign operations are subject to local tax laws
and regulations as well. Some foreign countries regulate rates on various types
of policies. Certain countries have established reinsurance institutions,
wholly or partially owned by the local government, to which admitted insurers
are obligated to cede a portion of their business on terms that may not always
allow foreign insurers, including our subsidiaries, full compensation. In some
countries, regulations governing constitution of technical reserves and
remittance balances may hinder remittance of profits and repatriation of
assets.  

 Legislation in
the EU could also affect our international (re)insurance operations. The EU
issues Directives and Regulations on a wide range of topics that impact
financial services. Insurance companies operating in the EU are subject to the
Solvency II framework. The Prudential Regulation Authority, the United
Kingdom’s (UK’s) prudential regulator, is the lead prudential supervisor    for our new UK entity,
AIG UK. The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG UK for
consumer protection and competition matters. The Luxembourg insurance
regulator, the Commissariat aux Assurances (the CAA) is the insurance regulator
for AIG Europe SA, which serves our European Economic Area (EEA) and Swiss
policyholders.  For information on the UK’s
pending withdrawal of its membership in the EU, see —Brexit .  In addition, financial
companies that operate in the EU are subject to a range of regulations enforced
by the national regulators in each member state in which that firm operates.
The EU has also established a set of regulatory requirements under the European
Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) that include, among other things, risk
mitigation, risk  
 


 

 12                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 management, regulatory reporting and
clearing requirements. Solvency II governs the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. In accordance
with Solvency II, the European Commission is required to make a determination
as to whether a supervisory regime outside of the EU is “equivalent.”  

 On September 22,
2017, the U.S. Treasury Department and the Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative, on behalf of the U.S., and the EU signed the bilateral Covered
Agreement, which is intended to address issues regarding the application of
Solvency II requirements to U.S.-based insurance groups as well as other
(re)insurance regulatory issues. Certain aspects of the agreement remain
subject to an implementation timetable in the U.S. and the EU, which may delay
or even prevent the agreement from being fully implemented. In particular,
the U.S. states have been given a period of five years to comply with the
agreement’s reinsurance collateral provisions. After 42 months, FIO must begin
evaluating a potential preemption determination with respect to any state law
not in compliance with the aim of assuring full compliance within the five-year
timeframe. The agreement may be terminated (following mandatory consultation)
by notice from one party to the other effective in 180 days, or at such time as
the parties may agree. 

 Under the agreement,
AIG will be supervised at the worldwide group level only by its relevant U.S.
insurance supervisors, and will not have to satisfy EU Solvency II group
capital, reporting and governance requirements for its worldwide group. The
agreement, however, would permit the imposition of EU Solvency II group capital
requirements if, after five years from the signing of the agreement, a U.S.
insurer is not subject to a group capital assessment by its applicable state
regulator. The NAIC is in the process of developing a group capital calculation
that, once adopted by the states, is expected to satisfy this condition. The
agreement further provides that if the summary risk reports submitted to the
supervisory authority of a host jurisdiction expose any serious threat to
policyholder protection or financial stability in such host state, the host
supervisor may request further information from the insurance group and/or
impose preventive or corrective measures with respect to the (re)insurer in its
jurisdiction. The agreement also seeks to impose equal treatment of U.S. and
EU-based reinsurers that meet certain qualifications. In the U.S., once
fully implemented, the agreement requires U.S. states to lift reinsurance
collateral requirements on qualifying EU-based reinsurers and provide them
equal treatment with U.S. reinsurers or be subject to federal preemption. While
this provision does not preclude AIG from continuing to request collateral from
an EU reinsurer that is party to a bilateral reinsurance transaction, it is
unclear how much collateral AIG will be able to obtain from EU reinsurers going
forward. 

 On December 18,
2018, the U.S. Treasury Department and the Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative signed the Bilateral Agreement between the U.S. and the UK on
Prudential Measures Regarding Insurance and Reinsurance (the U.S.-UK Covered
Agreement). The terms of the agreement are substantially similar to the U.S.-EU
Covered Agreement. The agreement has been entered into in order to maintain
regulatory certainty and market continuity as the UK prepares to leave the EU.
The agreement is still subject to U.S. and UK internal requirements and
procedures, including a 90 day Congressional notification period in the U.S. In
addition, the agreement notes with respect to the date of entry into force that
the UK must take into account its obligations arising in respect of any
agreement between the EU and the UK pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on
European Union, which sets out the process under which an EU member state may
withdraw from the EU. 

 The Bermuda
Monetary Authority (the BMA) regulates AIG’s operating (re)insurance
subsidiaries in Bermuda. The Insurance Act 1978 and its related regulations (as
amended, the Insurance Act), as enforced by the BMA, impose a variety of
requirements and restrictions on our Bermuda operating (re)insurance
subsidiaries including: the filing of annual statutory financial returns; the
filing of annual GAAP financial statements; compliance with minimum enhanced
capital requirements; compliance with the BMA’s Insurance Code of Conduct;
compliance with minimum solvency margins and liquidity ratios; limitations on
dividends and distributions; preparation of an annual Financial Condition
Report providing details of measures governing the business operations,
corporate governance framework, solvency and financial performance; and
restrictions on certain changes in control of regulated (re)insurers. 

 Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity 

 The EU General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) took effect in May 2018. The GDPR aims to
introduce consistent data protection rules across the EU, and its scope extends
to entities established within the EEA (i.e., EU member states plus Iceland,
Liechtenstein and Norway) and also extends to certain entities not established
in the EEA (in certain instances, if they process personal data of or offer
goods or services to EEA data subjects, or monitor the behavior of EEA data
subjects (e.g., in an online context)).  

 We are
addressing the new requirements regarding the processing of personal data about
individuals, including mandatory security breach reporting, new and
strengthened individual rights, evidenced data controller accountability for
compliance with the GDPR principles (including fairness and transparency),
maintenance of data processing activity records and the implementation of
“privacy by design”, including through the completion of mandatory Data
Protection Impact Assessments in connection with higher risk data processing
activities. Sanctions for non-compliance with the GDPR are more onerous than
the previous regulatory regime with the potential for fines of up to 4 percent
of global revenue for the most serious infringements. 

 We also are
subject to other international laws and regulations that require financial
institutions and other businesses to protect the security and confidentiality
of personal and other sensitive information and provide notice of their
practices relating to the collection  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            13 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 and disclosure of
personal information, and to international laws and regulations requiring notification
to affected individuals and regulators of security breaches. In addition, we
must comply with laws and regulations regarding the cross-border transfer of
information. 

 For
additional information on U.S. privacy, data protection and cybersecurity
regulation, see U.S. Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity. 

 FSB and IAIS  

 The Financial
Stability Board (FSB) consists of representatives of national financial
authorities of the G20 countries. The FSB itself is not a regulator but is
focused primarily on promoting international financial stability. It does so by
coordinating the work of national financial authorities and international
standard-setting bodies as well as developing and promoting the implementation
of regulatory, supervisory and other financial policies. The FSB has issued a
series of frameworks and recommendations intended to produce significant
changes in how financial companies, particularly global systemically important
financial institutions, should be regulated. These frameworks and
recommendations address such issues as systemic financial risk, financial group
supervision, capital and solvency standards, corporate governance including
compensation, and a number of related issues associated with responses to the
financial crisis.  

 The IAIS
represents insurance regulators and supervisors of more than 200 jurisdictions
(including regions and states) in nearly 140 countries and seeks to promote
globally consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS itself is not a
regulator, but one of its activities is to develop insurance regulatory
standards for use by local authorities across the globe. The FSB has charged
the IAIS with developing a framework for measuring systemic risks posed by
insurance groups and has directed the IAIS to create standards relative to many
of the areas of focus of the FSB, which go beyond the IAIS’ basic Insurance
Core Principles. The IAIS is developing ComFrame, a Common Framework for the
Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame sets
out qualitative and quantitative standards in order to assist supervisors in
collectively addressing an IAIG’s activities and risks, identifying and
avoiding regulatory gaps and coordinating supervisory activities. ComFrame
is expected to include standards for group supervision, governance and internal
controls, enterprise risk management, and recovery and resolution planning. Also
in connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the process of developing a
risk-based global insurance capital standard (ICS) applicable to IAIGs. 
We currently meet the parameters set forth to define an IAIG. ComFrame
standards are expected to be finalized in 2019. Following completion of field
testing in 2019, the IAIS will put forward ICS version 2.0 for implementation
in 2020. Implementation of ICS version 2.0 will consist of two phases: (1) a
five year monitoring phase in which ICS version 2.0 will be used for
confidential reporting to group-wide supervisors and discussion in supervisory
colleges; and (2) an implementation phase whereby the ICS will be applied as a
group-wide prescribed capital requirement at which point results will be used
as the basis for supervisory action.  Confidential
reporting of ICS version 2.0 will include reporting by IAIGs of a standard
formula based on market adjusted valuation and the option, at the discretion of
the group-wide supervisor, of additional ICS reporting based on GAAP with
adjustments and/or an internal model based-calculation.  In recognition of U.S. Federal Reserve and NAIC plans to
develop an “aggregation method” for group capital, the IAIS has agreed to aid
in the development of - and collect data from jurisdictions that are party to -
the aggregation method. Although the aggregation method will not be part of ICS
version 2.0, the IAIS aims to be in a position at the end of the monitoring phase
to determine whether the aggregated approach provides substantially the same
outcome as the ICS, in which case it could be incorporated into the ICS as an
outcome-equivalent approach. 

 In February
2017, the IAIS announced the adoption of a three-year systemic risk assessment
and policy workplan due to be finalized by year-end 2019. This initiative is
comprised of a new macroprudential activities-based approach (ABA) to
regulating systemic risk which will be developed in conjunction with the IAIS’
previously announced work in finalizing ComFrame, including the ICS, as well as
any improvements to the methodology for identifying global systemically
important insurers (G-SIIs). Based on the IAIS’ G-SII assessment methodology,
since July 2013 the FSB has published an annual list of G-SIIs, which has
included us. However, on November 30, 2017 the FSB announced that it would not
be proceeding with the publication of a G-SII list for 2017 in light of the
IAIS’ development of the ABA and its implications for the assessment of
systemic risk in insurance and, by extension, the identification of G-SIIs and
related policy measures for G-SIIs. On November 14, 2018, the FSB announced
that, in light of IAIS progress in developing a proposed holistic framework for
the assessment and mitigation of potential systemic risk in the insurance
sector, inclusive of the ABA as a key component of the framework, it has
decided not to engage in an identification of G-SIIs in 2018. In its public
consultation on the holistic framework, issued on November 14, 2018, the IAIS
noted that, in its view, the implementation of the holistic framework would
obviate the need for the FSB’s annual G-SII identification process. The FSB
stated that it will (i) assess the IAIS’s recommendation to suspend G-SII
identification from 2020, once the holistic framework is finalized in November 2019;
and (ii) in November 2022, based on the initial years of implementation of
the holistic framework, review the need to either discontinue or re-establish
an annual identification of G-SIIs. 

 The standards
issued by the FSB and/or the IAIS are not binding on the United States or other
jurisdictions around the world unless and until the appropriate local
governmental bodies or regulators adopt laws and regulations implementing such
standards. At this  
 


 

 14                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 time, it is not known how the
IAIS’ frameworks and/or standards might be implemented in the United States and
other jurisdictions around the world, or how they might apply to us. 

 Brexit  

 On June 23,
2016, the UK held a referendum in which a majority voted for the UK to withdraw
its membership in the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit. The terms of
withdrawal remain uncertain, with the draft withdrawal agreement having to date
been rejected by the UK Parliament. There can be no assurance that a withdrawal
agreement will be reached prior to Brexit. 

 AIG has
significant operations and employees in the UK and other EU member states.
Prior to December 1, 2018, our General Insurance business operated through AIG
Europe Limited (AEL), a UK-incorporated insurer with branches across the EEA.
These branches operated through the EU concept of Freedom of Establishment,
which allows an insurer in any member state to establish branch operations in
any other member state but with a single capital pool and a single prudential
regulator (which in this case was the UK’s Prudential Regulation Authority as
AEL was UK-authorized). In addition, the various establishments of AEL were
able to sell insurance products across borders into other member states under
the EU principle of Freedom of Services. In the event that the UK leaves the EU
without a withdrawal agreement in place, or in the event that a withdrawal
agreement does not preserve access to these EU freedoms for UK insurers, AEL
would be severely constrained in its ability to utilize and benefit from such
freedoms. UK government policy has not been to pursue continued UK membership
of the EU single market and so even if the UK and EU are able to settle on a
withdrawal agreement, it is unlikely that AEL’s structure would have remained
efficient beyond any proposed temporary transitional period. 

 As a result, in
order to adapt to and be prepared ahead of Brexit, on December 1, 2018, we
completed a reorganization of our operations and legal entity structure in the
UK and the EU through the establishment of a new European subsidiary in
Luxembourg, AIG Europe S.A. (AESA), which has branches across the EEA and
Switzerland, and a new UK subsidiary, American International Group UK Limited
(AIG UK). Business written by AEL’s branches in the remaining EEA countries was
transferred to AESA, along with business previously written on a Freedom of Services
basis from AEL’s UK operations. The remaining business written by AEL’s UK
operations was transferred to AIG UK and AEL was merged into AESA, allowing AIG
to operate in both the EEA and UK on a standalone basis 

 This
reorganization addresses the uncertainty for UK insurers generated by Brexit
because it ensures that even in the event that no agreement is reached between
the UK and EU in this sector, AIG will be able to continue to service and pay
claims on existing policies, and write new and renewal business where the
insured risk is located in the remaining EEA countries. AIG continues to
monitor, adapt to and prepare for other risks relating to a “no deal” Brexit
that could impact its business including, for example, the effect on the wider
UK and EU economies and on investments, legislative changes, updates to policy
wording that may become necessary and other specific areas such as the issuance
of additional documentation to motorists it insures who travel cross border. 

 Derivatives  

 Regulation of
and restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions have been proposed or
adopted outside the United States. For instance, the EU has also
established a set of new regulatory requirements for EU derivatives activities
under EMIR. These requirements include, among other things, various risk
mitigation, risk management, margin posting, regulatory reporting and, for
certain categories of derivatives, clearing requirements. Aside from certain
margin obligations, these requirements are now in force. There remains the
possibility of increased administrative costs with respect to our EU
derivatives activities and overlapping or inconsistent regulation depending on
the ultimate application of cross-border regulatory requirements between and
among U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

 Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) II 

 The Markets in
Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) and Markets in Financial Instruments
Regulation took effect in Europe on January 3, 2018. MiFID II and the related
regulations are intended to create transparency in market trading by, for
example, imposing trade and transaction reporting and other requirements. AIG
Asset Management (Europe) Limited (AAMEL) has and continues to implement new
policies, procedures and reporting protocols required to ensure compliance with
this legislation and its related rules. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            15 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Available Information about AIG 

 


 Our
corporate website is  www.aig.com .  We make available
free of charge, through the Investor Information section of our corporate
website, the following reports (and related amendments as filed with the SEC)
as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed
with, or furnished to, the SEC:  

 •     
  Annual Reports on
Form 10-K 

 •     
  Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q  

 •     
  Current Reports on
Form 8-K 

 •     
  Proxy Statements on
Schedule 14A, as well as other filings with the SEC 

 Also
available on our corporate website: 

 •     
  Charters for Board
Committees:  Audit,
Nominating and Corporate Governance, Compensation and Management Resources,
Risk and Capital, and Technology Committees  

 •     
  Corporate Governance
Guidelines  ( which
include Director Independence Standards )  

 •     
  Director, Executive
Officer and Senior Financial Officer Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (we
will post on our website any amendment or waiver to this Code within the time
period required by the SEC) 

 •     
  Employee Code of
Conduct 

 •     
  Related‑Party
Transactions Approval Policy  

 Except
for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, information contained on our website or that can be
accessed through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Reference to our website is made as an inactive
textual reference. 



 
  



 
 


 

 16                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 ITEM 1A |  Risk Factors    

 Investing in AIG
involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should carefully
consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could have a
significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant
fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers
should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of
all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered
carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the
other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could
occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of
certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of
others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact
of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

 MARKET CONDITIONS 

 Deterioration of economic conditions,
geopolitical tensions or weakening in global capital markets may materially
affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity.    Our businesses are highly dependent on global economic and
market conditions. Weaknesses in economic conditions and the capital markets
and market volatility have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a
poor operating environment, erosion of consumer and investor confidence, reduced
business volumes, deteriorating liquidity and declines in asset valuations.
Adverse economic conditions may result from global economic and political
developments, including plateauing business activity and inflationary pressures
in developed economies, uncertainty surrounding China’s ability to successfully
maintain growth, the effects of Brexit (as defined below) on business
investment, hiring, migration and labor supply and intensifying trade
protectionism. These and other market, economic, and political factors could
have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity in many ways, including (i) lower levels of
consumer and commercial business activities that could decrease revenues and
profitability and decrease value in goodwill, deferred tax assets and other
long-term assets, (ii) increases in credit spreads and defaults that could
reduce investment asset valuations, increase credit losses across numerous
asset classes, and increase statutory capital requirements and (iii) increased
market volatility and uncertainty that could decrease liquidity and increase
borrowing costs. Other ways in which we could be negatively affected by
economic conditions include, but are not limited to: increases in policy
surrenders and cancellations; write-offs of deferred policy acquisition costs;
increases in liability for future policy benefits due to loss recognition on
certain long-duration insurance and reinsurance contracts; and increases in
expenses associated with third-party reinsurance, or decreased ability to
obtain reinsurance at acceptable terms. 

 Sustained low interest rates, or rapidly
increasing interest rates, may materially and adversely affect our
profitability.    Although
interest rates have been rising recently, particularly in the United States,
rates remain low relative to historical levels.   Sustained low interest
rates can negatively affect the performance of our investment securities and
reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. If a
low interest rate environment persists, we may experience lower investment
income. Due to practical and capital markets limitations, we may not be able to
fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets
relative to our liabilities. Continued low interest rates could also impair our
ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our
products at the time they were sold and issued. Changes in interest rates may
be correlated with inflation trends, which would impact our loss trends. 

 On the other
hand, in periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to
replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with higher
yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to
keep interest rate sensitive products competitive. Therefore, we may have to
accept a lower investment spread and, thus, lower profitability or face a
decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In
addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals tend to increase as
policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates
rise. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that we sell
investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely
affected by the increase in interest rates. This may result in realized
investment losses. An increase in interest rates could also have a material
adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by
decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that
comprise a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. This in turn could
adversely affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. 

 Reserves and Exposures 

 Insurance and reinsurance liabilities are
difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for losses and loss
expenses.  We regularly review the
adequacy of the established loss reserves and conduct extensive analyses of our
reserves during the year. Our loss reserves, however, may develop adversely and
materially impact our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            17 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 For General Insurance, estimation of ultimate net losses,
loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process, particularly for
long-tail liability lines of business. These lines include, but are not limited
to, general liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental, workers'
compensation, excess casualty and crisis management coverages, insurance and
risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized
structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability, errors
and omissions, products liability, programs and specialty. There is also
greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to new business,
particularly new business that is generated with respect to more recently
introduced product lines. In these cases, there is less historical experience
or knowledge and less data upon which the actuaries can rely. Estimating
reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or unintended coverages
that emerge due to changing conditions. These emerging issues may increase the
size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent and may not become
apparent for many years after a policy is issued. 

 While we use a
number of analytical reserve development techniques to project future loss
development, reserves have been and may be significantly affected by changes in
loss cost trends or loss development factors that were relied upon in setting
the reserves. For example, in 2018, 2017 and 2016, we recorded pre-tax net
charges of $1.4 billion, $1.6 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively, to
strengthen our General Insurance loss reserves, reflecting adverse development
in classes of business with long reporting tails, primarily in Casualty and
Financial Lines. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors
could be due to changes in actual versus expected claims and losses,
difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment
duration, or other social or economic factors affecting claims, including
judicial and legislative approaches. Any deviation in loss cost trends or in
loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time
after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or
number of years.  

 For Life and
Retirement, experience may develop adversely such that additional reserves must
be established. Adverse experience could arise out of a severe short term event
such as a pandemic, or due to misestimation of long-term assumptions such as
mortality improvement and interest rate assumptions. While mortality experience
is relatively stable due to the large amount of historical data available,
assumptions in respect of other variables, such as policyholder behavior can be
more difficult to estimate and may have a significant impact on reserves. Life
and Retirement reserves and assumptions are reviewed regularly and loss recognition
testing and cash flow testing is carried out annually.  

 For a further
discussion of our loss reserves see Item 7. MD&A — Critical
Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities — Loss Reserves and Insurance
Reserves — Loss Reserves and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Our consolidated results of operations,
liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of
natural and man-made catastrophic events.  Events such as hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, wildfires,
solar storms, war or other military action, acts of terrorism, explosions and
fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and other highly contagious
diseases, mass torts and other catastrophes have adversely affected our
business in the past and could do so in the future. For example, we had pre-tax
catastrophe losses of $2.9 billion in 2018, which included losses from
Hurricanes Florence and Michael, typhoons and earthquakes in Japan and mudslides
and wildfires in California.   

 In addition, we
recognize the scientific consensus that climate change is a reality of
increasing concern, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a
warming atmosphere and ocean, diminished snow and ice, and sea level rise. We understand
that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat to society as
a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas such as
catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions, particularly if
the frequency and severity of natural catastrophic events continue to increase.
Because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate
change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses
may impact our business.   

 Catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations, could
expose us to: 

 •     
  widespread claim costs
associated with property, workers’ compensation, A&H, business interruption
and mortality and morbidity claims; 

 •     
  loss resulting from a
decline in the value of our invested assets; 

 •     
  limitations on our
ability to recover deferred tax assets;  

 •     
  loss resulting from
actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the assumptions made in
product pricing;  

 •     
  declines in value
and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose securities we
hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit exposure to,
including reinsurers, and declines in the value of investments; and  

 •     
  significant disruptions
to our physical infrastructure, systems and operations. 

 Natural
and man-made catastrophic events are generally unpredictable. Our exposure to
catastrophic-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency
and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value and
geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. Vendor
models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage
catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions
or estimates.   


 


 

 18                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and
court decisions following major catastrophes could require us to pay the
insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit
the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated catastrophe claims. 

 For further
details on potential catastrophic events, including a sensitivity analysis of
our exposure to certain catastrophes, see Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise
Risk Management — Insurance Risks . 

 Reinsurance may not be available or
affordable and may not be adequate to protect us against losses.  Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of third-party reinsurance
and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management strategy. Our
reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional reinsurance, which allows a
reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance obligations
originally assumed by the reinsurer. While reinsurance does not discharge our
subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses insured or
reinsured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to the
subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk. For this reason,
reinsurance is an important tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk
retention and to mitigate losses from catastrophes. Market conditions beyond
our control may impact the availability and cost of reinsurance or
retrocessional reinsurance and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. For example,
reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year with a large
number of major catastrophes. We may, at certain times, be forced to incur
additional costs for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient
reinsurance on acceptable terms. In the latter case, we would have to accept an
increase in exposure to risk, reduce the amount of business written by our
subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits.  

 Additionally, we
are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries’ reinsurers to the
extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured by collateral or does not
benefit from other credit enhancements. We also bear the risk that a reinsurer
may be unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverables
for any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not
reflect the intent of the parties to the contract or there is a disagreement
between the parties as to their intent, (ii) the terms of the contract cannot
be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of the contract are interpreted by a court
or arbitration panel differently than expected, (iv) the reinsurance
transaction performs differently than we anticipated due to a flawed design of
the reinsurance structure, terms or conditions, or (v) a change in laws and
regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and regulations, materially
impacts a reinsurance transaction. The insolvency of one or more of our
reinsurers, or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the
terms of our contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and liquidity.  

 Additionally,
the use of reinsurance placed in the capital markets may not provide the same
levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions. Any disruption,
volatility and uncertainty in these markets, such as following a major
catastrophic event, may limit our ability to access such markets on terms
favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent that we intend to use structures
based on an industry loss index or other non-indemnity trigger rather than on
actual losses incurred by us, we could be subject to residual risk.  

 We currently
have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist attacks. Further, the
availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism is limited. We rely
heavily on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP), which provides U.S.
government risk assistance to the insurance industry to manage the exposure to
terrorism incidents in the U.S. TRIP was reauthorized in January 2015 and is
scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020. Under TRIP, once our losses for
certain acts of terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20 percent of our
commercial property and casualty insurance premiums for covered lines for the
prior calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for losses in
excess of our deductible, starting at 85 percent of losses in 2015 (81 percent
in 2019), and reducing by one percentage point each year, ending at 80 percent
in 2020, up to a total industry program limit of $100 billion. TRIP does not
cover losses in certain lines of business such as personal property and personal
casualty. We also rely on the government sponsored and government arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable
non-U.S. jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that TRIP will be
reauthorized and extended past December 31, 2020. 

 For
additional information on our reinsurance recoverable, see   Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk
Management — Insurance Risks — Reinsurance Activities — Reinsurance
Recoverable .  

 Concentration of our insurance, reinsurance
and other risk exposures may have adv erse effects.  We may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in
our insurance and reinsurance policies, derivatives and other obligations that
we undertake for customers and counterparties. We manage these concentration
risks by monitoring the accumulation of our exposures to factors such as exposure
type and size, industry, geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We
also seek to use third-party reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to
limit or offset exposures that exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain
circumstances, however, these risk management arrangements may not be available
on acceptable terms or may prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. Also,
our exposure for certain single risk coverages and other coverages may be so
large that adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or result in
additional statutory capital requirements for our subsidiaries.    

 Also see Item
7. MD&A – Business Segment Operations – General Insurance – Business
Strategy and  – Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            19 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Interest rate
fluctuations, increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment returns and
other events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of
deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) and record additional liabilities for
future policy benefits.  We incur
significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance
business. DAC represents deferred costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing
business. The recovery of these costs is generally dependent upon the future
profitability of the related business, but DAC amortization varies based on the
type of contract. For long-duration traditional business, DAC is generally
amortized in proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience. Actual
lapses in excess of expectations can result in an acceleration of DAC
amortization. 

 DAC for
investment-oriented products is generally amortized in proportion to estimated
gross profits. Estimated gross profits are affected by a number of assumptions,
including current and expected interest rates, net investment income and
spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender rates,
mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility. If actual and/or
future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected, then the
amortization of these costs would be accelerated in the period the actual
experience is known and would result in a charge to income. For example, if
interest rates rise rapidly and significantly, customers with policies that
have interest crediting rates below the current market may seek competing
products with higher returns and we may experience an increase in surrenders
and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, resulting in a decrease in
future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization of DAC.  

 We also
periodically review products for potential loss recognition events, principally
insurance-oriented products. This review involves estimating the future
profitability of in-force business and requires significant management judgment
about assumptions including mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance
expenses, and investment returns, including net realized capital gains
(losses). If actual experience or revised future expectations result in
projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC and
record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit expense,
which could negatively affect our results of operations.   

 For further
discussion of DAC and future policy benefits, see Item 7. MD&A — Critical
Accounting Estimates and Notes 9 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by
counterparties can materially and adversely affect the value of our
investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity.    We incur credit risk
with regard to counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums
receivable, certain General Insurance businesses and reinsurance recoverables.
These counterparties include issuers of fixed maturity and equity securities we
hold, borrowers of loans we hold, customers, trading counterparties,
counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers,
corporate and governmental entities whose payments or performance we insure,
clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries
and guarantors. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us due
to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, lack of liquidity, adverse economic
conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other
reasons. In addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options
and "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, we are generally exposed
to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house.
Defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a
material adverse effect on the value of our investments, business, financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. Additionally, if the underlying
assets supporting the structured securities we invest in default on their
payment obligations, our securities may incur losses. 

 Investment Portfolio AND Concentration of Investments 

 The performance and value of our investment
portfolio are subject  to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including changes in interest rates.  Our
investment securities are subject to market risks and uncertainties. In
particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including
monetary and fiscal policy, domestic and international economic and political
issues and other factors beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or
other factors may cause interest rate volatility, which could adversely affect
the value of the fixed income securities that we hold and could adversely
affect our ability to sell these securities. In addition, the evaluation of
available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairments, which may
occur if interest rates rise, is a quantitative and qualitative process that is
subject to significant management judgment. 

 For a
sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain market risk factors see Item 7.
MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Market Risk Management . 

 For a discussion
regarding changes to LIBOR rates, see “Changes in the method for determining
LIBOR and the potential replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and
net investment income” below. 

 Furthermore, our
alternative investment portfolio includes investments for which changes in fair
value are reported through operating income and are therefore subject to
significant volatility. In an economic downturn or declining market, the
reduction in our investment income due to decreases in the fair value of
alternative investments could have a material adverse effect on operating
income. 


 


 

 20                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Our investment
portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy.  Our results of operations and financial condition have in
the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of
concentration in our investment portfolio. We have significant exposure in real
estate and real estate-related securities, including residential
mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities
and commercial mortgage loans. We also have significant exposures to financial
institutions and, in particular, to money center and global banks; certain
industries, such as energy and utilities; U.S. state and local government
issuers and authorities; and Euro-Zone financial institutions, governments and
corporations. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any
particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic
region may adversely affect our investments to the extent they are concentrated
in such segments. Our ability to sell assets concentrated in such segments may
be limited.  

 Our valuation of investment securities may
include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to
differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations
that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity.    During periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to
value certain of our investment securities if trading becomes less frequent
and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be cases where certain
assets in normally active markets with significant observable data become
inactive with insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or
market conditions in effect at that time. As a result, valuations may include
inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation
and judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. These values
may not be realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the
asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation
assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an inability to realize
that value in a market transaction or secured lending transaction may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 

 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 

 AIG Parent’s ability to access funds from our
subsidiaries is limited.  As a holding
company, AIG Parent depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from
its subsidiaries to fund dividends on AIG Common Stock, to fund repurchases of
AIG Common Stock, warrants and debt obligations and to make payments due on its
obligations, including its outstanding debt. The majority of our investments
are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries may be limited in
their ability to make dividend payments or other distributions to AIG Parent in
the future because of the need to support their own capital levels or because
of regulatory limits or rating agency requirements. The inability of our
subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or other distributions in an amount
sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an
adverse effect on our operations, and on our ability to pay dividends,
repurchase AIG Common Stock, warrants and debt obligations or to meet our debt
service obligations. 

 Our internal sources of liquidity may be
insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be
required by our subsidiaries.  We need
liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt
obligations and to meet capital needs of our subsidiaries. If our liquidity is
insufficient to meet our needs, we may at the time need to have recourse to
third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity,
which may not be available or could be prohibitively expensive. The
availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on
a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of
trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and
our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is also possible that, as a result
of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could
develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects.
Disruptions, volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, and
downgrades in our credit ratings, may limit our ability to access external
capital markets at times and on terms favorable to us to meet our capital and
liquidity needs or prevent our accessing the external capital markets or other
financing sources.  

 For a further
discussion of our liquidity, see   Item 7.
MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources .  

 AIG Parent’s ability to support our
subsidiaries is limited.    AIG Parent has in the past and expects to continue to
provide capital to our subsidiaries as necessary to maintain regulatory capital
ratios, comply with rating agency requirements and meet unexpected cash flow
obligations. If AIG Parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary,
the credit rating agencies could downgrade the subsidiary’s financial strength
ratings or the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be
seized by its regulator.  

 For further
discussion of rating agency requirements, see “A downgrade in the Insurer
Financial Strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could
limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and
retaining customers and business” below. 

 Our subsidiaries may not be able to generate
cash to meet their needs due to the illiquidity of some of their investments.  Our subsidiaries have investments in certain securities
that may be illiquid, including certain fixed income securities and certain
structured securities, private company securities, investments in private
equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and real
estate. Collectively, investments in these assets had a fair value of $62 billion
at December 31, 2018. Adverse real estate and capital markets, and wider
credit spreads, have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely
affect the liquidity of our other securities portfolios, including our
residential and commercial mortgage‑related securities portfolios. In the
event  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            21 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 additional liquidity is required by one or more
of our subsidiaries and AIG Parent is unable to provide it, it may be difficult
for these subsidiaries to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or
otherwise monetizing these less liquid investments. 

 A downgrade in the Insurer Financial Strength
ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to
write or prevent them from writing new business and retaining customers and
business.  Insurer Financial Strength
(IFS) ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position
of insurance or reinsurance companies. IFS ratings measure an insurance or
reinsurance company’s ability to meet its obligations to contract holders and
policyholders. High ratings help maintain public confidence in a company’s
products, facilitate marketing of products and enhance its competitive
position. Downgrades of the IFS ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies
could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more difficult for them
to succeed in selling, products and services, or result in increased policy
cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of assumed reinsurance
contracts, or return of premiums. Under credit rating agency policies
concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a downgrade
in AIG Parent’s credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the IFS ratings
of our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries. Certain rating agencies negatively
revised the outlook for our IFS ratings in early 2017, primarily as a result of
our reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and related concerns
regarding our profitability outlook. These same rating agencies maintained
negative outlooks on our ratings throughout 2018 and 2019 to date. We cannot
predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in
response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our
business. 

 A downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely
affect our business, our results of operations or our liquidity.  Credit ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its
obligations. A downgrade of our long-term debt ratings by the major rating
agencies could potentially increase our financing costs and limit the
availability of financing. A downgrade would also require us to post additional
collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party,
and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions. This could
adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a
reporting period and/or our liquidity. Certain rating agencies negatively revised
our credit ratings and ratings outlooks in early 2017, primarily as a result of
our reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and related concerns
regarding our profitability outlook. These same rating agencies maintained
negative outlooks on our ratings throughout 2018 and 2019 to date. We cannot
predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in
response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our
business. 

 We may be required to post additional
collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated
insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our businesses.
 If our reinsurance liabilities
increase, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance
company clients that we reinsure. In addition, regulatory changes could
sometimes require us to post additional collateral. The need to post this
additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell
investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality
or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. This could
adversely impact our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and
financial condition. 

 Changes in the method for determining LIBOR
and the potential replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and net
investment income.  As a result of
concerns about the accuracy of the calculation of LIBOR, a number of British
Bankers’ Association (BBA) member banks entered into settlements with certain
regulators and law enforcement agencies with respect to the alleged
manipulation of LIBOR. Actions by the BBA, regulators or law enforcement
agencies as a result of these or future events may result in changes to the
manner in which LIBOR is determined.   

 For example, on
July 27, 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to
stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021, which is
expected to result in these widely used reference rates no longer being
available. Potential changes to LIBOR, as well as uncertainty related to such
potential changes and the establishment of any alternative reference rates, may
adversely affect the market for LIBOR-based securities and could adversely
impact the substantial amount of derivatives contracts used to hedge our
insurance liabilities. In addition, the discontinuance of LIBOR or changes or
reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or
prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse
impact on the market for LIBOR-based securities or the value of our investment
portfolio and the derivatives contracts used to hedge our insurance liabilities. 

 Business and operations 

 Our restructuring initiatives may not yield
our expected reduc tions in expenses and improvements in
operational and organizational efficiency.  We may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions
and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result
from our restructuring initiatives, including the reorganization of AIG into
General Insurance and Life and Retirement segments. Actual costs to implement
these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully
implement and execute these initiatives as planned. The implementation of these
initiatives may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our
competitive position. Our businesses and results of operations may be
negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense
reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives
harms our  
 


 

 22                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 relationships with customers or employees or
our competitive position. The successful implementation of these initiatives
may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business
rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business
and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a
number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

 Pricing for our products is subject to our
ability to adequately assess risks and estimate losses.    We seek to price our
insurance and reinsurance products such that premiums, policy fees and charges,
and future net investment income earned on revenues received will result in an
acceptable profit in excess of expenses and the cost of paying claims. Our
business is dependent on our ability to price our products effectively and
charge appropriate premiums. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors
and assumptions, including proper evaluation of insurance risks, our expense
levels, net investment income realized, our response to rate actions taken by
competitors, legal and regulatory developments and the ability to obtain
regulatory approval for rate changes. Some life insurance business has the
ability to adjust certain nonguaranteed charges or benefits if necessary;
however, this right is limited and may be subject to guaranteed minimums and/or
maximums    and
may result in reputational and/or litigation risk. Inadequate pricing could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

 Guarantees
within certain of our products may increase the volatility of our results.    Certain of our annuity and life insurance products include
features that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum
death benefits (GMDB), guaranteed living benefits (GLB), and products with guaranteed
interest crediting rates tied to an index.   

 For a
discussion of market risk management related to these product features see Item
7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and
Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Programs .  

 Differences
between the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives associated with
some of these guarantees and the related hedging portfolio can be caused by
extreme and unanticipated movements in the equity markets, interest rates and
market volatility, policyholder behavior that differs from our assumptions and
our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the
desired risk and return trade-off.  The occurrence of one or more of these
events could result in an increase in the liabilities associated with the
guaranteed benefits, reducing our net income and shareholders’ equity. While we
believe that our actions have reduced the risks related to guaranteed benefits
and guaranteed interest crediting, our exposure may not be fully or correctly hedged.
 

 For more
information regarding these products see Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Item 1. Business – Regulation, and Item 7. MD&A –
Critical Accounting Estimates   –
Insurance Liabilities – Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity
Products .  

 Our foreign operations expose us to risks
that may affect our operations.  We
provide insurance, reinsurance, investment and other financial products and
services to both businesses and individuals in more than 80 countries and
jurisdictions. A substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the
U.S., and we intend to continue to grow business in strategic markets.
Operations outside the U.S. may be affected by regional economic downturns,
changes in foreign currency exchange rates, political events or upheaval,
nationalization and other restrictive government actions, which could also
affect our other operations. 

 The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries
operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements
and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain
conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification and revocation. Consequently, our insurance
subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the
jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single
country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the
magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 On June 23,
2016, the United Kingdom (UK) held a referendum in which a majority voted for
the UK to withdraw its membership in the European Union (EU), commonly referred
to as Brexit. The terms of withdrawal remain uncertain, with the draft
withdrawal agreement having to date been rejected by the UK Parliament. There
can be no assurance that a withdrawal agreement will be reached prior to
Brexit. We have significant operations and employees in the UK and other EU
member states, and, as a result of Brexit, we have completed a reorganization
of our operations and legal entity structure in the UK and the EU through the
establishment of a new European subsidiary in Luxembourg with branches across
the EEA and Switzerland, and a new UK subsidiary. For additional information
regarding the reorganization of our European operations in light of Brexit, see
Item 1. Business – Regulation – International Regulation – Brexit. However,
there remains uncertainty around the post-Brexit regulatory environment. Brexit
has also affected the U.S. dollar/British pound exchange rate, increased the
volatility of exchange rates among the euro, British pound and the Japanese yen,
and created volatility in the financial markets. It is possible that the
uncertainty around the outcome of the negotiations between the UK and the EU
will lead to further turbulence in the financial markets, which may affect the
value of our investments. 

 We may experience difficulty in marketing and
distributing products through our current and future distribution channels.  Although we distribute our products through a wide variety
of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with certain key
distributors. Distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to
renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, or reduce or  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            23 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 terminate their distribution relationships with us,
including for such reasons as industry consolidation of distributors or other
industry changes that increase the competition for access to distributors,
developments in legislation or regulation that affect our business, adverse
developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about
market-related risks. An interruption in certain key relationships could
materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material
adverse effect on our businesses, operating results and financial condition. 

 In addition,
when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be
able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution, despite our training
and compliance programs. If our products are distributed to customers for whom
they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may
suffer reputational and other harm to our business. 

 We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable
to maintain the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the
security of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and
adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and
use customer, employee, and company data and information. Some of these
systems, in turn, rely upon third-party systems. Additionally, some of our
systems are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an
ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade. Our
business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform
necessary business functions. These functions include providing insurance or
reinsurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing
policies, filing and paying claims, administering life and annuity products and
mutual funds, providing customer support, executing transactions and managing
our investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our
ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our
ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our business partners
and customers and expose us to legal claims as well as regulatory
investigations and sanctions. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer
virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, cyberattack or other disruption
inside or outside the U.S., our systems may be inaccessible to our employees,
customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and our employees
may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our
data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised.  

 Like other
global companies, our systems have in the past been, and will likely in the
future be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including
physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as
attempted cyber and other security threats and other computer-related
penetrations. The frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to
increase. We must continuously monitor and develop our information technology
networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk
of threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus
attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, misuse, denial-of-service attacks,
system failures and disruptions. There is no assurance that our security
measures, including information security policies, administrative, technical
and physical controls and other preventative actions, will provide fully
effective protection from such events. AIG maintains cyber risk insurance, but
this insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of
personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In some
cases, such unauthorized access may not be immediately detected. This may
impede or interrupt our business operations and could adversely affect our
consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  

 In addition, we
routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary
information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep
such information confidential, we may be unable to do so in all events,
especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other
third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal,
confidential or proprietary information. Any problems caused by these third
parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle
current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches at a vendor
could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our
customers and otherwise conduct our business.  

 Furthermore,
certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations
enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the European Union or other
jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges
relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees
or others. The variety of applicable privacy and information security laws and
regulations could expose us to heightened regulatory scrutiny and may require
us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses to ensure and
maintain compliance. If we are found not to be in compliance with these laws and
regulations, we could be subjected to significant civil and criminal liability
and exposed to reputational harm. For additional information on data protection
and cybersecurity regulations, see Item 1. Business – Regulation – U.S.
Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity and – International
Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity. Additionally, the
compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could cause a
loss of data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to
liability under U.S. and international laws and regulations, and subject us to
litigation, investigations, sanctions and regulatory and law enforcement action,
and result in reputational harm and loss of business, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and
results of operations.  

 We are
continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and
processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our
technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers and employees. Due
to the complexity  
 


 

 24                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 and interconnectedness of our
systems and processes, these changes, as well as changes designed to update and
enhance our protective measures to address new threats, may increase the risk
of a system or process failure or the creation of a gap in our security
measures. Any such failure or gap could adversely affect our business
operations and the advancement of our business or strategic initiatives. 

 Business or asset acquisitions and
dispositions may expose us to certain risks.  The completion of any business or asset acquisition or
disposition is subject to certain risks, including those relating to the
receipt of required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of
regulatory approvals, the occurrence of any event, change or other
circumstances that could give rise to the termination of a transaction and the
risk that parties may not be willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a
transaction. As a result, there can be no assurance that any business or asset
acquisition or disposition will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or
regarding the expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or
disposition. Once we complete acquisitions or dispositions, there can be no
assurance that we will realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other
benefits of any transaction. For example, the integration of businesses we
acquire may not be as successful as we anticipate or there may be undisclosed
risks present in such businesses. Acquisitions involve a number of risks,
including operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, compliance and
tax risks. Difficulties integrating an acquired business may result in the
acquired business performing differently than we expected (including through
the loss of customers) or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related
efficiencies. Our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by
acquisitions. Risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In connection
with a business or asset disposition, we may also hold a concentrated position
in securities of the acquirer as part of the consideration, which subjects us
to risks related to the price of equity securities and our ability to monetize
such securities. 

 Indemnity claims could be made against us in
connection with divested businesses. 
  We have provided financial guarantees and
indemnities in connection with the businesses we have sold, as described in greater
detail in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. While we do not
currently believe that claims under these indemnities will be material, it is
possible that significant indemnity claims could be made against us. If such a
claim or claims were successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.  

 For
additional information on these financial guarantees and indemnities see Note
16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements .
 

 Significant legal proceedings may adversely
affect our results of operations or financial condition.  Like others in the insurance and financial services
industries in general, in the ordinary course of operating our businesses we
face significant risk from regulatory and governmental investigations and civil
actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution in various domestic
and foreign jurisdictions. In our insurance and reinsurance operations, we
frequently engage in litigation and arbitration concerning the scope of
coverage under insurance and reinsurance contracts, and face litigation and
arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or indemnify their insureds under
insurance contracts. AIG, our subsidiaries and their respective officers and
directors are also subject to a variety of additional types of legal disputes
brought by holders of AIG securities, customers, employees and others,
alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or fiduciary duties, bad
faith and violations of federal and state statutes and regulations. Certain of
these matters involve potentially significant risk of loss due to the
possibility of significant jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or
other penalties. Many of these matters are also highly complex and seek
recovery on behalf of a class or similarly large number of plaintiffs. It is
therefore inherently difficult to predict the size or scope of potential future
losses arising from them, and developments in these matters could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or consolidated
results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 For a
discussion of certain legal proceedings, including certain tax controversies, see
Notes 16 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our risk management policies and procedures
may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or
unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in
losses.  We have developed and continue
to develop enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to mitigate
risk and loss to which we are exposed. 

 There are,
however, inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may
exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately
anticipated or identified. If our risk management policies and procedures are
ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely
affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve,
our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes.
As a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may
present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. In
times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims
experience resulting from adverse mortality, morbidity or policyholder
behavior, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited,
resulting in losses to us. In addition, there can be no assurance that we can
effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will
follow our risk management policies and procedures. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            25 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 REGULATION 

 Our businesses
are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations,
increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our
profitability.   Our operations generally, and our insurance and reinsurance
subsidiaries, in particular, are subject to extensive and potentially
conflicting supervision and regulation by national authorities and by the
various jurisdictions in which we do business. Supervision and regulation
relate to numerous aspects of our business and financial condition. Federal,
state and foreign regulators also periodically review and investigate our
insurance and reinsurance businesses, including AIG-specific and industry-wide
practices. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our
insurance and reinsurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent
of domestic regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes which
delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state
insurance departments. In addition, federal and state securities laws and
regulations apply to certain of our insurance products that are considered
‘securities’ under such laws, including our variable annuity contracts, variable
life insurance policies and the separate accounts that issue them, as well as
our broker-dealer, investment advisor and mutual funds operations. These laws
and regulations generally grant regulatory agencies and self-regulatory organizations
broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to regulate the
issuance, sale and distribution of our products and limit or restrict the
conduct of business for failure to comply with applicable securities laws and
regulations.  

 We strive to
maintain all required licenses and approvals and to comply with applicable laws
and regulations. The application of and compliance with laws and regulations
applicable to our businesses, operations and legal entities are subject to
interpretation. The relevant authority may not agree with our interpretation of
these laws and regulations, capital and reserving requirements, and such authority’s
interpretation may also change from time to time. Regulatory authorities also
have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and
approvals. If we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not
comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could
preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our
activities or impose substantial fines. Further, insurance regulatory
authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision,
which permit them to supervise the business and operations of an insurance or
reinsurance company.  

 In the U.S., the
RBC formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory
surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. Every state has
adopted, in substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the NAIC or a
substantially similar law, which specifies the regulatory actions the insurance
regulator may take if an insurer’s RBC calculations fall below specific
thresholds. Those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan
describing how it would regain a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory
takeover of the company. The NAIC and certain international standard-setting
bodies are also considering methodologies for assessing group-wide regulatory
capital, which might evolve into more formal group-wide capital requirements on
certain insurance companies that may augment state-law RBC standards that apply
at the legal entity level, and such capital calculations may be made, in whole
or in part, on bases other than the statutory statements of our U.S. insurance
subsidiaries. We cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have on our
business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
 

 See “Actions
by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters could
result in substantial additional regulation to which we may be subject” below
for additional information on increased capital and other requirements that may
be imposed on us. 

 The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries
operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements
and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain
conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification and revocation. Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries
could be prevented from conducting future business in certain of the
jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single
country could adversely affect our business, consolidated results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of
the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 For further
discussion of our regulatory environment see Item 1. Business – Regulation. 

 Certain provisions of Dodd-Frank remain
relevant to insurance groups generally, including AIG.  The Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council)
rescinded our designation as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution (nonbank SIFI) on September 29, 2017, but the Council remains
authorized under Dodd-Frank to determine, subject to certain statutory and
regulatory standards, that certain nonbank financial companies be designated as
nonbank SIFIs subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System and enhanced prudential standards. The Council may also
recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or
heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that we and
other insurers or other nonbank financial services companies, including
insurers, engage in. Additionally, Dodd-Frank directs existing and newly
created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing
the law, which is an ongoing process. There remains considerable uncertainty as
to the potential adoption and timing of regulatory changes related to
Dodd-Frank. We cannot predict the requirements of the regulations that may be
ultimately adopted or the impact they may have on our businesses, consolidated
results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 


 


 

 26                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 See Item 1. Business – Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Dodd-Frank
for further discussion of provisions of Dodd-Frank that remain relevant to
insurance groups generally. 

 Actions by foreign governments, regulators and
international standard setters could result in substantial additional
regulation to which we may be subject.    We cannot predict the impact
laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions may have on the financial
markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. It is
possible such laws and regulations, our status as an Internationally Active
Insurance Group (IAIG) and certain standard-setting initiatives by the FSB and
the IAIS, including, but not limited to, the ongoing development of a holistic
framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk and a risk-based
global insurance capital standard (ICS), and implementation of Solvency II in
the European Union, may significantly alter our business practices. They may
also limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us
to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional
costs. It is possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign
jurisdictions will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent
with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions including the U.S. 

 For further
details on these international regulations and their potential impact on AIG
and its businesses, see Item 1. Business – Regulation – International
Regulation. 

 The USA PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign
Assets Control regulations and similar laws and regulations that apply to us
may expose us to significant penalties. 
The operations of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations,
including, in some cases, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which require companies
to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their
transactions for suspicious activities. Also, the Department of the Treasury’s
Office of Foreign Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons
to refrain from doing business, or allowing their clients to do business
through them, with certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list
maintained by the U.S. government or with certain countries. The UK, the EU and
other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. The laws and
regulations of other jurisdictions may sometimes conflict with those of the
U.S. Although we have instituted compliance programs to address these
requirements as well as potential conflicts of law, there are inherent risks in
global transactions. 

 Attempts to efficiently manage the impact of
Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline AXXX may fail in whole or in part
resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  The NAIC Model
Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees. In addition,  NAIC   Actuarial Guideline 38 (AG
38, also referred to as Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation
XXX as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees.  

 Our domestic
Life and Retirement companies manage the capital impact of statutory reserve
requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX through reinsurance
transactions, to maintain their ability to offer competitive pricing and
successfully market such products. The application of Regulation XXX and
Guideline AXXX involve numerous interpretations. If state insurance departments
do not agree with our interpretations or if regulations change with respect to our
ability to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements,
our statutory reserve requirements could increase, or our ability to take
reserve credit for reinsurance transactions could be reduced or eliminated. As
a result, we could be required to increase prices on our products, raise
capital to replace the reserve credit provided by the reinsurance transactions
or incur higher costs to obtain reinsurance, each of which could adversely
affect our competitive position, financial condition or results of operations.
If our actions to efficiently manage the impact of Regulation XXX or Guideline
AXXX on future sales of term and universal life insurance products are not
successful, we may incur higher operating costs or our sales of these products
may be affected.  

 For
additional information on statutory reserving requirements under Regulation XXX
and Guideline AXXX and our use of reinsurance see Note 19 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 Third parties we rely upon to provide certain
business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as
anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.  We
rely on the use of third-party providers to deliver contracted services in a
broad range of areas, including the administration or servicing of certain
policies and contracts and investment accounting and operation functions. Some
of these providers are located outside the U.S., which exposes us to business
disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of
the U.S. We periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of these relationships,
and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or
such third parties. If such third-party providers experience disruptions or do
not perform as anticipated or in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations, or we experience problems with a transition to a third-party
provider, we may experience operational difficulties, an inability to meet
obligations (including, but not limited to, legal, regulatory or policyholder
obligations), a loss of business and increased costs, reputational harm, or
suffer other negative consequences, all of which may have a material adverse
effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and
financial condition.    


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            27 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 For a discussion regarding cyber risk
arising from third-party providers, see “We are exposed to certain risks if we
are unable to maintain the availability of our electronic data systems and
safeguard the security of our data, which could compromise our ability to
conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or
results of operations” above. 

 New laws and regulations may affect our
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete
effectively.  Legislators, regulators and
self-regulatory organizations may periodically consider various proposals that
may affect our business practices and product designs, how we sell or service
certain products we offer, or the profitability of certain of our businesses.
New laws and regulations may even affect our ability to conduct certain
businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of
activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. These
proposals could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial
institutions and insurance companies (either based on size, activities,
geography or other criteria). It is uncertain whether and how these and other
such proposals would apply to us, those who sell or service our products, or
our competitors or how they could impact our ability to compete effectively, as
well as our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and
financial condition. 

 An “ownership change” could limit our ability
to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income.  As of December 31, 2018, on a tax basis, we had U.S.
federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $36.3 billion ,  $82 million in capital loss carryforwards,
$3.5 billion in foreign tax credits and $814 million in other tax credits (tax
loss and credit carryforwards). Our ability to use these tax attributes to
offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an
“ownership change” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code). In general, an ownership change will occur when
the percentage of AIG Parent's ownership (by value) of one or more “5-percent
shareholders” (as defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percent
over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the
prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences
an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its
pre-ownership change tax loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity
value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by
the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain
adjustments). The annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent
that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. The limitation on our
ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership
change under Section 382 would depend on the value of our equity at the time of
any ownership change. If we were to experience an “ownership change”, it is
possible that a significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards
could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable
income. 

 On March 9, 2011,
our Board adopted our Tax Asset Protection Plan (the Plan) to help protect
these tax loss and credit carryforwards, and on December 14, 2016, the Board
adopted an amendment to the Plan, extending its expiration date to December 14,
2019. Our shareholders ratified the amendment of the Plan at our 2017 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. At our 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
shareholders adopted a protective amendment to our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (Protective Amendment), which is designed to prevent certain
transfers of AIG Common Stock that could result in an “ownership change”. At
our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders approved the
amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to adopt a
successor to the Protective Amendment that contains substantially the same
terms as the Protective Amendment but would expire on June 28, 2020. 

 The Plan is
designed to reduce the likelihood of an “ownership change” by (i) discouraging
any person or group from becoming a 4.99 percent shareholder and (ii)
discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder from acquiring additional
shares of AIG Common Stock. The Protective Amendment generally restricts any
transfer of AIG Common Stock that would (i) increase the ownership by any
person to 4.99 percent or more of AIG stock then outstanding or (ii) increase
the percentage of AIG stock owned by a Five Percent Stockholder (as defined in
the Plan). Despite the intentions of the Plan and the Protective Amendment to
deter and prevent an “ownership change”, such an event may still occur. In
addition, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may make it more difficult and
more expensive to acquire us, and may discourage open market purchases of AIG
Common Stock or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for AIG Common Stock.
Accordingly, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may limit a shareholder’s
ability to realize a premium over the market price of AIG Common Stock in
connection with any stock transaction. 

 Changes
to tax laws, including U.S. legislation enacted in late 2017, could increase
our corporate taxes or make some of our products less attractive to consumers.  

 On December 22,
2017 President Trump signed major tax legislation into law (Public Law 115-97)
(the Tax Act). The Tax Act, known informally as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,
reduced the statutory rate of U.S. federal corporate income tax to 21 percent
and enacted numerous other changes impacting AIG and the insurance industry.  

 The reduction in
the statutory U.S. federal corporate income tax rate is expected to positively
impact AIG’s future U.S. after-tax earnings. Other changes in the Tax Act that
broaden the tax base by reducing or eliminating deductions for certain items
(e.g., reductions to separate account dividends received deductions, disallowance
of entertainment expenses, and limitations on the deduction of certain
executive compensation costs) will offset a portion of the benefits from the
lower statutory rate. Other specific  
 


 

 28                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 changes,
including the calculation of insurance tax reserves and the amortization of
deferred acquisition costs, will impact the timing of our tax expense items and
could impact the pricing of certain insurance products. 

 In addition to
changing the taxation of corporations in general and insurance companies in
particular, the Tax Act temporarily reduced certain tax rates for individuals
and increased the exemption for the federal estate tax. These changes could
reduce demand in the U.S. for life insurance and annuity contracts, which would
reduce our income due to lower sales of these products or potential increased surrenders
of in-force business. 

 Furthermore, the
overall impact of the Tax Act is subject to the effect of other complex provisions
in the Tax Act (including the base erosion and anti-abuse tax (BEAT) and global
intangible low-taxed income (GILTI)), which reduce a portion of the benefit
from the lower statutory U.S. federal rate. While the U.S. tax authorities
issued formal guidance and proposed regulations for BEAT and other provisions
of the Tax Act, there are still certain aspects of the Tax Act that remain
unclear. AIG will continue to review the impact of both BEAT and GILTI as
further guidance is issued. Any further guidance may result in changes to the
interpretations and assumptions we made and actions we may take, which as a
result may impact the amounts recorded with respect to international provisions
of the Tax Act, possibly materially. In addition, if BEAT induces other
countries to enact similar legislation that could impact cross-border
reinsurance transactions, AIG could be negatively impacted by increased tax
costs in those countries. 

 Finally, it is
possible that tax laws will be further changed either in a technical
corrections bill or entirely new legislation. It remains difficult to predict
whether or when there will be any tax law changes or further guidance by the
authorities in the U.S. or elsewhere in the world having a material adverse
effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and
financial condition, as the impact of broad proposals on our business can vary
substantially depending upon the specific changes or further guidance made and
how the changes or guidance are implemented by the authorities. 

 For
additional information see Item 7. MD&A – Consolidated Results of
Operations – U.S. Tax Reform Overview. 

 COMPETITION and employees 

 We face intense competition in each of our
businesses.  Our businesses operate in
highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal
competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as
banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. The insurance
industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., our General
Insurance companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations.
Our Life and Retirement companies compete in the U.S. with life insurance
companies and other participants in related financial services fields.
Overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance
operations of large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local
companies. Technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry
may present competitive risks; technological advancements and innovation are occurring
in distribution, underwriting, claims and operations and at a pace that may
increase, particularly as companies increasingly use data analytics and
technology as part of their business strategy. Our business and results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected if technological
advancements or innovation limit our ability to retain existing business, write
new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, render our insurance
products less suitable or impact our ability to adapt or deploy current
products as quickly and effectively as our competitors. 

 Reductions of
our credit ratings or negative publicity may make it more difficult to compete
to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business
with existing customers and counterparties. General Insurance companies and
Life and Retirement companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance
criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services
companies compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed
benefits. A decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors
could adversely affect our profitability. 

 Competition for employees in our industry is
intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people
we need to support our business.  Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with
demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. In
addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and
difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic
actions and organizational and operational changes. Losing any of our key
people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their
skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential
difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. Our business
and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected
if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees. 

 Managing key employee succession and
retention is critical to our success.  We
would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of
our senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans
and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our
succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot
guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to
us. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            29 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Employee error
and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in
significant losses.  There have been a number of cases involving fraud or other
misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years and
we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. Instances of fraud,
illegal acts, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain
proper internal authorization, misuse of customer or proprietary information,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or our internal policies may
result in losses and/or reputational damage. It is not always possible to deter
or prevent employee misconduct, and the controls that we have in place to
prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

 We may not be able to protect our
intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.  We rely on a combination of
contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to
establish and protect our intellectual property. Although we use a broad range
of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may
infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. We may have to litigate
to enforce and protect our intellectual property and to determine its scope,
validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and may
not prove successful. Litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
may not be successful and cost a significant amount of money. The inability to
secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm
our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our
ability to compete. We also may be subject to costly litigation in the event
that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon their
intellectual property rights, including patent rights, or violate license usage
rights. Any such intellectual property claims and any resulting litigation
could result in significant expense and liability for damages, and in some
circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services
to our customers, or utilizing and benefiting from certain patent, copyrights,
trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to
enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of
operations and financial condition. 

 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

 Estimates used in the preparation of
financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business
may differ materially from actual experience.    Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which requires the
application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of
judgment.  The accounting policies that we consider most dependent on the
application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as
critical accounting estimates, are described in Item 7. MD&A — Critical
Accounting Estimates.  These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation.
These estimates are based on judgment, current facts and circumstances, and,
when applicable, internally developed models. Therefore, actual results could
differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In addition, we
employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets, as well
as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses. These
models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use
incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate
properly. As our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number and
complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to error in
the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input
data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to mitigate
their risk may not be effective in all cases. 

 Changes in accounting principles and
financial reporting requirements could impact our consolidated results of
operations and financial condition.  Our financial statements are subject to the application of U.S.
GAAP, which is periodically revised. Accordingly, from time to time, we are
required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized
authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB).  

 The
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued International
Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 17, Insurance Contracts, with an effective
date of January 1, 2021. This new standard will require significant changes to
accounting measurements for long-duration insurance contracts for many of our
international operations.  

 The
FASB has revised the accounting standards for insurance contracts. The FASB
adopted standards as of December 31, 2017 focused on disclosures for
short-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relate to our property
casualty products. In addition, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2018-12 – Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration
Contracts, which has an effective date of January 1, 2021 and is intended to
improve, simplify and enhance the accounting measurements and disclosures for
long-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relates to our life and
annuity products. Changes to the manner in which we account for long-duration
products could impact our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial
condition.  

 The
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 – Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments, which has an effective date of January 1, 2020. This standard will
change how we account for credit losses for most financial assets, trade
receivables and reinsurance receivables. The standard will replace the existing
incurred loss impairment model with a new “current expected credit loss model”
that generally will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. The
standard will apply to financial assets subject to credit  
 


 

 30                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 losses,
including loans measured at amortized cost, reinsurance receivables and certain
off-balance sheet credit exposures. Additionally, the impairment of
available-for-sale debt securities, including purchased credit deteriorated
securities, are subject to the new guidance and will be measured in a similar
manner, except that losses will be recognized as allowances rather than
reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. The standard will impact
our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition and
will require additional information to be disclosed in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.      

 The
adoption of the newly issued standards as well as other future accounting
standards could impact our reported consolidated results of operations,
liquidity and reported financial condition.  

 For
a discussion of the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued
but are not yet required to be implemented see Note 2 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 Changes in our assumptions regarding the
discount rate and expected rate of return for our pension and other
postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our
profitability.    We determine our pension and other
postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected
rates of return on plan assets  and trends in
health care costs. Changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a
sustained low interest rate environment or rapidly rising interest rates, may
result in increased expenses which could impact our consolidated results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition.  

 For further
details on our pension and postretirement benefit plans see Note 21 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 If our businesses do not perform
well and/or their estimated fair values decline or the price of our common
stock does not increase, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our
goodwill or to establish a valuation allowance against the deferred income tax
assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition .    Goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we
paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their
net assets at the date of acquisition. We test goodwill at least annually for
impairment. Impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair
value of the “reporting unit” to which the goodwill relates. The fair value of
the reporting unit is impacted by the performance of the business and could be
adversely impacted if new business, customer retention, profitability or other
drivers of performance differ from expectations, or upon the occurrence of
certain events, including a significant and adverse change in regulations,
legal factors, accounting standards or business climate, or an adverse action
or assessment by a regulator. If it is determined that goodwill has been
impaired, we must write down goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a
corresponding charge to net income (loss).  These write downs could have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial
condition.    For further discussion
regarding goodwill impairment, see Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting
Estimates – Impairment Charges – Goodwill Impairment and Note 12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of
the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred
tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine if they are
realizable. The performance of the business, including the ability to generate
future taxable income from a variety of sources and planning strategies, is
factored into management’s determination. If, based on available evidence, it
is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized, then
a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to net
income. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on  our consolidated results
of operations, liquidity and financial condition .    For further discussion regarding
deferred tax assets, see Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates –
Income Taxes and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



 
  



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            31 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

   


 
 ITEM 1B |  Unresolved Staff Comments 

 There are no material unresolved written comments that were
received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal
year relating to periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

   

 ITEM 2 |  Properties 

 We operate from approximately 166 offices in the United
States and approximately 351 offices in approximately 56 foreign countries. The
following offices are located in buildings in the United States owned by us: 

 
  
   
   General Insurance Companies: 
   •     
    Stevens Point,
  Wisconsin 
   
  
   Life and Retirement Companies: 
   •     
    Amarillo and Houston,
  Texas 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations: 
   •     
    175 Water Street in
  New York, New York (Corporate Headquarters; also includes General Insurance
  companies) 
   •     
    Livingston, New
  Jersey 
   •     
    Ft. Worth, Texas 
   
  
 



 In
addition, our General Insurance companies own offices in 13 foreign countries
and jurisdictions including Bermuda, Ecuador, Japan, Mexico, the UK and
Venezuela. The remainder of the office space we use is leased.  We believe that
our leases and properties are sufficient for our current purposes. 

 LOCATIONS OF CERTAIN ASSETS 

 As of December
31, 2018, approximately 15 percent of our consolidated assets were located
outside the U.S. and Canada, including $413 million of cash and securities
on deposit with regulatory authorities in those locations.  

 For
additional geographic information see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

 For total
carrying values of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries
under requirements of regulatory authorities see Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.   

 Operations
outside the U.S. and Canada and assets held abroad may be adversely affected by
political developments in foreign countries, including tax changes,
nationalization and changes in regulatory policy, as well as by consequence of
hostilities and unrest. The risks of such occurrences and their overall effect
upon us vary from country to country and cannot be predicted. If expropriation
or nationalization does occur, our policy is to take all appropriate measures
to seek recovery of any affected assets. Certain of the countries in which our
business is conducted have currency restrictions that generally cause a delay
in a company’s ability to repatriate assets and profits.  

 For
additional information see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and
Operations. 

   

 ITEM 3 |  Legal Proceedings 

 For a discussion of legal proceedings see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 ITEM 4 |  Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 32                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Part II 

 


 ITEM 5 |  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 AIG’s common stock, par value $2.50 per share
(AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG). On
December 3, 2018, AIG’s Common Stock was voluntarily delisted from the Tokyo
Stock Exchange. There were approximately  24,334 stockholders of record of AIG
Common Stock as of February 11, 2019.  

 

 Equity Compensation Plans 

 


 Our table of
equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The definitive proxy statement
will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal
year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 

 Purchases of Equity Securities 

 


 The following table provides information about purchases made by
or on behalf of AIG or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule
10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)) of
AIG Common Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2018: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total
  Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
   Total Number
  of Shares 
   
  
   Approximate
  Dollar Value of Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of
  Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Price
  Paid 
   
  
   Purchased
  as Part of Publicly  
   
  
   that
  May Yet Be Purchased Under the 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   per
  Share 
   
  
   Announced
  Plans or Programs 
   
  
   Plans
  or Programs (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   October 1 – 31 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,262 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 1 – 30 (a) 
   
  
   11,563,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.99 
   
  
   11,563,973 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   762 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
 
   
   December 1 – 31 (a) 
   
  
   6,510,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.07 
   
  
   6,510,320 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   18,074,293 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41.22 
   
  
   18,074,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a) 
During the November 1-30 period, we also repurchased 343,293 warrants to purchase
shares of AIG Common Stock, at an average purchase price per warrant of $8.21,
for an aggregate purchase price of $3 million. During the December 1-31 period,
we also repurchased 406,162 warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, at
an average purchase price per warrant of $5.22, for an aggregate purchase price
of $2 million.   

 (b) 
Reflects the purchase of 343,293 and 406,162 warrants to purchase shares of AIG
Common Stock in the November 1-30 and December 1-31 periods, respectively,
which reduced the dollar value of the remaining repurchase authorization. 

 Our
Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock
and warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an increase of $2.5
billion to the share repurchase authorization.  

 During the
three-month period ended December 31, 2018 we purchased approximately 18
million shares of AIG Common Stock under this authorization for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $745 million. We also repurchased 749,455
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock during the three-month period
ended December 31, 2018 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $5
million. 

 On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to its previous
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $1.5 billion, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.0 billion. We
did not repurchase any shares of AIG Common Stock from January 1, 2019 to
February 13, 2019. Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open
market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase
or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the
purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from
time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The
timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our
business and strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity and other factors. 

 For
additional information on our share purchases see Note 17 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.    

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            33 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Common Stock Performance Graph 

 


 The following
Performance Graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on AIG
Common Stock for a five-year period (December 31, 2013 to
December 31, 2018) with the cumulative total return of the S&P’s 500
stock index (which includes AIG), the S&P Property and Casualty Insurance
Index (S&P P&C Index) and the S&P Life and Health Insurance Index
(S&P L&H Index).   

 Value of $100 Invested on December 31, 2013 

 (All $ as of December 31st) 

   

 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


 


 Dividend
reinvestment has been assumed and returns have been weighted to reflect
relative stock market capitalization. 

   

 
  
   
      
   
  
   As of
  December 31,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110.74 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124.67 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84.64 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   115.26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129.05 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   157.22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150.33 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Property & Casualty Insurance Index 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   115.74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   126.77 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146.68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   179.52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171.10 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Life & Health Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101.95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95.51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   119.26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138.85 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110.01 
   
  
 










 
 


 

 34                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 ITEM 6 |  Selected Financial Data    

 The Selected Consolidated Financial Data
should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere herein.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,791 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,754 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,386 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,302 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,132 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing operations
  attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      common shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            35 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 

 
  
   
   Year-end
  balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   314,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   515,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,136 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   434,675 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406,632 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   408,228 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book value per common share, excluding Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         comprehensive income (loss) (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   66.67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted book value per common share (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   54.95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted ROE (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Catastrophe-related losses (b)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   728 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjustment to federal deferred tax valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net positive (negative) adjustment from update of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Book
value per common share excluding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(AOCI) ,  Book value per common share excluding AOCI and DTA ( Adjusted book value per common share) , and return on equity – adjusted after-tax income
excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted return on equity)  are non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to
the relevant GAAP financial measures are below.  For additional information
see Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures .   

 (b)  Natural
and man-made catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having
a net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain
man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10
million threshold. 

 

 Items Affecting Comparability Between Periods 

 


 The following
are significant developments that affected multiple periods and financial
statement captions. 

 business acquisition 

 On July 18,
2018, we completed the purchase of Validus. 

 Asset Dispositions in 2015, 2016 and 2017  

 In 2015, we sold
all of our ordinary shares of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) received as part of
the consideration for the sale of International Lease Finance Corporation
(ILFC). In 2016, we sold United Guaranty to Arch Capital Group Ltd. (Arch).  In
2017, we sold Fuji Life to FWD Group and certain international insurance
operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax).  

 For further
discussion on the 2016 and 2017 asset dispositions and the 2018 purchase of
Validus, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 


 

 36                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Included
in Selected Financial Data 

 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of Book value per
common share to Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and Book value per
common share, excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted book value per common share),
which are non-GAAP measures.  For additional information see Item 7.
MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   At
  December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per
  share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders'
  equity, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,281 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,158 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,621 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,123 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   866,609,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   899,044,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common
  share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65.04 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common
  share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.67 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted book value per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
 



 The following table presents a reconciliation of Return on equity
to Adjusted return on equity, which is a non-GAAP measure.   For additional
information see Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted after-tax income
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,872 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,941 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG Shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105,589 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,675 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,722 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,598 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,781 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG Shareholders'
  equity, excluding average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,626 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67,673 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   93,960 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95,808 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,806 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,803 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average adjusted Shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,197 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Return on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 










 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            37 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE  OF
CONTENTS   

   


 
 ITEM 7 |  Management’s    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations    

 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

 


 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other publicly
available documents may include, and officers and representatives of AIG may
from time to time make and discuss, projections, goals, assumptions and
statements that may constitute “forward‑looking statements” within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but
instead represent only a belief regarding future events, many of which, by
their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by,
followed by or including words such as “will,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “focused on achieving,” “view,” “target,” “goal” or
“estimate.” These projections, goals, assumptions and statements may relate to
future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results
of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the
outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational,
business or regulatory changes, anticipated sales, monetization and/or
acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired
businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends
in operations and financial results.  

 It is possible
that our actual results and financial condition will differ, possibly
materially, from the results and financial condition indicated in these
projections, goals, assumptions and statements. Factors that could cause our
actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific
projections, goals, assumptions and statements include: 

 
  
   
   •        changes in market and industry
  conditions; 
   •        the occurrence of catastrophic events,
  both natural and man-made; 
   •        our ability to successfully reorganize
  our businesses and execute on our initiatives to improve our underwriting
  capabilities and reinsurance programs, as well as improve profitability,
  without negatively impacting client relationships or our competitive
  position; 
   •        our ability to successfully dispose of,
  monetize and/or acquire businesses or assets or successfully integrate
  acquired businesses; 
   •        actions by credit rating agencies;  
   •        changes in judgments concerning insurance
  underwriting and insurance liabilities; 
   •        changes in judgments concerning potential
  cost saving opportunities; 
   •        the impact of potential information
  technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches, including as a result of
  cyber-attacks or security vulnerabilities; 
   
  
   •        disruptions in the availability of our
  electronic data systems or those of third parties; 
   •        the effectiveness of our strategies to
  recruit and retain key personnel and our ability to implement effective
  succession plans; 
   •        negative impacts on customers, business
  partners and other stakeholders; 
   •        our ability to successfully manage Legacy
  portfolios; 
   •        concentrations in our investment
  portfolios; 
   •        the requirements, which may change from
  time to time, of the global regulatory framework to which we are subject; 
   •        significant legal, regulatory or
  governmental proceedings; 
   •        changes in judgments concerning the
  recognition of deferred tax assets and goodwill impairment; and 
   •        such other factors discussed in: 
   –   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report; and 
   –   this Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual
  Report. 
   
  
 



 We
are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update
or alter any projections, goals, assumptions or other statements, whether
written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. 

    



 
  




 


 

 38                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Index to Item 7 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   INDEX TO ITEM 7 
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Critical
  Accounting Estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Executive Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Financial Performance Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   AIG's
  Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
   Business
  Segment Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations    
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Highlights 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  and Capital Resources 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
 
   
   Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   Credit
  Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   Contractual
  Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial
  Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
   Debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
 
   
   Financial Strength Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
 
   
   Regulation
  and Supervision 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Dividend Restrictions 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Governance Structure 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Risk
  Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   Market
  Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   Operational
  Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance Risk s 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
   Other Business Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   Glossary 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
 
   
   Acronyms 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 



 Throughout the
MD&A, we use certain terms and abbreviations, which are summarized in the
Glossary and Acronyms. 

 We have
incorporated into this discussion a number of cross-references to additional
information included throughout this Annual Report to assist readers seeking
additional information related to a particular subject. 



 
  



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            39 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

   


 
 

 

 Use of Non-GAAP Measures   

 


 In Item 1. Business, Item 6. Selected Financial Data and
throughout this MD&A, we present our financial condition and results of
operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative of
our business results. Some of the measurements we use are “non‑GAAP
financial measures” under Securities and Exchange Commission rules and
regulations. GAAP is the acronym for “generally accepted accounting principles”
in the United States. The non‑GAAP financial measures we present may not
be comparable to similarly‑named measures reported by other companies. 

 Book value per common share, excluding
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and Book value per common share,
excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA) (Adjusted book value per common
share)  are used to show the amount of
our net worth on a per-share basis. We believe these measures are useful to
investors because they eliminate items that can fluctuate significantly from
period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale
securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax
attribute deferred tax assets. These measures also eliminate the asymmetrical
impact resulting from changes in fair value of our available for sale
securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain
related insurance liabilities. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S.
tax attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax
credits as they have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are
estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating
loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA
utilized is included in these book value per common share metrics. Book value
per common share excluding AOCI, is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’
equity, excluding AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value
per common share is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity,
excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares
outstanding. The reconciliation to book value per common share, the most
comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

 Return
on equity – Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted return
on equity)  is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. We believe this measure is useful to investors
because it eliminates items that can fluctuate significantly from period to
period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities
portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute
deferred tax assets. This measure also eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting
from changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio
wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance
liabilities. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S. tax attributes
related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they
have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on
projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA
utilized is included in Adjusted return on equity. Adjusted return on equity is
derived by dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable
to AIG by average Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity. The reconciliation to return
on equity, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected
Financial Data. 

 Adjusted after-tax income
attributable to AIG  is
derived by excluding the tax effected adjusted pre-tax income (APTI)
adjustments described below and the following tax items from net income
attributable to AIG: 

 •     
  deferred income tax valuation allowance
releases and charges;  

 •     
  changes in uncertain tax positions and
other tax items related to legacy matters having no relevance to our current
businesses or operating performance; and 

 •     
  net tax charge related to the enactment
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). 

 We
use the following operating performance measures because we believe they
enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of continuing
operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also allow for
more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we use these
measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are provided on a
consolidated basis in the Consolidated Results of Operations section of this
MD&A. 

 Adjusted revenues  exclude Net
realized capital gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation
settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes) and changes in fair
value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in Net
investment income for GAAP purposes). Adjusted revenues is a GAAP measure for
our operating segments. 


 


 

 40                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

   


 
 Adjusted
pre-tax income  is derived by excluding the
items set forth below from income from continuing operations before income tax.
This definition is consistent across our segments. These items generally fall
into one or more of the following broad categories: legacy matters having no
relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; adjustments to
enhance transparency to the underlying economics of transactions; and measures
that we believe to be common to the industry. APTI is a GAAP measure for our
segments. Excluded items include the following: 

 
  
   
   •     
    changes in fair value of securities
  used to hedge guaranteed living benefits; 
   •     
    changes in benefit reserves and
  deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of business acquired (VOBA),
  and sales inducement assets (SIA) related to net realized capital gains and
  losses; 
   •     
    loss (gain) on extinguishment of
  debt; 
   •     
    all net realized capital gains and losses
  except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement
  accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic)
  hedging or for asset replication. Earned income on such economic hedges
  is reclassified from net realized capital gains and losses to specific APTI
  line items based on the economic risk being hedged (e.g. net investment
  income and interest credited to policyholder account balances);  
   
  
   •     
    income or loss from discontinued
  operations; 
   •     
    net loss reserve discount benefit
  (charge); 
   •     
    pension expense related to a one-time
  lump sum payment to former employees; 
   •     
    income and loss from divested
  businesses;  
   •     
    non-operating litigation reserves and
  settlements; 
   •     
    restructuring and other costs related
  to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and
  simplify our organization;  
   •     
    the portion of favorable or
  unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk
  under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization
  of the deferred gain; and 
   •     
    integration and transaction costs
  associated with acquired businesses. 
   
  
 



 ·          General Insurance 

 –    Ratios:    We, along with most property and casualty insurance companies, use
the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as measures of
underwriting performance. These ratios are relative measurements that describe,
for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and loss adjustment
expenses (which for General Insurance excludes net loss reserve discount), and
the amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred. A combined
ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio of
over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. Our ratios are calculated using the
relevant segment information calculated under GAAP, and thus may not be
comparable to similar ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes. The
underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the
degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition,
investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and
competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as
reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios. 

 –    Accident year loss and
combined ratios, as adjusted:    both the
accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses
and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments,
and the impact of reserve discounting. Natural and man-made catastrophe losses
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each and also include certain man-made events, such as
terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10 million threshold. We believe
that as adjusted ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting results on
an ongoing basis as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of reserve
discounting which are outside of management’s control. We also exclude prior
year development to provide transparency related to current accident year
results . 

 ·          Life and Retirement 

 –   
  Premiums
and deposits:  includes
direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance
policies, group benefit policies and life‑contingent payout annuities, as
well as deposits received on universal life, investment‑type annuity
contracts, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) funding agreements and mutual funds. 

 Results
from discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            41 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Critical Acco unting
Estimates 

 


 The preparation
of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of
accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. 

 
  
   
   The accounting policies
  that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and
  assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the
  determination of: 
   
  
 
   
   ·      
    loss reserves; 
   ·      
    reinsurance assets; 
   ·      
    valuation of future
  policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition; 
   ·      
    valuation of
  liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity products; 
   ·      
    valuation of embedded
  derivatives for fixed index annuity and life products; 
   ·      
    estimated gross
  profits to value deferred acquisition costs for investment-oriented products; 
   ·      
    impairment charges,
  including other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale securities,
  impairments on other invested assets, including investments in life
  settlements, and goodwill impairment; 
   ·         allowances for loan losses; 
   ·      
    liability for legal
  contingencies; 
   ·      
    fair value
  measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities; and 
   ·      
    income tax assets and liabilities,
  including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset and the predictability
  of future tax operating profitability of the character necessary to realize
  the net deferred tax asset and estimates associated with the Tax Act. 
   
  
 



 These
accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of
which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual
experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.  

 Insurance Liabilities 

 Loss Reserves 

 The estimate of the loss reserves relies on several key
judgments:  

 ·       
  the determination of
the actuarial models used as the basis for these estimates;   

 ·       
  the relative weights
given to these models by product line; 

 ·       
  the underlying
assumptions used in these models; and  

 ·       
  the determination of
the appropriate groupings of similar product lines and, in some cases, the
disaggregation of dissimilar losses within a product line.  

 We
use numerous assumptions in determining the best estimate of reserves for each
line of business. The importance of any specific assumption can vary by both
line of business and accident year. Because actual experience can differ from
key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there is potential for
significant variation in the development of loss reserves. This is particularly
true for long-tail classes of business.  

 All of our
methods to calculate net reserves include assumptions about estimated
reinsurance recoveries and their collectability. Reinsurance collectability is
evaluated independently of the reserving process and appropriate allowances for
uncollectible reinsurance are established. 

 


 

 42                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Overview of Loss
Reserving Process and Methods 

 


 Our loss
reserves can generally be categorized into two distinct groups. Short-tail reserves
consists principally of U.S. Property and Special Risks, Europe Property and
Special Risks, U.S. Personal Insurance, and Europe and Japan Personal
Insurance. Long-tail reserves include U.S. Workers’ Compensation, U.S. Excess
Casualty, U.S. Other Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines, Europe Casualty and
Financial Lines, and U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance Lines.   

 

 Short-Tail Reserves 

 


 For our short-tail coverages, 
such as property, where the nature of claims is generally high frequency with
short reporting periods, with volatility arising from occasional severe events,
the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves is geared
toward maintaining IBNR based on percentages of net earned premiums for that
business, rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios based on reported losses.
For example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a product
line such as homeowners might be approximately 20 percent of the quarter’s
earned premiums. This level of reserve would generally be recorded regardless
of the actual losses reported in the current quarter, thus recognizing severe
events as they occur. The percent of premium factor reflects both our
expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with the line of business and
the expectation of the percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been
reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs generally reflect the average loss
costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that have been adjusted for
changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business, known exposure to
unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular line of business.
The expected percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been reported
would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. For more mature
quarters, specific loss development methods would be used to determine the
IBNR. For other product lines where the nature of claims is high frequency but
low severity, methods including loss development, frequency/severity or a
multiple of average monthly losses may be used to determine IBNR reserves. IBNR
for claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would
be determined in close collaboration with the claims department’s knowledge of
known information, using alternative techniques or expected percentages of
ultimate loss cost emergence based on historical loss emergence of similar
claim types. 

 

 Long-Tail Reserves 

 


 Estimation of
ultimate net losses and loss adjustment expenses (net losses) for our long-tail
casualty lines of business  is a complex
process and depends on a number of factors, including the product line and
volume of business, as well as estimates of  reinsurance recoveries. Experience
in the more recent accident years generally provides limited statistical
credibility of reported net losses on long-tail casualty lines of business.
That is because in the more recent accident years, a relatively low proportion
of estimated ultimate net incurred losses are reported or paid. Therefore, IBNR
reserves constitute a relatively high proportion of net losses. 

 
  
   
   For our longer-tail lines, we generally
  make actuarial and other assumptions with respect to the following: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    Loss cost trend
  factors  are used to establish expected
  loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected loss ratios
  for prior accident years. 
   ·           
    Expected loss ratios  are used for the latest accident year (i.e., accident
  year 2018 for the year-end 2018 loss reserve analysis) and, in some cases for
  accident years prior to the latest accident year. The expected loss ratio
  generally reflects the projected loss ratio from prior accident years,
  adjusted for the loss cost trend and the effect of rate changes and other
  quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. For low-frequency, high-severity lines
  of business such as excess casualty, expected loss ratios generally are used
  for at least the three most recent accident years. 
   ·           
    Loss development
  factors  are used to project the reported
  losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. Generally, the actual
  loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be used as
  a basis to determine the loss development factors for the subsequent accident
  years. 
   ·           
    Tail factors are
  development factors  used  for certain longer tailed lines of business (for example,
  excess casualty, workers’ compensation and general liability),to project
  future loss development for periods that extend beyond the available
  development data.  The development of losses to the ultimate loss for a given
  accident year for these lines may take decades and the projection of ultimate
  losses for  an accident year is very
  sensitive to the tail factors selected beyond a certain age . 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              43 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 We record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each product line of
business.  The overall change in our loss
reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all product lines of business.
For most long-tail product lines of business, the quarterly loss reserve
changes are based on the estimated current loss ratio for each subset of
coverage less any amounts paid. Also, any change in estimated ultimate losses
from prior accident years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our
latest detailed valuation reviews, large loss analyses, or other analytical
techniques, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss reserve and
incurred losses for the current quarter .  Differences between actual loss emergence in a given
period and our expectations based on prior loss reserve estimates are used to
monitor reserve adequacy between detailed valuation reviews and may also
influence our judgment with respect to adjusting reserve estimates. 

 

 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 

 


 The process of determining the current loss ratio
for each product line of business is based on a variety of factors.  These include considerations such as: prior accident year
and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage,
reinsurance, or mix of business. Other considerations include actual and
anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs,
inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration or in the legal and claims
environment. The current loss ratio for each product line of business is
intended to represent our best estimate after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions and data underlying the
loss ratios are reviewed to determine whether the loss ratios remain
appropriate. This process includes a review of the actual loss experience in
the quarter, actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in reinsurance,
quantifiable changes in coverage or mix of business, and changes in other
factors that may affect the loss ratio. When this review suggests that the
previously determined loss ratio is no longer appropriate, the loss ratio is
changed to reflect the revised estimates. 

 We conduct a comprehensive loss detailed valuation review
at least annually for each product line of business in accordance with
Actuarial Standards of Practice.    These standards provide that
the unpaid loss estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a point
estimate, a range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected value of
several reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the unpaid loss
amount. Our actuarial best estimate for each product line of business
represents an expected value generally considering a range of reasonably
possible outcomes. 

 The reserve
analysis for each product line of business is performed by a credentialed
actuarial team in collaboration with claims, underwriting, business unit
management, risk management and senior management. Our actuaries consider the
ongoing applicability of prior data groupings and update numerous assumptions,
including the analysis and selection of loss development and loss trend
factors. They also determine and select the appropriate actuarial or other
methods used to estimate reserve adequacy for each business product line, and
may employ multiple methods and assumptions for each product line. These data
groupings, accident year weights, method selections and assumptions necessarily
change over time as business mix changes, development factors mature and become
more credible and loss characteristics evolve. In the course of these detailed
valuation reviews an actuarial best estimate of the loss reserve is determined.
The sum of these estimates for each product line of business yields an overall
actuarial best estimate for that line of business.  

 For certain
product lines, we measure sensitivities and determine explicit ranges around
the actuarial best estimate using multiple methodologies and varying
assumptions. Where we have ranges, we use them to inform our selection of best
estimates of loss reserves by major product line of business. Our range of
reasonable estimates is not intended to cover all possibilities or extreme
values and is based on known data and facts at the time of estimation. 

 We consult with
third party environmental litigation and engineering specialists, third party
toxic tort claims professionals, third party clinical and public health
specialists, third party workers’ compensation claims adjusters and third party
actuarial advisors to help inform our judgments, as needed.   

 A critical
component of our detailed valuation reviews is an internal peer review of our reserving
analyses and conclusions, where actuaries independent of the initial review evaluate
the reasonableness of assumptions used, methods selected and weightings given
to different methods.  In addition, each detailed valuation review is subjected
to a review and challenge process by specialists in our Enterprise Risk
Management group. 


 


 

 44                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 

 
  
   
   We consider key
  factors in performing detailed actuarial reviews, including: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    an assessment of economic
  conditions including inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration; 
   ·           
    changes in the legal,
  regulatory, judicial and social environment including changes in road safety,
  public health and cleanup standards; 
   ·           
    changes in medical cost
  trends (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage
  inflation trends; 
   ·           
    underlying policy
  pricing, terms and conditions including attachment points and policy limits;  
   ·           
    changes in claims
  handling philosophy, operating model, processes and related ongoing
  enhancements;  
   ·           
    third-party claims
  reviews that are periodically performed for key product lines such as toxic
  tort, environmental and other complex casualty; 
   ·           
    third-party actuarial
  reviews that are periodically performed for key product lines of business; 
   ·           
    input from underwriters
  on pricing, terms, and conditions and market trends; and 
   ·           
    changes in our
  reinsurance program, pricing and commutations. 
   
  
 



 Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Lines of Business 

 Our actuaries determine the appropriate actuarial
methods and segmentation.  This
determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the
losses associated with the product line of business, such as the frequency or
severity of the claims. In addition to determining the actuarial methods, the
actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. This
determination is a judgmental, dynamic process and refinements to the groupings
are made every year. The changes to groupings may be driven by and may change
to reflect observed or emerging patterns within and across product lines, or to
differentiate different risk characteristics (for example, size of deductibles
and extent of third party claims specialists used by our insureds). As an
example of reserve segmentation, we write many unique subsets of professional
liability, which cover different products, industry segments, and coverage structures.
While for pricing or other purposes, it may be appropriate to evaluate the
profitability of each subset individually, we believe it is appropriate to
combine the subsets into larger groups for reserving purposes to produce a
greater degree of credibility in the loss experience. This determination of
data segmentation and related actuarial methods is assessed, reviewed and
updated at least annually. 

 The actuarial methods we use most commonly include
paid and incurred loss development methods, expected loss ratio methods,
including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” and “Cape Cod”, and frequency/severity models.  Loss development methods utilize the actual loss
development patterns from prior accident years updated through the current year
to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis for all accident years. We
also use this information to update our current accident year loss selections.
Loss development methods are generally most appropriate for classes of business
that exhibit a stable pattern of loss development from one accident year
to the next, and for which the components of the product line have similar
development characteristics. For example, property exposures would generally
not be combined into the same product line as casualty exposures, and primary
casualty exposures would generally not be combined into the same product line
as excess casualty exposures. We continually refine our loss reserving
techniques and adopt further segmentations based on our analysis of differing
emerging loss patterns for certain product lines. We generally use expected
loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data lacked sufficient
credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for new product lines
of business or for long-tail product lines at early stages of loss development. 
Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency counts are
available to apply such approaches. 

 Expected loss ratio methods rely on the application
of an expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the product line of business
to determine the liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses.  For example, an expected loss ratio of 70 percent
applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a product line of
business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million.
Subtracting any paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the
indicated loss reserve for this product line. Under the Bornhuetter Ferguson
methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported
portion of the losses. For example, for a long-tail product line of business
for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to be reported at the
end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be used to represent
the 90 percent of losses still unreported. The actual reported losses at
the end of the accident year would be added to determine the total ultimate
loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting the reported paid losses and
loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss reserve. In the
example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would be multiplied
by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent would be applied to the
earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated unreported loss of
$6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be added to arrive at the total
ultimate losses. If the reported losses were $1 million, the ultimate loss
estimate under the Bornhuetter Ferguson method would be $7.3 million
versus the $7 million amount under the expected loss ratio method
described above. Thus, the Bornhuetter Ferguson method gives partial
credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the product line of
business. Loss development methods generally give full credibility to the
reported loss experience to date. In the example above, loss development
methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million,
as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only
10 percent of the ultimate losses. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              45 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 A key advantage of loss development methods is that they
respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the product line
of business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or
improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing
experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the
change, as they would continue to give more weight to a prior expected loss
ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to
reflect the changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss development methods
have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss
experience is anomalous due to the various key factors described above and the
inherent volatility in some of the classes. For example, the presence or
absence of large losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the
loss development method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience
by assuming it is a fundamental shift in the development pattern. In these
instances, expected loss ratio methods such as Bornhuetter Ferguson have the
advantage of recognizing large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss
activity onto the unreported portion of the losses for the accident year.  

 The Cape Cod
method is a hybrid between the loss development and Bornhuetter Ferguson
methods, where the historic loss data and loss development factor assumptions
are used to determine the expected loss ratio estimate in the Bornhuetter
Ferguson method.  

 Frequency/severity methods generally rely on the
determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each
claim for each accident year.  Multiplying
the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected
average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the
accident year. Frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume
of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. Average severity
for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated
annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior
accident years. In certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to
predict the ultimate loss cost. Frequency/severity methods have the advantage
that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and
accurately than can ultimate losses. Thus, if the average claim severity can be
accurately estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss
experience than other methods. However, for average severity to be predictable,
the product line of business must consist of homogenous types of claims for
which loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent
and where there are limited changes to deductible levels or limits. Generally
these methods work best for high frequency, low severity product lines of
business such as personal auto. However, frequency and severity metrics are
also used to test the reasonability of results for other product lines of
business and provide indications of underlying trends in the data. In addition,
ultimate claim counts can be used as an alternative exposure measure to earned
premiums in the Cape Cod method. 

 Structural driver analytics seek to explain the
underlying drivers of frequency/severity.  
  A structural driver analysis of
frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of
uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For example, for the excess workers’
compensation product line of business, we have attempted to corroborate our
judgment by considering the impact on severity of the future potential for
deterioration of an injured worker’s medical condition, the impact of price
inflation on the various categories of medical expense and cost of living
adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and
claim specific settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the
following: 

 •     
  Claim by claim reviews,
often facilitated by third party specialists, to determine the stability and
likelihood of settling an injured worker’s indemnity and medical benefits; 

 •     
  Analysis of the
potential for future deterioration in medical condition unlikely to be picked
up by a claim file review and associated with potentially costly medical
procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of medical care)
over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime; 

 •     
  Analysis of the cost of
medical price inflation for each category of medical spend (services and
devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line with statutory
requirements; 

 •     
  Portfolio specific
mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a mortality
study conducted for our primary and excess workers’ compensation portfolios and
our opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported cases; 

 •     
  Ground-up consideration
of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the product line of business for
reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims; and 

 •     
  The effects of various
run-off loss management strategies that have been developed by our run-off
unit. 


 


 

 46                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 In recent years, we have
expanded our analysis of structural drivers to additional product lines of
business as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional actuarial
techniques. For example, we have explicitly used external estimates of future
medical inflation and mortality in estimating the loss development tail for
excess of deductible primary workers’ compensation business. Using external
forecasts for items such as these can improve the accuracy and stability of our
estimates. 

 The estimation of liability for loss reserves and
loss adjustment expenses relating to asbestos and environmental pollution
losses on insurance policies written many years ago is typically subject to
greater uncertainty than other types of losses.    This is due to
inconsistent court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and
legislative actions that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond
the original intent of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. In
addition, reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and
environmental loss reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the
underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of
the coverage, and determination of proper policy period. For these reasons,
these balances tend to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal
collection activity when actually billed. The insurance industry as a whole is
engaged in extensive litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is
thus confronted with a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these
exposures. 

 We continue to
receive claims asserting injuries and damages from toxic waste, hazardous
substances, and other environmental pollutants and alleged claims to cover the
cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites, referred to collectively as
environmental claims, and indemnity claims asserting injuries from asbestos.
The vast majority of these asbestos and environmental losses emanate from
policies written in 1984 and prior years. Commencing in 1985, standard policies
contained absolute exclusions for pollution-related damage and asbestos. The
current environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for
environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis. 

 The majority of
our exposures for asbestos and environmental losses are related to excess
casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The litigation costs are treated in
the same manner as indemnity amounts, with litigation expenses included within
the limits of the liability we incur. Individual significant loss reserves,
where future litigation costs are reasonably determinable, are established on a
case-by-case basis. 

 

 Discussion of Key Assumptions
of our Actuarial Methods 

 


 
  
   
    Line
   of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers’  
  Compensation 
   
  
   We generally use a combination of loss development and
  expected loss ratio methods for U.S. Workers’ Compensation as  this line of business is long-tail.    
     
   The loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be
  material with respect to our guaranteed cost loss reserves. This is primarily
  because our actuaries are generally able to use loss development projections
  for all but the most recent accident year’s reserves, so there is limited
  need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for primary workers’ compensation
  business. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The tail factor is typically the most critical
  assumption, and small changes in the selected tail factor can have a material
  effect on our carried reserves.  For example, the tail factors beyond twenty
  years for guaranteed cost business could vary by one and one-half percent
  below to two percent above those actually indicated in the 2018 loss reserve
  review. For excess of deductible business, in our judgment, it is reasonably
  likely that tail factors beyond twenty years could vary by four percent below
  to six percent above those actually indicated in the 2018 loss reserve
  review. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              47 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 

 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
   We utilize various loss cost trend assumptions for
  different segments of the portfolio. After evaluating the historical loss
  cost trends from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment,
  it is reasonably likely that actual loss cost trends applicable to the
  year-end 2018 loss reserve review for U.S. Excess Casualty may range five
  percent lower or higher than this estimated loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption
  is critical for the U.S. Excess Casualty class of business due to the
  long-tail nature of the losses, and is applied across many accident years.
  Thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves with respect to a number
  of accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to be significantly
  affected by changes in loss cost trends that were initially relied upon in
  setting the loss reserves. These changes in loss trends could be attributable
  to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or
  economic conditions affecting losses. 
   U.S. Excess Casualty is a long-tail class of business and
  any deviation in loss development factors might not be discernible for an
  extended period of time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss
  reserve estimates for any accident year. Mass tort claims in particular may
  develop over a very extended period and impact multiple accident years, so we
  usually select a separate pattern for them. Thus, there is the potential for
  the loss reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be
  significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were
  initially relied upon in setting the reserves.  
   After evaluating the historical loss development factors
  from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that the actual loss development factors could vary by an
  amount equivalent to a six month shift from those actually utilized in the
  year-end 2018 reserve review. This would impact projections both for accident
  years where the selections were directly based on loss development methods as
  well as the a priori loss ratio assumptions for accident years with
  selections based on Bornhuetter-Ferguson or Cape Cod methods. Similar to loss
  cost trends, these changes in loss development factors could be attributable
  to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or
  economic conditions affecting losses. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
   The key uncertainties for other casualty lines are
  similar to excess casualty, as the underlying business is long-tailed and can
  be subject to variability in loss cost trends and changes in loss development
  factors.  These may differ significantly by line of business as coverages
  such as general liability, medical malpractice and environmental may be
  subject to different risk drivers.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
     
   
  
   The loss cost trends for U.S. D&O business vary by
  year and subset, but for the most recent accident years, it is assumed to
  have been generally close to zero. After evaluating the historical loss cost
  levels from prior accident years since the early 1990s, including the
  potential effect of losses relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it
  is reasonably likely that the actual variation in loss cost levels for these
  subsets could vary by approximately 10 percent lower or higher on a
  year-over-year basis than the assumptions actually utilized in the year-end
  2018 reserve review. Because U.S. D&O business has exhibited highly
  volatile loss trends from one accident year to the next, there is the
  possibility of an exceptionally high deviation. In our analysis, the effects
  of loss cost trend assumptions affect the results through the a priori loss
  ratio assumptions used for the Bornhuetter-Ferguson and Cape Cod methods,
  which impact the projections for the more recent accident years. 
   The selected loss development factors are also an
  important assumption, but are less critical than for U.S. Excess Casualty. Because
  these classes are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and
  development tail is much shorter than for U.S. Excess Casualty. However, the
  high severity nature of the losses does create the potential for significant
  deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. Similar to
  U.S. Excess Casualty, after evaluating the historical loss development
  factors from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it
  is reasonably likely that actual loss development factors could change by an
  amount equivalent to a shift by six months from those actually utilized in
  the year-end 2018 reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 
   
  
   Similar to U.S. business, European Casualty
  and Financial Lines can be significantly impacted by loss cost trends and
  changes in loss development factors.  The variation in such factors can
  differ significantly by product and region.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special Risks, and
  Europe  Property and Special Risks 
   
  
   For short-tail lines such as Property and Special Risks,
  variance in outcomes for individual large claims or events can have a
  significant impact on results.  These outcomes generally relate to unique
  characteristics of events such as catastrophes or losses with significant
  business interruption claims. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance, and Europe, and
  Japan Personal Insurance 
     
   
  
   Personal Insurance is short-tailed in nature similar to
  Property and Special Risks but less volatile.  Variance in estimates can
  result from unique events such as catastrophes.  In addition, some subsets of
  this business, such as auto liability, can be impacted by changes in loss
  development factors and loss cost trends.  
   
  
 



   


 


 

 48                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 

 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance lines  
   
  
   We historically have used a combination of loss
  development methods and expected loss ratio methods for excess workers’
  compensation and other run-off segments.  For environmental claims, we have
  utilized a variety of methods including traditional loss development
  approaches, claim department and other expert evaluations of the ultimate
  costs for certain claims and survival ratio metrics.  
   U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance lines is an extremely
  long-tail class of business, with a much greater than normal uncertainty as
  to the appropriate loss development factors for the tail of the loss
  development.  Specifically for excess workers’ compensation, after evaluating
  the historical loss development factors for prior accident years since the
  1980s as well as the development over the past several years of the ground up
  loss projections utilized to help select the loss development factors in the
  tail for this class of business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely
  that the tail factor beyond 30 years could vary by 10 percent above or below
  that actually indicated in the 2018 loss reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Other Reserve Items 
   
  
   Loss adjustment expenses (LAE) are separated into two
  broad categories, allocated loss adjustment expenses (ALAE), also referred to
  as legal defense and cost containment or “legal” and unallocated loss
  adjustment expenses (ULAE), which includes certain claims adjuster fees and
  other internal claim management costs. 
   We determine reserves for legal expenses for each class
  of business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. For the
  majority of segments, legal costs are analyzed in conjunction with losses.
  For segments where they are separately analyzed the methods used generally
  include development methods comparable to those described for loss
  development methods. The development could be based on either the paid loss
  adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid
  losses, or both. Other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate
  ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from
  prior accident years or from similar product lines of business. 
   The bulk of adjuster expenses are allocated and charged
  to individual claim files. For these expenses, we generally determine
  reserves based on calendar year ratios of adjuster expenses paid to losses
  paid for the particular product line of business. For other internal claim
  costs, which generally relate to specific claim department expenses that are
  not allocated to individual claim files such as technology costs and other
  broad initiatives, we look at historic and expected expenditures for these
  items and project these into the future. 
   The incidence of LAE is directly related to the
  frequency, complexity and level of underlying claims.  As a result, a key
  driver of variability in LAE is the variability in the overall claims,
  particularly for long tail lines. 
   
  
 



 The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the effect on
the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost trend (for
accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss development
factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in determining our
estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2018: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   to Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Loss Reserves 
   
  
 
   
   Loss cost trends: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development factors: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (750) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (900) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      10 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   650 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
     
   
  
   950 
   
  
 
   
      10 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (450) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (650) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Run-off P&C Lines (Excess   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Workers' Compensation): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Workers' Compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor increase (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor decrease (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (750) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Tail
factor increase of 2 percent for guaranteed cost business and 6 percent for
deductible business. 

 (b)  Tail
factor decrease of 1.5 percent for guaranteed cost business and 4 percent for
deductible business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              49 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Future Policy
Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts 

 Long-duration traditional products  include whole life insurance, term life insurance,
accident and health insurance, long-term care insurance, and certain payout
annuities for which the payment period is life-contingent, which include
certain of our single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements. 

 For long-duration traditional business, a
“lock-in” principle applies .  The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities
and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in
actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. The assumptions
include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment
returns. These assumptions are typically consistent with pricing inputs. The
assumptions also include margins for adverse deviation, principally for key
assumptions such as mortality and interest rates used to discount cash flows,
to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate from these
assumptions. Establishing margins at contract inception requires management
judgment.  The extent of the margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on
the uncertainty of the cash flows, which is affected by the volatility of the
business and the extent of our experience with the product. 

 Loss recognition
occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result in
projected future losses under loss recognition testing. To determine whether
loss recognition exists, we determine whether a future loss is expected based
on updated current assumptions.  If loss recognition exists, we recognize the
loss by first reducing DAC through amortization expense, and, if DAC is
depleted, record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder
benefit expense. Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities
subject to the “lock-in” principle, small changes in certain assumptions may
cause large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. In particular, changes
in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree
of reserve deficiency. 

 For
additional information on loss recognition see Note 9 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.   

 Groupings
for loss recognition testing are consistent with our manner of acquiring,
servicing, and measuring the profitability of the business and are applied by
product groupings , including
traditional life, payout annuities and long-term care insurance .  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of
business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for
the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle.  Key
judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following: 

 •     
  To determine investment
returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically match  liabilities with assets of comparable
duration, to the extent practicable, and then project future cash flows on
those assets. Assets supporting insurance liabilities are primarily comprised
of a diversified portfolio of high to medium quality fixed maturity securities,
and may also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments.  Our projections include a reasonable
allowance for investment expenses and expected credit losses over the
projection horizon. A critical assumption in the projection of expected
investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at which excess
cash flows are to be reinvested.  For products in which asset and liability
durations are matched relatively well, this is less of a consideration since
interest on excess cash flows are not a significant component of future cash
flows.  For the reinvestment rate assumption, anticipated future changes to the
yield curves could have a large effect.  Given the interest rate environment
applicable at the date of our most recent loss recognition tests, we assumed a
modest and gradual increase in long-term interest rates over time.  

 •     
  For mortality
assumptions, key judgments include the extent of industry versus own experience
to base future assumptions as well as the extent of expected mortality
improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based on a combination of
historical mortality  trends
and advice from industry, public health and demography specialists that were
consulted by AIG’s actuaries and published industry information .   

 •     
  For surrender rates, a
key judgment involves the correlation between expected increases/decreases in
interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender rates. To support this
judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products to expected rates on
competing products under different interest rate scenarios.  

 •     
  For in-force long-term
care insurance, rate increases are allowed but must be approved by state insurance
regulators. Consequently, the extent of rate increases that may be assumed
requires judgment.  In establishing our assumption for rate increases for
long-term care insurance, we consider historical experience as to the frequency
and level of rate increases approved by state regulators.  


 


 

 50                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Significant unrealized
appreciation on investments in a low interest rate environment may cause DAC to
be adjusted and additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded
through a charge directly to accumulated other comprehensive income (“shadow
loss recognition”). These charges are included, net of tax, with the change in
net unrealized appreciation of investments. In applying shadow loss
recognition, the Company overlays unrealized gains onto loss recognition tests
without revising the underlying test.  Accordingly, there is limited additional
judgment in this process.   

 For additional information on shadow loss recognition see
Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products 

 Variable
 annuity products offered by our Individual
Retirement and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit
features. These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits
(GMDB) that are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living
benefits that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other
instances, at specified dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits primarily
include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB).  

 For additional information on these features see Note 14 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

 The
liability for GMDB, which is recorded in Future policyholder benefits,
represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account
value, with the excess recognized ratably through Policyholder benefits and
losses incurred over the accumulation period based on total expected fee
assessments. The liabilities for GMWB, which are recorded in Policyholder
contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair
value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in Other
realized capital gains (losses). 

 Our exposure to
the guaranteed amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder’s
account balance is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. A
variable annuity contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit
feature; for example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a
policyholder can generally only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a
contract containing a death benefit and a living benefit, i.e., the features
are generally mutually exclusive (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to
potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during his
or her lifetime).  A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living
benefit on one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased
volatility and a sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure
to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in
the liabilities for those benefits. 

 For
sensitivity analysis which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed
benefit features to changes in the assumptions for interest rates, equity
market returns, volatility, and mortality see Estimated Gross Profits for
Investment-Oriented Products below.  

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features see Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and Retirement
Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              51 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 The reserving methodology and assumptions
used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features
are presented in the following table: 

 
  
   
    Guaranteed Benefit Feature  
    
  
    Reserving Methodology &  
   Assumptions and Accounting Judgments 
    
  
 
   
   GMDB 
   
  
   We determine the GMDB liability at each
  balance sheet date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in
  excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably
  over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments.  For
  additional information on how we reserve for variable annuity products with
  guaranteed benefit features see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   Key assumptions include: 
   ·           
    Mortality rates, which are based upon
  actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form 
   ·           
    Lapse rates, which are based upon
  actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form 
   ·           
    Investment returns, using assumptions
  from a stochastic equity model  
   In applying asset growth assumptions for
  the valuation of the GMDB liability, we use a reversion to the mean
  methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   For a description of this
  methodology see Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products
  below. 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB 
   
  
   GMWB living benefits are embedded
  derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried
  at fair value.  For additional information on how we reserve for variable
  annuity products with guaranteed benefit features see Note 14 to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements, and for information on fair value
  measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we incorporate our
  own non-performance risk see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   The fair value of the embedded
  derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to
  projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key
  assumptions include: 
   ·           
    Interest rates 
   ·           
    Equity market returns 
   ·           
    Market volatility 
   ·           
    Credit spreads 
   ·           
    Equity / interest rate correlation 
   ·           
    Policyholder behavior, including
  mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization. Estimates of future
  policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical
  experience 
   ·           
    In applying asset growth assumptions
  for the valuation of GMWBs, we use market-consistent assumptions calibrated
  to observable interest rate and equity option prices 
   ·           
    Allocation of fees between the
  embedded derivative and host contract 
   
  
 



 valuation of embedded derivatives for fixed index annuity and Life
Products 

 Fixed index annuity and
life products provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a
market index. Certain fixed index annuity products offer optional guaranteed
benefit features similar to those offered on variable annuity products. The
index crediting feature of these products results in the recognition of an
embedded derivative that is required to be bifurcated from the host contract
and carried at fair value. Option pricing models are used to estimate fair
value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates,
volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and our ability to
adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity indexed credited rates in
light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. 

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features see Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and Retirement
Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program. 

 Estimated Gross Profits for Investment–Oriented Products 

 Policy
acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts related to universal life and investment-type products (collectively,
investment-oriented products) are generally deferred and amortized, with
interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be
realized over the expected lives of the contracts, except in instances where
significant negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods.    Estimated gross profits
include current and expected interest rates, net investment income and spreads,
net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality
experience and equity market returns and volatility. In estimating future gross
profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on
DAC amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread
between investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a
significant judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.  


 


 

 52                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change,
DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed benefit reserves and
unearned revenue reserve (URR), are recalculated using the new assumptions, and
any resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may
result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of
amortization in other products.  

 In estimating
future gross profits for variable annuity products as of December 31, 2018, a
long-term annual asset growth assumption of 7.0 percent (before expenses that
reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) was applied to
estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a reversion to the
mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or below the long-term
annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to
the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate
(cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.  The use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the
industry; however, the  parameters used in the
methodology are subject to judgment and vary within the industry.  

 For
additional discussion see Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and
DAC – DAC – Reversion to the Mean. 

 The following table summarizes the sensitivity of changes in
certain assumptions for DAC and SIA, embedded derivatives and other reserves
related to guaranteed benefits and URR, measured as the related hypothetical
impact on December 31, 2018 balances and the resulting hypothetical impact on
pre-tax income, before hedging. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Increase
  (decrease) in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Related to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   DAC/SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
 
   
   Assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   (295) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Return (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
 
   
   Volatility  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1% 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,537) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,537 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1% 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,070) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortality 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Lapse 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an decrease by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity
returns for GMDB reserves and net impact of a one percent increase or
decrease in the S&P 500 index on the value of the GMWB embedded
derivative. 

 (b)  Represents
the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity
volatility. 

 (c)  Represents
the net impact of one percent parallel shift in the yield curve on the value of
the GMWB embedded derivative. Does not represent interest rate spread
compression on investment-oriented products. 

 The
sensitivity ranges of 10 basis points, one percent and 10 percent are included
for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the changes in net investment
spreads, equity return, volatility, interest rate, mortality or lapse used by
AIG in its fair value analyses or estimates of future gross profits to value
DAC and related reserves. Changes in excess of those illustrated may occur in
any period. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              53 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 The analysis of DAC, embedded
derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits, and unearned
revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and
assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above factors
individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key assumptions.
An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption
would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. The effects on pre-tax
income in the sensitivity analysis  table above
do not reflect the related effects from o ur
economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other financial
instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move
in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded
derivative liabilities.  

 For a further discussion on guaranteed benefit features of
our variable annuities and the related hedging program see Enterprise Risk Management
Insurance Risks – Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity
Risk Management and Hedging Program, Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity
Reserves and DAC – DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging
Results, and Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Reinsurance Assets 

 The estimation
of reinsurance recoverable involves a significant amount of judgment,
particularly for latent exposures, such as asbestos, due to their long-tail
nature.   Reinsurance assets include reinsurance
recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that are estimated as
part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are subject to similar
judgments and uncertainties as the estimation of gross loss reserves.     

 We assess the
collectability of reinsurance recoverable balances through either detailed
reviews of the underlying nature of the reinsurance balance or comparisons with
historical trends of disputes and credit events.  We record adjustments to
reflect the results of these assessments through an allowance for uncollectable
reinsurance that reduces the carrying amount of reinsurance assets on the
balance sheet. This estimate requires significant judgment for which key
considerations include: 

 •     
  paid and unpaid amounts
recoverable;  

 •     
  whether the balance is
in dispute or subject to legal collection;  

 •     
  whether the reinsurer
is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in receivership or
otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory restriction); and 

 •     
  whether collateral and
collateral arrangements exist. 

 At
December 31, 2018, the allowance for estimated unrecoverable reinsurance
was $140 million, or less than one percent of the consolidated reinsurance
recoverable.    

 For
additional information on reinsurance see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Impairment Charges 

 Impairments of Investments 

 At
each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for sale securities holdings
with unrealized losses to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred.  We also evaluate our other invested assets for impairment; these
include equity method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other entities as well as investments in real estate. 

 For
additional information on the methodology and significant inputs, by investment
type, that we use to determine the amount of impairment see the discussion in
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill Impairment 

 For
a discussion of goodwill impairment see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors –
Estimates and Assumptions and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  In 2018, 2017 and 2016, for substantially all of the
reporting units we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment of whether
goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed quantitative
assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all of the
reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To determine fair value, we
primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis that estimates
and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  Such analysis is
principally based on our business projections that inherently include judgments
regarding business trends. 


 


 

 54                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Liability for
Legal Contingencies 

 We estimate and
record a liability for potential losses that may arise from regulatory and
government investigations and actions and litigation and other forms of dispute
resolution to the extent such losses are probable and can be estimated.
Determining a reasonable estimate of the amount of such losses requires
significant management judgment. In many cases, it is not possible to determine
whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum
amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. In view of
the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly
in cases that are in the early stages of litigation or in which claimants seek
substantial or indeterminate damages, we often cannot predict the outcome or
estimate the eventual loss or range of reasonably possible losses related to
such matters. Given the inherent unpredictability of such matters, the outcome
of certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on
the company’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

 For more
information on legal, regulatory and litigation matters see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Fair Value Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities 

 For
additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial assets
and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the incorporation
of credit risk in fair value measurements see Note 5 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of fixed maturity and
equity securities by source of value determination: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   of Total  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on external sources (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   222 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on internal sources 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity and equity securities (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
$15.6 billion for which the primary source is broker quotes. 

 (b)  Includes
available for sale and other securities. 

 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 Assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are
measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of
three levels based on the observability of inputs available in the marketplace
used to measure the fair value.  

 For
additional information see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 The following table presents the amount of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33.7 
   
  
   6.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35.9 
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Level
3 fair value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least
one significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to
be those for which market data is not available and that are developed using
the best information available about the assumptions that market participants
would use when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
entirety requires judgment. 

 We classify fair
value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when they
require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs. 

 For a discussion
of the valuation methodologies for assets and liabilities measured at fair
value, as well as a discussion of transfers of Level 3 assets and liabilities
see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              55 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Income Taxes  

 Recoverability of Net Deferred Tax Asset 

 The evaluation
of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation
allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a
conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is
commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more
negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the
more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not
needed. 

 We consider a
number of factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can
determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses (NOLs),
foreign tax credits (FTCs), realized capital loss and other carryforwards.
These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses and
actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include
assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG specific conditions and events.
We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect
on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to our assumptions about
the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In 2018,
we have also considered the impact of the Tax Act on our forecasts of taxable
income, made certain assumptions related to interpretation of relevant new
rules, and incorporated guidance issued by the U.S. tax authority.  Our
analysis also reflected the effect of slower utilization of our tax credits due
to a reduction in the U.S. statutory tax rate as a result of the Tax Act.  Our
income forecasts, coupled with our tax planning strategies, all resulted in
sufficient taxable income to achieve realization of the U.S. tax attributes
prior to their expiration. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2018, recent changes in market conditions, including rising
interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the U.S.
Non-Life Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio, resulting in a
decrease to the deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax capital
gains.  As of December 31, 2018, we continue to be in an overall unrealized tax
gain position with respect to the U.S. Non-Life Companies’ available for sale
securities portfolio and thus concluded no valuation allowance is necessary in
the U.S. Non-Life Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio. 

 We also assess
the recoverability of deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax capital
losses in the U.S. life insurance companies’ available for sale portfolio. For
the year ended December 31, 2018, recent changes in market conditions,
including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the unrealized tax gains and
losses in the U.S. life insurance companies’ available for sale securities
portfolio, resulting in a deferred tax asset related to net unrealized tax
capital losses. The deferred tax asset relates to the unrealized losses for
which the carryforward period has not yet begun, and as such, when assessing
its recoverability, we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying
securities to recovery. As of December 31, 2018, based on all available
evidence,  we concluded that a valuation
allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related
to unrealized losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized.  

 For a
discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred
tax asset see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Uncertain Tax Positions 

 Our accounting
for income taxes, including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s
best estimate of various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB
Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48)
now incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes (ASC
740) prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties and additional
disclosures. We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax
position will be sustained, based on technical merits, upon examination by the
relevant taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in
the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. 

 We classify
interest expense and penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of
income taxes. 

 U.S. Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries 

 The U.S. federal
income tax laws applicable to determining the amount of income taxes related to
differences between the book carrying amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are
complex. Determining the amount also requires significant judgment and reliance
on reasonable assumptions and estimates.  


 


 

 56                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 U.S. Tax Reform 

 On December 22,
2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97, known informally as the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act reduced the statutory rate of U.S.
federal corporate income tax to 21 percent and enacted numerous other changes
impacting AIG and the insurance industry.  Additionally, the SEC staff
issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (SAB 118), which provided guidance on
accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 addressed situations
where accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740
may be incomplete upon issuance of an entity’s financial statements and
provided a one-year measurement period from the enactment date to complete the
accounting under ASC 740. As of December 31, 2017, we had not fully completed
our accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act and our provision for income
taxes was based in part on a reasonable estimate of the effects on existing
deferred tax balances and of certain provisions of the Tax Act.   

 The Tax Act
includes a provision for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which
taxes on foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on
tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries and for Base Erosion and
Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under which taxes are imposed on certain base eroding
payments to affiliated foreign companies. There are substantial uncertainties
in the interpretation of BEAT and GILTI and while certain formal guidance was
issued by the U.S. tax authority, there are still aspects of the Tax Act that
remain unclear and additional guidance is expected in 2019. Such guidance may
result in changes to the interpretations and assumptions we made and actions we
may take, which may impact amounts recorded with respect to international
provisions of the Tax Act. Consistent with accounting guidance, we treat BEAT
as a period tax charge in the period the tax is incurred and have made an
accounting policy election to treat GILTI taxes in a similar manner.   

 As of
December 31, 2018, we have completed our accounting for the tax effects of the
Tax Act.  As further guidance is issued by the U.S. tax authority, any
resulting changes in our estimates will be treated in accordance with the
relevant accounting guidance.  

 For an
additional discussion of the Tax Act see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 



 
  



 

 Execut ive Summary 

 


 Overview 

 This overview of
the MD&A highlights selected information and may not contain all of the
information that is important to current or potential investors in our
securities. You should read this Annual Report in its entirety for a more
detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical
accounting estimates affecting us.  

 On July 18,
2018, we completed our acquisition of Validus Holdings, Ltd. (Validus), a
leading provider of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset management
services, for approximately $5.5 billion in cash. This transaction strengthens
our global General Insurance business by expanding our current product
portfolio through additional distribution channels and advancing the tools
available to enhance underwriting.  The results of Validus following the date
of the acquisition are included in our General Insurance segment starting in
the third quarter of 2018.  Our North America results include the results of
Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. and Western World Insurance Group, Inc., while our
International results include the results of Talbot Holdings Ltd. 

 In February
2018, we closed a series of affiliated reinsurance transactions impacting the
Legacy Portfolio. These transactions were designed to consolidate most of our
Legacy Insurance Run-Off Lines into a single legal entity, Fortitude Re,
formerly known as DSA Reinsurance Company, Ltd., a Bermuda domiciled composite
reinsurer. The transactions include the cession of approximately $31 billion of
reserves from our Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and approximately $4
billion of reserves from our Legacy General Insurance Run-Off Lines relating to
business written by multiple AIG legal entities, which represented over 83
percent of the insurance reserves in the Legacy Portfolio as of December 31,
2018. Fortitude Re has approximately $40 billion of total assets, primarily
managed by AIG Investments, and is AIG’s main run-off reinsurer with its own
dedicated management team.   

 We formed
Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC (Fortitude Holdings) to act as a holding company
for Fortitude Re. On November 13, 2018, we completed the sale of a 19.9 percent
ownership interest in Fortitude Holdings to TC Group Cayman Investment
Holdings, L.P. (TCG), an affiliate of The Carlyle Group L.P. (Carlyle) (the
Fortitude Re Closing). Fortitude Holdings owns 100 percent of the outstanding
common shares of Fortitude Re and AIG has an 80.1 percent ownership interest in
Fortitude Holdings. In connection with the sale, we agreed to certain
investment commitment targets into various Carlyle strategies and to certain
minimum investment management fee payments within thirty-six months following the
closing. We also will be required to pay a proportionate amount of an agreed
make-whole fee to the extent we fail to satisfy such investment commitment
targets. 

 On November 6,
2018 we completed our acquisition of Glatfelter Insurance Group, a full-service
broker and insurance company providing services for specialty programs and
retail operations. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              57 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 On December 31, 2018 AIG Life Ltd., a U.K. AIG Life and
Retirement company, completed its acquisition of Ellipse, a specialist provider
of group life risk protection in the U.K. 

 See Business
Segment Operations – General Insurance and Legacy Portfolio. 

    

 Financial  Performance Summary 

 
  
   
   Net Loss Attributable To AIG 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Decrease in Net loss attributable to AIG in 2018 compared
  to 2017. Excluding the $6.7 billion tax charge related to the enactment of
  the Tax Act in 2017, we recorded a Net loss attributable to AIG in 2018
  compared to Net income attributable to AIG in 2017 primarily due to: 
   •     
    lower investment
  returns primarily driven by lower hedge fund performance, a decline in income
  from fixed maturity securities for which the fair value option was elected
  when compared to higher returns on this portfolio in 2017 as a result of
  significant spread tightening that occurred, losses on our fair value option
  equities portfolio, and lower invested assets resulting from the funding of
  the adverse development reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Company
  (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire), late in the
  first quarter of 2017;  
   •     
    a net unfavorable
  adjustment from the review and update of Life and Retirement actuarial
  assumptions compared to a net favorable adjustment in the prior year; and 
   •     
    higher general
  operating and other expenses . 
   This decrease was partially offset by: 
   •     
    lower losses incurred
  from General Insurance operations driven by significantly lower catastrophe
  losses and lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve development, partially
  offset by higher severe losses; and 
   •     
    lower net realized
  capital losses. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 58                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Decreased primarily due to a $6.7 billion tax charge
  related to the enactment of the Tax Act. Excluding this tax charge, net
  income increased $1.5 billion due to: 
   •     
    lower losses from
  General Insurance operations, reflecting $1.0 billion of pre-tax unfavorable
  prior year loss reserve development in 2017 driven by higher than expected
  loss emergence in General Insurance primarily related to accident year 2016
  compared to $5.4 billion in 2016, partially offset by higher catastrophe
  losses; 
   •     
    a net favorable
  adjustment from the update of Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions in
  2017 compared to a net unfavorable adjustment in the prior year; 
   •     
    lower general
  operating and other expenses; 
   •     
    lower net realized
  capital losses; 
   •     
    increased adjusted
  pre-tax income from the Legacy Portfolio; and 
   •     
    higher net investment
  income due to increased income from alternative investments and higher
  appreciation on assets for which the fair value option was elected.  
   This increase was partially
  offset by a loss on sale of divested businesses in 2017 compared to a gain on
  sale of divested businesses in 2016.  
     
   For further discussion see MD&A – Consolidated
  Results of Operations. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Adjusted Pre-Tax Income* 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
     
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
    lower investment
  returns primarily driven by lower hedge fund performance, a decline in income
  from fixed maturity securities for which the fair value option was elected
  when compared to higher returns on this portfolio in 2017 as a result of
  significant spread tightening that occurred, losses on our fair value option
  equities portfolio, and lower invested assets resulting from the funding of
  the adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO late in the first
  quarter of 2017;  
   •     
    a net unfavorable
  adjustment from the review and update of Life and Retirement actuarial
  assumptions compared to a net favorable adjustment in the prior year; and 
   •     
    higher general operating
  and other expenses. 
   This decrease was partially offset by lower losses
  incurred from General Insurance operations driven by significantly lower
  catastrophe losses and lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve development,
  partially offset by higher severe losses. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            59 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Increased primarily due to: 
   •     
    lower losses from
  General Insurance operations, reflecting $1.0 billion of pre-tax unfavorable
  prior year loss reserve development in 2017 driven by higher than expected
  loss emergence in General Insurance primarily related to accident year 2016
  compared to $5.4 billion in 2016, partially offset by higher catastrophe
  losses; 
   •     
    a net favorable
  adjustment from the update of Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions in
  2017 compared to a net unfavorable adjustment in in the prior year; 
   •     
    lower general
  operating and other expenses; 
   •     
    increased adjusted
  pre-tax income from the Legacy Portfolio; and 
   •     
    higher net investment
  income due to increased income from alternative investments and higher
  appreciation on assets for which the fair value option was elected.  
   For further discussion see MD&A – Consolidated
  Results of Operations. 
   
  
 



 *    Non-GAAP
measure  – for reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP measures see Consolidated
Results of Operations .  

   

 
  
   
   General Operating and Other Expenses 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
     
   
  
   General operating and other expenses increased in 2018
  compared to 2017 due to the acquisition of Validus, business growth and
  continued investments in business platforms. General operating and other
  expenses declined in 2017 compared to 2016  due
  to lower employee-related expenses and professional fee reductions related to
  our ongoing efficiency program and divestitures of businesses, including
  United Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group, Fuji Life and NSM Insurance Group LLC
  (NSM). 
   In keeping with our broad and ongoing efforts
  to transform for long-term competitiveness, general operating and other
  expenses for 2018, 2017 and 2016 included approximately $395 million, $413
  million and $694 million of pre-tax restructuring and other costs,
  respectively, which were primarily comprised of employee severance charges
  related to efficiency initiatives. 
   We continue to execute initiatives focused on
  organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business
  rationalization.  
   
  
 



   

   


 


 

 60                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   Return on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjusted Return on Equity* 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
     
   
  
 
   
   *    Non-GAAP measure  – for reconciliation of Non-GAAP
  to GAAP measures see Consolidated Results of Operations .  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book Value Per Share  
   
  
     
   
  
   Book Value Per Share, excluding AOCI* 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   *    Non-GAAP measure  – for reconciliation of Non-GAAP
  to GAAP measures see Consolidated Results of Operations .  
   
  
 



    

 AIG’s Outlook – Industry and economic factors 

 Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2018, characterized by factors such as the
impact of historically low interest rates, uncertainties in the annuity
marketplace resulting from legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at
re-evaluating the standard of care for sales of investment products and
services, historically high levels of catastrophic events, slowing growth in
China and Euro-Zone economies, global trade tensions and the UK’s pending
withdrawal from its membership in the European Union (the EU) (commonly
referred to as Brexit). Brexit has also affected the U.S. dollar/British pound
exchange rate and increased the volatility of exchange rates among the euro,
British pound and the Japanese yen (the Major Currencies), which may continue
for some time. 

 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment 

 While
interest rates remain low by historical standards, interest rates during 2018,
particularly in the United States, have risen, in some cases close to highs of
the last five to ten years. In early 2019, the Federal Open Market Committee of
the Federal Reserve System indicated that it expects the pace of rate increases
to slow. The low interest rate environment negatively affects sales of interest
rate sensitive products in our industry and may negatively impact the
profitability of our existing business as we reinvest cash flows from
investments, including increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity
securities and mortgage loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing
portfolios. As rates rise, some of these impacts may abate while there may be
different impacts, some of which are highlighted below. We actively manage our
exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and
asset- 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            61 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 liability management, including spread
management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging
of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index
annuities. 

 Additionally,
sustained low interest rates on discounting of projected benefit cash flows for
our pension plans may result in higher pension expense.  

 Annuity Sales and Surrenders 

 The
sustained low interest rate environment has a significant impact on the annuity
industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns,
which may negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and
reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate products. However, our
disciplined rate setting has helped to mitigate some of the pressure on
investment spreads. Rapidly rising interest rates could create the potential
for increased sales, but may also drive higher surrenders. Customers are,
however, currently buying fixed annuities with surrender charge periods of four
to seven years in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate increased
early surrenders in a rising rate environment. In addition, older contracts that
have higher minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive to the
contract holders have driven better than expected persistency in Fixed
Annuities, although the reserves for such contracts have continued to decrease
over time in amount and as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio. We will
closely monitor surrenders of Fixed Annuities as contracts with lower minimum
interest rates come out of the surrender charge period in a more attractive
rate environment. Low interest rates have also driven growth in our fixed index
annuity products, which provide additional interest crediting, tied to
favorable performance in certain equity market indices and the availability of
guaranteed living benefits. Changes in interest rates significantly impact the
valuation of our liabilities for annuities with guaranteed income features and
the value of the related hedging portfolio. 

 Reinvestment and Spread Management 

 We actively monitor fixed income markets,
including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the
yield curve. We also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and
actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business.
Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain profitability of the overall
business in light of the interest rate environment. A low interest rate
environment puts margin pressure on pricing of new business and on existing
products, due to the challenge of investing new money or recurring premiums and
deposits, and reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows, in the low interest
rate environment. In addition, there is investment risk associated with future
premium receipts from certain in‑force business. Specifically, the
investment of these future premium receipts may be at a yield below that
required to meet future policy liabilities. 

 The contractual provisions for renewal of
crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting rates included in products may
reduce spreads in a sustained low interest rate environment and thus reduce
future profitability. Although this interest rate risk is partially mitigated
through the asset‑liability management process, product design elements
and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low interest rate environment may
negatively affect future profitability. 

 For additional information on our investment and
asset-liability management strategies see Investments. 

 For investment-oriented products in our
Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional
Markets businesses, our spread management strategies include disciplined
pricing and product design for new business, modifying or limiting the sale of
products that do not achieve targeted spreads, using asset-liability management
to match assets to liabilities to the extent practicable, and actively managing
crediting rates to help mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads.
Renewal crediting rate management is done under contractual provisions that
were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals
in accordance with state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate
guarantees. We will continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business to
mitigate the pressure on spreads from declining base yields, but our ability to
lower crediting rates may be limited by the competitive environment,
contractual minimum crediting rates, and provisions that allow rates to be
reset only at pre-established intervals. As interest rates rise, we may need to
raise crediting rates on in-force business for competitive and other reasons
potentially reducing the impact of investing in a higher interest rate environment. 

 Of the aggregate fixed account values of our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement annuity products, 66 percent were
crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at December 31,
2018. The percentage of fixed account values of our annuity products that are
currently crediting at rates above one percent was 66 percent and 69 percent at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These businesses continue to focus on
pricing discipline and strategies to manage the minimum guaranteed interest
crediting rates offered on new sales in the context of regulatory requirements
and competitive positioning. In the core universal life business in our Life
Insurance business, 65 percent of the account values were crediting at the
contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at December 31, 2018. 


 


 

 62                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 The following table presents fixed annuity
and universal life account values of our Individual Retirement, Group
Retirement and Life Insurance operating segments by contractual minimum
guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum
  Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   <=1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,464 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,829 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,406 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,890 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,698 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,935 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,434 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,402 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,112 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,181 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,064 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Group Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,969 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,902 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,724 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Universal life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,932 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,079 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,248 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total universal life
  insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,449 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,002 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,785 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,128 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Individual
Retirement and Group Retirement amounts shown include fixed options within
variable annuity products. 

 General Insurance 

 The
impact of low interest rates on our General Insurance segment is primarily on
our long-tail Casualty line of business. We expect limited impacts on our
existing long-tail Casualty business as the duration of our assets is slightly
longer than that of our liabilities. Sustained low interest rates would
potentially impact new and renewal business for the long-tail Casualty line as
we may not be able to adjust our future pricing consistent with our
profitability objectives to fully offset the impact of investing at lower
rates. However, we will continue to maintain pricing discipline and risk
selection. 

 In addition, for
our General Insurance segment and General Insurance Run-Off Lines reported
within the Legacy Portfolio, sustained low interest rates may unfavorably
affect the net loss reserve discount for workers’ compensation, and to a lesser
extent could favorably impact assumptions about future medical costs, the
combined net effect of which could result in higher net loss reserves.   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            63 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Standard of Care Developments 

 The SEC,
federal and state lawmakers and state insurance regulators continue their
efforts at evaluating what is an appropriate regulatory framework around a
standard of care for the sale of investment products and services. For example,
on April 18, 2018, the SEC proposed a package of rulemakings and
interpretations designed to address the standard of care issues and the
transparency of retail investors’ relationships with investment advisors and
broker-dealers. Additionally, on July 18, 2018, the New York State Department
of Financial Services adopted a best interest standard of care regulation
applicable to annuity and life transactions through issuance of the First
Amendment to Insurance Regulation 187 – Suitability and Best Interests in Life
Insurance and Annuity Transactions (Regulation 187). The compliance date for
Regulation 187 is August 1, 2019 for annuity products and February 1, 2020 for
life products. As amended, Regulation 187 requires producers to act in their
client’s best interest when making point-of-sale and in-force recommendations,
and provide in writing the basis for the recommendation, as well as the facts
and analysis to support the recommendation. The amended regulation also imposes
additional duties on life insurance companies in relation to these
transactions, such as requiring insurers to establish and maintain procedures
designed to prevent financial exploitation and abuse. We will implement and
enhance processes and procedures, where needed, to comply with this regulation.
Other states, such as Nevada, Maryland and New Jersey, have also proposed
similar standard of care regulations applicable to insurance producers and/or
insurance companies. We continue to closely follow these proposals and other
relevant federal and state-level regulatory and legislative developments in
this area. While we cannot predict the long-term impact of these developments
on our Life and Retirement businesses, we believe our diverse product offerings
and distribution relationships position us to compete effectively in this
evolving marketplace. 

 Impact of Currency Volatility 

 Currency
volatility remains acute. Such volatility affected line item components of
income for those businesses with substantial international operations. In particular,
growth trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can differ
significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect on
underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and
expenses are similarly affected.  

 These currencies
may continue to fluctuate, in either direction, especially as a result of the
UK’s announced exit from the EU, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums
written growth trends reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement
line item comparability. 

 General Insurance businesses are transacted in most major foreign
currencies. The following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted
average exchange rates of the Major Currencies, which have the most significant
impact on our businesses:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rate for 1 USD 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Currency: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GBP 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   EUR 
   
  
   0.84 
   
  
   0.90 
   
  
   0.90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   JPY 
   
  
   110.50 
   
  
   112.44 
   
  
   109.19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 Unless
otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the General
Insurance discussion of results of operations are with respect to movements in
the Major Currencies included in the preceding table. 

 Other Industry Developments 

 On
September 7, 2017, the UK Ministry of Justice announced a proposal to increase
the Ogden rate from negative 0.75 percent to between zero and one percent.
Following this announcement, on December 20, 2018 the UK Parliament passed the
Civil Liability Act 2018 which implements a new framework for determining the
Ogden rate and requires the UK Ministry of Justice to start a review of the
Ogden rate within 90 days of its commencement and review periodically
thereafter. The Ministry of Justice concluded a public call for evidence on
January 30, 2019 prior to beginning its first review. We will continue to
monitor the progress of potential changes to the Ogden rate. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 64                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 

 


 The
following section provides a comparative discussion of our Consolidated Results
of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended December 31,
2018. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business are discussed in
more detail within the business segment operations section.  

 For a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates
that affect our results of operations see the Critical Accounting Estimates
section of this MD&A . 

 The following table presents our consolidated results of
operations and other key financial metrics: 

 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,614 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       31,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       34,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,791 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
     
   
  
       49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and
  expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,412 
   
  
     
   
  
       29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
       32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,754 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,386 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,302 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
       10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment
  of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
       (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
       74 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net gain on sale of divested
  businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses
  and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,132 
   
  
     
   
  
       48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  continuing operations before  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
       (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
       636 
   
  
     
   
  
       576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,890 
   
  
     
   
  
       (391) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
       7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
       185 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
       (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  discontinued operations, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net of income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
       4 
   
  
     
   
  
       (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
       (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less: Net income (loss)
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
       28 
   
  
     
   
  
       500 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net loss attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            65 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The following table presents a reconciliation
of pre-tax income/net income (loss) attributable to AIG to adjusted pre-tax
income/adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except
  per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income/net
  income (loss), including 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,063) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (561) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income/net
  income (loss) attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in uncertain tax
  positions and other tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income tax valuation
  allowance charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
 
   
   Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of
  securities used to hedge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   guaranteed living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and
  DAC, VOBA and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SIA related to net realized
  capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
 
   
   Unfavorable (favorable) prior
  year development and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   related amortization changes
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   under retroactive reinsurance
  agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment
  of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   874 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,383 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interest on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Income from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation
  reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss reserve discount
  (benefit) charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related to a
  one-time lump sum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   payment to former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
   Integration and transaction
  costs associated with 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   acquired businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax
  income/Adjusted after-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    income  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   906 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  diluted shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   910.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091.1 
   
  
 
   
   Loss per common share
  attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted after-tax
  income per 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   common share
  attributable to AIG (diluted) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.36 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
all net realized capital gains and losses except earned income (periodic
settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used
for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication. 

 (b)  For
2017 and 2016, because we reported a net loss attributable to AIG common
shareholders from continuing operations, all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive
and are therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted
per share amounts.  However, because we reported adjusted after-tax income, the
calculation of adjusted after-tax income per diluted share includes 22,412,682
dilutive shares and 30,326,772 dilutive shares for 2017 and 2016, respectively. 


 


 

 66                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 pre-tax income
Comparison for 2018 and 2017 

 Pre-tax
income decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to: 

 •     
  lower investment
returns primarily driven by lower hedge fund performance, a decline in income
from fixed maturity securities for which the fair value option was elected compared
to higher returns on this portfolio in 2017 as a result of significant spread
tightening that occurred, losses on our fair value option equities portfolio,
and lower invested assets resulting from the funding of the adverse development
reinsurance agreement with NICO late in the first quarter of 2017; 

 •     
  a net unfavorable adjustment
from the review and update of Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions
compared to a net favorable adjustment in the prior year; and 

 •     
  higher
general operating and other expenses due to the acquisition of Validus,
business growth and continued investments in business platforms. 

 Partially
offset by: 

 •     
  lower
losses incurred from General Insurance operations driven by significantly lower
catastrophe losses and lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve development,
partially offset by higher severe losses; and 

 •     
  lower net
realized capital losses due to: 

 –      Life and Retirement guaranteed living benefits, net of
hedges, which reflected net realized capital gains in 2018 compared to net
realized capital losses in 2017, primarily due to changes in the movement in
the non-performance or “own credit” risk adjustment (NPA), which is not hedged
as part of our economic hedging program (see  Insurance Reserves – Life and
Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging
Results );  

 –      Partially offset by losses on the sale of securities in
2018 due to a decline in the credit and equity markets in the fourth quarter of
2018 compared to gains in the prior year. 

 pre-tax income (loss) Comparison for 2017 and 2016 

 Pre-tax
results increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to: 

 •     
  an increase in General Insurance
Adjusted pre-tax income due to unfavorable prior year loss reserve development
of $1.0 billion in 2017 driven by higher than expected loss emergence in
General Insurance primarily related to accident year 2016 compared to $5.4
billion in 2016, partially offset by higher aggregate pre-tax catastrophe
losses of $4.2 billion, which included losses from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and
Maria, the earthquake in Mexico and the wildfires in California, compared to
catastrophe losses of $1.3 billion in the prior year;  

 •     
  lower general operating and other
expenses reflecting strategic actions to reduce expenses and divestitures of
businesses, including United Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group, Inc. (AIG Advisor
Group), Fuji Life and NSM;  

 •     
  a net favorable adjustment from the
update of Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions compared to a net
unfavorable adjustment in the prior year; 

 •     
  higher Adjusted pre-tax income from the
Legacy Portfolio;  

 •     
  an increase in net investment income
due to higher income on alternative investments, primarily in our hedge fund
portfolio and higher gains on assets for which we elected the fair value
option, which more than offset lower invested assets and blended investment
yields on new investments that were lower than the average yield of our
existing portfolios; and 

 •     
  a decrease in net realized capital
losses reflecting: 

 –      foreign exchange gains in 2017 compared to foreign exchange
losses in the prior year due to $910 million of remeasurement losses for a
short-term intercompany balance in 2016; and 

 –      lower other-than-temporary impairments. 

 Partially offset by: 

 •     
  movement in the NPA, driven by
tightening credit spreads and lower expected GMWB payments due to higher equity
markets, and higher derivative losses from variable annuity GMWB, net of
hedges, including losses from guaranteed living benefit embedded derivatives,
net of hedging, primarily due to a higher net unfavorable adjustment from
updates of actuarial assumptions; and 

 •     
  gains in the prior year on the sale of
a portion of our investment in People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China
Limited and PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our
PICC Investment). 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            67 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The increase in pre-tax results was partially offset by
lower income from divested businesses in 2017 compared to the prior year due to
gains on the sales of United Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group and NSM,
partially offset by losses on the agreements to sell Fuji Life to FWD Group and
certain insurance operations and assets to Fairfax. 

 U.S. Tax Reform Overview 

 On
December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97, known informally as the
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act reduced the statutory rate of
U.S. federal corporate income tax to 21 percent and enacted numerous other
changes impacting AIG and the insurance industry.  At December 31, 2017, we
originally recorded a provisional estimate of income tax effects of the Tax Act
of $6.7 billion, including a tax charge of $6.7 billion attributable to the
reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate and tax benefit of $38 million related
to the deemed repatriation tax. Our provisional estimate of $6.7 billion was
based in part on a reasonable estimate of the effects of the statutory income
tax rate reduction on existing deferred tax balances and of certain provisions
of the Tax Act. We filed our 2017 consolidated U.S. income tax return and have
completed our review of the primary impact of the Tax Act provisions on our
deferred taxes. As a result, we consider the accounting for the effects of the
rate change on deferred tax balances to be complete and no material measurement
period changes were recorded for this item.  

 Changes specific
to the insurance industry include the calculation of insurance tax reserves and
related transition adjustments, amortization of specified policy acquisition
expenses, treatment of separate account dividends received deductions and
computation of pro-ration adjustments.  Provisions of the Tax Act with broader
application include reductions or elimination of deductions for certain items,
e.g., reductions to corporate dividends received deductions, disallowance of
entertainment expenses and limitations on the deduction of certain executive
compensation costs. These provisions, generally, result in an increase in AIG’s
taxable income.     

 The Tax Act
includes provisions for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which
taxes on foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on
tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries and for Base Erosion and
Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under which taxes are imposed on certain base eroding
payments to affiliated foreign companies. There are substantial uncertainties
in the interpretation of BEAT and GILTI and while certain formal guidance was
issued by the U.S. tax authority, there are still aspects of the Tax Act that remain
unclear and additional guidance is either still pending or expected in 2019.
Such guidance may result in changes to the interpretations and assumptions we
made and actions we may take, which may impact amounts recorded with respect to
international provisions of the Tax Act, possibly materially. Consistent with
accounting guidance, we treat BEAT as a period tax charge in the period the tax
is incurred and have made an accounting policy election to treat GILTI taxes in
a similar manner.   

 During
the period ended December 31, 2018, we have completed our review of the impact
of the Tax Act on our forecasts of taxable income, made certain assumptions
related to interpretation of relevant new rules, and incorporated guidance
issued by the U.S. tax authority.  While the prescribed SAB 118 measurement
period has ended, there are still certain aspects of the Tax Act that remain
unclear, including the complex interplay of the new tax rules with the rules
governing the utilization of our tax attributes, and formal guidance from the
U.S. tax authority is still pending. We will continue to review the impact of
any additional guidance issued by the U.S. tax authority on our valuation
allowance analysis in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance.
Accordingly, as of December 31, 2018, we consider the determination of the need
for a valuation allowance related to the Tax Act to be complete based on our
analysis of existing tax law and relevant tax guidance, and no measurement
period adjustment was recorded. 

 Repatriation Assumptions 

 As a result
of the Tax Act, the majority of accumulated foreign earnings that were
previously untaxed are subject to a one-time deemed repatriation tax. Going
forward, foreign earnings not taxed as part of the one-time deemed repatriation
(or otherwise taxed currently under the GILTI or subpart F regimes) will
generally be exempt from U.S. tax upon repatriation. Notwithstanding the
changes, U.S. tax on foreign exchange gain or loss and certain non-U.S.
withholding taxes will continue to be applicable upon future repatriations of
foreign earnings. For 2018, we consider our foreign earnings with respect to
certain operations in Canada, South Africa, the Far East, Latin America,
Bermuda as well as the European, Asia Pacific and Middle East regions to be
indefinitely reinvested. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and have
been reinvested in active business operations. While, following the enactment
of the Tax Act, distributions from foreign affiliates are, generally, not
subject to U.S. income tax, such distributions may be subject to local
withholding taxes. A deferred tax liability of approximately $100 million to
$150 million related to such withholding taxes has not been recorded for those
foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
Deferred taxes, if necessary, have been provided on earnings of non-U.S.
affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested. 

 Deemed Repatriation Tax
& Impact on Liquidity  

 The
Tax Act requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax, net of tax
credits, related to applicable foreign taxes paid, on previously untaxed
current and accumulated earnings and profits of certain of our foreign
subsidiaries. We were able to reasonably estimate the deemed repatriation tax
and originally recorded a provisional estimated tax benefit of $38 million at
December 31, 2017.  
 


 

 68                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 We have completed our review of
post-1986 earnings and profits of our foreign affiliates. Incorporating
additional IRS guidance issued with respect to the deemed repatriation tax, as
well as the relevant basis adjustments, we recognized a measurement period tax
charge of $62 million. The effect of deemed repatriation tax, which has now
been determined to be complete, resulted in a liability of $24 million. 

 INCOME TAX EXPENSE ANALYSIS 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2018 , the effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations was 59.9 percent. The effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate
of 21 percent primarily due to 

 •     
  tax charges of: 

 –      $62 million measurement period adjustment related to the
deemed repatriation tax, 

 –      $48 million net charge primarily related to the accrual of
IRS interest (including interest related to uncertain tax positions), 

 –      $44 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations, 

 –      $21 million of additional U.S. taxes
imposed on income of our foreign subsidiaries under international provisions of
the Tax Act,  

 –      $21 million valuation allowance activity
related to certain foreign subsidiaries and state jurisdictions, and 

 –      $29 million of non-deductible transfer
pricing charges; 

 •     
  partially offset by tax benefits of 

 –      $72 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities, 

 –      $37 million of tax exempt income, and 

 –      $13 million of excess tax deductions related to share based
compensation payments recorded through the income statement. 

 The effect of foreign operations is primarily related to
income and losses in our foreign operations taxed at statutory tax rates
different than 21 percent and foreign income subject to U.S. taxation. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2017,  the
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was not meaningful. The
effective tax rate differs from the 2017 statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to 

 •     
  tax charges of: 

 –      $6.7 billion associated with the enactment of the Tax Act
discussed above,  

 –      $660 million of tax charges and related interest associated
with increases in uncertain tax positions primarily related to cross border
financing transactions and other open tax issues,  

 –      $69 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations,  and  

 –      $35 million of non-deductible transfer pricing charges; 

 •     
  partially offset by tax benefits of: 

 –      $201 million of tax exempt income,  

 –      $184 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities, and 

 –      $40 million of excess tax deductions related to share based
compensation payments recorded through the income statement in accordance with
relevant accounting literature. 

 The effect of foreign operations is primarily related to
losses incurred in our European operations taxed at a statutory tax rate lower
than 35 percent and other foreign taxes.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to 

 •     
  tax charges of: 

 –      $234 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations,   

 –      $216 million of tax and related interest associated with
increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing
transactions,  

 –      $118 million related to disposition of subsidiaries,  

 –      $102 million related to non-deductible transfer pricing
charges, and 

 –      $83 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset
valuation allowances associated with U.S. federal and certain foreign
jurisdictions; 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            69 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 •     
  partially offset by tax benefits of: 

 –      $253 million related to tax exempt income,  

 –      $164 million associated with a portion of the U.S. Life
Insurance companies capital loss carryforwards previously treated as expired
that was restored and utilized,  

 –      $116 million related to the impact of an agreement reached
with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to certain tax issues under
audit, and  

 –      $132 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities.  

 The
effect of foreign operations is primarily related to foreign exchange losses
incurred by our foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British
pound following the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35
percent. 

 For
additional information see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    



 
  



 

 Business Segment Operations 

 


 Our business
operations consist of General Insurance, Life and Retirement, Other Operations,
and a Legacy Portfolio.  

 General
Insurance consists of two operating segments: North America and International.
Life and Retirement consists of four operating segments: Group Retirement,
Individual Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets. Other
Operations consists of businesses and items not allocated to our other
businesses, which are primarily AIG Parent, Blackboard and Fuji Life, which was
sold on April 30, 2017.  Our Legacy Portfolio consists of our Legacy Life and
Retirement Run-Off Lines, Legacy General Insurance Run-Off Lines, and Legacy
Investments. Effective February 2018, Fortitude Re is included in our Legacy
Portfolio. 

 The following table summarizes Adjusted
pre-tax income (loss) from our business segment operations.  See also
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Core business: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (469) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,584) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidations, eliminations and other adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Total Core  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
 










 
 


 

 70                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 

 
  
   
   General
  Insurance  
   
  
 



 General Insurance is managed
by our geographic markets of North America and International.  Our global
presence is reflected in our multinational capabilities to provide our
Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance products within these geographic
markets. 

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 
     
  
    
  
  
 
   

   

   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liability:  Products include general liability,
  environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers’ compensation, excess
  casualty and crisis management insurance products. Casualty also includes
  risk- sharing and other customized structured programs for large corporate
  and multinational customers. 
   Financial Lines:  Products include professional liability
  insurance for a range of businesses and risks, including directors and
  officers liability (D&O), mergers and acquisitions (M&A), fidelity,
  employment practices, fiduciary liability, cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and
  errors and omissions insurance (E&O). 
   Property:  Products include commercial and
  industrial property insurance products and services that cover exposures to
  man-made and natural disasters, including business interruption. 
   Special Risks:  Products include aerospace, political
  risk, trade credit, portfolio solutions, energy-related property insurance
  products, surety, marine and crop insurance. 
   Personal Lines:    Products include personal auto and
  property in selected markets and insurance for high net worth individuals
  offered through AIG Private Client Group (PCG) in the U.S. that covers auto,
  homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections.  In addition, we offer extended warranty insurance
  and services covering electronics, appliances, and HVAC. 
   Accident & Health:  Products include voluntary and
  sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for
  individuals, employees, associations and other organizations, as well as a
  broad range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and
  business travelers. 
     
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   General Insurance products in North America and
  International markets are distributed through various channels, including
  captive and independent agents, brokers, affinity partners, airlines and
  travel agents, and retailers. Our distribution network is aided by our
  competitive position to write multiple-national and cross-border risks in
  both Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Profitable Growth:  Deploy capital
efficiently to act opportunistically and optimize diversity within the
portfolio to grow in profitable lines, geographies and customer segments. 
Look to inorganic growth opportunities in profitable markets and segments to
expand our capabilities and footprint. 

 Reinsurance Optimization:  Strategically partner
with reinsurers to reduce exposure to losses arising from frequency of large
catastrophic events and the severity from individual risk losses. We will
optimize our reinsurance program to manage volatility and protect the balance
sheet from tail events and unpredictable net losses in support of our
profitable growth objectives. 

 Underwriting Excellence:  Empower and increase
accountability of the underwriter and continue to integrate underwriting,
claims and actuarial to enable better decision making.  Focus on enhancing
risk selection, driving consistent underwriting best practices and building
robust monitoring standards to improve underwriting results.  
  

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            71 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 COMPETITION and challenges 

 


 Operating   in a   highly
competitive  industry,   General
Insurance competes   against several
hundred companies,   specialty    insurance organizations, mutual companies
and other underwriting organizations in the   U.S.
In international   markets, we compete
for   business with the   foreign  
 insurance operations of large global insurance groups and local   companies in specific market areas and
product types. Insurance companies compete through a combination of risk
acceptance criteria, product pricing, service and terms and conditions. General
Insurance seeks to distinguish itself in the 
 insurance industry primarily based on its well-established brand, global
franchise, multinational capabilities, financial and capital strength,
innovative products, claims expertise to handle complex claims, expertise in
providing specialized coverages and customer service. 

 We  serve our
business and individual customers on a global basis — from the largest
multinational corporations   to local    businesses and individuals. Our clients benefit from our
substantial underwriting expertise . 

 Our
challenges include:  

 •     
  long-tail Commercial
Lines exposures that create added challenges to pricing and risk management; 

 •     
  over capacity in
certain lines of business that creates downward market pressure on pricing;  

 •     
  tort environment
volatility in certain jurisdictions and lines of business; and 

 •     
  volatility in claims
arising from natural and man-made catastrophes. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a
discussion of the industry and economic factors impacting our operating
segments: 

 

 General Insurance – North America 

 


 Commercial Lines over recent years has
experienced challenging market conditions, with widespread surplus capacity
increasing competition and suppressing rates across multiple classes of
business. However, we are seeing growing market support for rate increases in
certain U.S. liability segments (outside of workers’ compensation), with
increasing traction in excess casualty, D&O and commercial auto, where rates
are supported by a trend of higher loss cost inflation. On the shorter
tailed lines, the market is supporting higher rates for accounts which suffered
losses from major catastrophe events in 2017 and 2018. We continue to achieve
positive rate increases across a number of lines and classes of business as a
result of our disciplined underwriting strategy and focus on risk selection.
Further, we continue to achieve growth in several of our Commercial Lines high
margin businesses, although these market segments remain highly competitive. 

 Personal Insurance growth prospects are supported
by the need for full life cycle products and coverage, increases in personal
wealth accumulation, and awareness of insurance protection and risk management.
We compete in the high net worth market, accident and health insurance, travel
insurance, and warranty services and will continue to expand our innovative
products and services to distribution partners and clients. 

 

 General Insurance – International 

 


 We believe our global presence provides
Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance a distinct competitive advantage, as
the demand for multinational cross-border coverage and services increases due
to the growing number of international customers, while giving us the ability
to respond quickly to local market conditions and build client relationships. 

 The
Commercial Lines market continues to be highly competitive, due to increased
market capacity and ample availability of capital. Despite this, we continue to
grow our most profitable segments and diversify our portfolio across all
regions by expanding into new product lines (e.g. cyber), new client segments
(e.g. middle market) and new distribution channels (e.g. digital and national
brokers) while remaining a market leader in key developed and developing
markets. We are maintaining our underwriting discipline and continuing our risk
selection strategy to improve profitability. 

 Personal
Insurance focuses on individual customers, as well as group and corporate
clients. Although market competition within Personal Insurance has increased,
we continue to benefit from the underwriting quality, portfolio diversity, and
low volatility of the short-tailed risk in these business lines. 

 


 

 72                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 General insurance
RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,388 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,837 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,605) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (469) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   83.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   84.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   117.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   118.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts
  related to prior accident years and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   96.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Consistent
with our definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion
of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have
ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in
amortization of the deferred gain. 

 The following table presents General Insurance net premiums
written by operating segment, showing change on both reported and constant
dollar basis: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America (a)(b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   International (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums
  written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  As
a result of the Validus acquisition, 2018 includes additional Net premiums
written for North America and International of $500 million and $371
million, respectively.  

 (b)  As
a result of the Glatfelter acquisition, 2018 includes additional Net premiums
written for North America of $27 million. 

 (c)  As
a result of the merger of AIUI Japan and Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance Company
(Fuji), Fuji’s fiscal reporting period was conformed to that of AIUI
Japan (Japan Merger Impact). Therefore, 2018 includes approximately $300
million for two additional months of Net premiums written from Fuji. This also
resulted in Fuji’s annual policy renewal period being reported in the second
quarter of 2018 compared to the third quarter of the prior year. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            73 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 The following tables present General
Insurance accident year catastrophes and severe losses by geography (a) 
and number of events: 

 Catastrophes (b) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   # of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,914 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   716 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
 
   
   Volcanic eruptions 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,885 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,387 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   572 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   891 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,163 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   917 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
 



 (a)
Geography:  North America primarily includes
insurance businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda. International
includes insurance businesses in Japan, the United Kingdom, Europe, the Asia
Pacific region, Latin America, Puerto Rico, Australia, the Middle East and
Africa. Geography results are presented before consideration of internal
reinsurance agreements.     

 (b) Natural and
man-made catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a
net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain
man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10
million threshold. 

 (c) Flooding events reported in 2017 are a
subset of windstorm events. 

 Severe Losses (d) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   # of 
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2018 (e) 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   676 
   
  
 
   
   2017 (e) 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   203 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   476 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   433 
   
  
 



 (d)  Severe losses
are defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses, surety losses and
trade credit losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and
salvage and subrogation. 

 (e)  The amounts presented for 2018, are net of
$207 million of recoveries, $96 million in North America and $111 million in
International, under aggregate reinsurance contracts. Eligible incurred losses
under these agreements exceeded the applicable aggregate attachment point in
the third quarter of 2018.  The
amount presented for 2017 is net of $121 million of recoveries, $65 million in
North America and $56 million in International, under an aggregate reinsurance
contract.  Eligible incurred losses under this agreement exceeded the
applicable aggregate attachment point in the fourth quarter of 2017. There were
no aggregate recoveries included in the amounts presented or 2016. 


 


 

 74                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 North America
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   938 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   718 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,440) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   90 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   87.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   112.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   31.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   129.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   139.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts
  related to prior accident years and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   70.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   67.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   96.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   94.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Consistent
with our definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion
of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have
ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in
amortization of the deferred gain. 

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 The
North America General Insurance business is focused on making progress towards
improved underwriting results and efficiencies. This includes strengthening our
talent base; ongoing investment in pricing and monitoring tools; continuous
review of our risk appetite combined with enhanced focus on portfolio
management and individual business strategy; reduction of our gross and net
limits; and increased use of reinsurance. 

 Adjusted
pre-tax loss decreased in the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the
prior year, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses and lower unfavorable
prior year loss reserve development, partially offset by lower net investment
income mainly due to lower investment returns on alternative investments and
higher severe losses.    Net premiums written increased primarily
due to growth in Personal Insurance, lower ceded premiums driven by changes in
the 2018 reinsurance programs and the inclusion of the Validus  acquisition .  

 For further discussion on prior year
loss reserve development see Insurance Reserves. 

   

 For a discussion
of 2018 reinsurance programs see Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition Results of Operation - Enterprise Risk
Management . 

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            75 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Loss 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss decreased primarily due to : 
   •     
    significantly lower
  catastrophe losses; and 
   •     
    lower unfavorable
  prior year loss reserve development. 
   These were partially offset by: 
   •     
    lower investment
  returns on alternative investments, primarily driven by less robust private
  equity and hedge fund performance compared to 2017, and a decline in income
  from securities for which the fair value option was elected as well as lower
  interest and dividends due to lower invested assets resulting from the first quarter
  2017 funding of the adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO; 
   •     
    higher severe losses;
   
   •     
    higher acquisition ratio primarily
  driven by changes in portfolio mix, higher insurance taxes, licenses and
  fees, and changes in the 2018 reinsurance programs; and 
   •     
    higher general operating expenses due
  to the inclusion of the Validus and Glatfelter acquisition; however general
  operating expense ratio decreased slightly. 
     
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   North America Adjusted Pre-Tax Loss 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss decreased primarily due to:  
   •     
    lower unfavorable prior year loss
  reserve development (decrease by $4.9 billion);  
   •     
    lower acquisition expenses driven by
  lower production, the impact of the reinsurance agreement with Swiss Re
  Group, and lower insurance taxes, licenses and fees;  
   •     
    lower general operating expenses
  driven by lower employee-related expenses and other expense reduction
  initiatives; and  
   •     
    higher net investment income
  reflecting higher income on alternative investments and gains on securities
  where we elected the fair value option partially offset by lower interest and
  dividends due to lower invested assets resulting from the first quarter 2017
  funding of the adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO.  
   This decrease
  was partially offset by: 
   •     
    higher severe losses; and  
   •     
    higher catastrophe losses primarily
  driven by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and the California wildfires. 
     
   
  
 



   


 


 

 76                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America Net
  Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Net
  premiums written increased primarily due to: 
   •     
    growth in the Travel
  business within Personal Insurance; 
   •     
    lower ceded premiums
  due to changes in the 2018 reinsurance programs; and 
   •        the  inclusion  of
  the Validus and Glatfelter acquisitions . 
   This increase was partially offset by:  
   •     
    lower production
  primarily in Property, Programs business, and D&O products within
  Financial Lines mainly due to underwriting actions taken to strengthen our
  portfolio and to maintain pricing discipline; and 
   •        exiting of certain businesses in Accident & Health in
  2017 . 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   North America Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Net
  premiums written decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
    lower production primarily in
  Casualty, commercial property within Property, D&O products within
  Financial Lines and programs business due to continued underwriting actions
  to strengthen our portfolio and to maintain pricing discipline; and  
   •        higher ceded premiums related to the additional layer of
  coverage added to the North American catastrophe reinsurance cover for 2017.  
   This decrease was partially offset by:  
   •     
    the growth of PCG business within
  Personal Lines and travel insurance within Accident & Health;  
   •     
    recognition of ceded return premiums
  on our excess of loss reinsurance covers; and 
   •        lower ceded premiums related to the reinsurance
  arrangement with the Swiss Re Group partially offset by lower assumed premium
  from the quota share reinsurance agreement with United Guaranty. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            77 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America
  Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison  
   The
  decrease in the combined ratio reflected a decrease in the loss ratio
  partially offset by an increase in the expense ratio. 
   The
  decrease in the loss ratio reflected:  
   •     
    significantly lower catastrophe
  losses; and 
   •     
    lower unfavorable prior year loss
  reserve development. 
   These
  decreases in the loss ratio were partially offset by a higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven primarily by higher severe
  losses. 
   The
  increase in the expense ratio reflected a higher acquisition ratio primarily
  due to changes in portfolio mix, higher insurance taxes, licenses and fees,
  and changes in the 2018 reinsurance programs. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   North America Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   The
  decrease in the combined ratio reflected a decrease in the loss ratio
  slightly offset by an increase in the expense ratio.  
   
  The decrease in the loss ratio was primarily due to lower prior year
  unfavorable development. Prior year reserve development is net of the losses
  ceded under the NICO reinsurance agreement as well as the amortization of the
  related  deferred gain.   
   
  This decrease in the loss ratio was partially offset by:  
   •     
    higher catastrophe losses primarily
  driven by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and the California wildfires; and
   
   •     
    a slightly elevated current accident
  year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven primarily by higher severe losses and an
  increase in loss estimates in Casualty and Financial Lines reflecting the
  result of 2017 detailed valuation reviews, partially offset by lower current
  accident year losses in Personal Insurance. 
   The
  increase in the expense ratio was primarily due to a higher general operating
  expense ratio primarily driven by a decrease in net premiums earned
  reflecting portfolio optimization, which more than offset expense reductions. 
   
  
 




 


 

 78                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 International
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (824) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   68.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   105.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   107.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts
  related to prior accident years 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   98.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)   
  As a result of the Japan Merger Impact,
2018 includes two additional months of operating earnings increasing Net
premiums written, Net premiums earned, Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred, and Adjusted pre-tax income by approximately $300 million,
$300 million, $200 million and $15 million, respectively. 

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 The
International General Insurance business is focused on underwriting profits and
improved efficiency, further improving underwriting margins, and growing
profitably in segments and geographies that support our growth strategy. This
includes creating operating leverage by improving the expense ratio, a focus on
new business sales in Japan, a strategic review of the use of reinsurance and
leveraging Talbot, International’s newly acquired Lloyd’s of London insurance
syndicate.  

 Adjusted
pre-tax loss decreased in 2018 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to significantly lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve
development, partially offset by higher severe and catastrophe losses and lower
net investment income.  

 For
further discussion on prior year loss reserve development see Insurance
Reserves. 

 Net premiums
written, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, increased primarily due to
the inclusion of the Validus acquisition and business growth, partially offset
by the sale of certain insurance operations and assets to Fairfax. 

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            79 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss decreased primarily due to  significantly lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve
  development. 
   This decrease was partially offset by:  
   •     
    higher catastrophe
  losses;  
   •     
    higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven primarily by higher severe
  losses; and 
   •     
    lower net investment
  income driven by weaker market performance of equity securities for which the
  fair value option was elected, a decrease in alternative investments
  portfolio holdings and lower income from equity method investments. 
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   International Adjusted Pre-Tax Income
  (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss in 2017 compared to adjusted pre-tax income in 2016 was
  primarily due to:  
   •     
    higher catastrophe
  losses primarily driven by hurricanes Maria, Harvey and Irma;  
   •     
    higher prior year
  unfavorable loss reserve development impacted by unfavorable loss emergence
  in Europe Casualty and Property; and 
   •     
    higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe Casualty, partially offset
  by improvements in our Europe and Japan Personal Insurance businesses. 
   These were partially offset by lower general operating
  expenses driven by lower employee-related expenses and other expense
  reduction initiatives. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 80                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International
  Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Net premiums written, excluding the impact of foreign
  exchange, increased due to: 
   •     
    growth in Accident
  & Health and Personal Lines business in Asia Pacific and in the Financial
  Lines business in Europe; 
   •     
    inclusion of the
  Validus acquisition; and 
   •     
    the Japan Merger
  Impact. 
   This increase was partially offset by:  
   •     
    sale of certain
  insurance operations and assets to Fairfax; 
   •     
    lower business
  production in Japan because of delayed product introduction related to the
  Japan Merger Impact and exit from unprofitable distribution channels; 
   •     
    higher ceded premiums
  due to changes in 2018 reinsurance programs; and 
   •     
    lower production
  primarily driven by portfolio remediation efforts. 
     
   . 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   International Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased, excluding the impact of
  foreign exchange,  primarily due to: 
   •     
    the sale of our
  interest in the Ascot business and certain of our insurance operations to 
  Fairfax; and 
   •     
    lower production in
  our Japan business reflecting our focus on profitability combined with a
  competitive market environment. 
   
  
 



   

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            81 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International
  Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018  and 2017 Comparison  
   The decrease in the combined ratio reflected a lower loss
  ratio partially offset by a slightly higher expense ratio. 
   This decrease in the loss ratio was primarily driven by
  significantly lower unfavorable prior year loss reserve development partially
  offset by: 
   •     
    a higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven primarily by higher severe
  losses; and 
   •     
    higher catastrophe
  losses. 
   The slight increase in the expense ratio was primarily
  driven by a higher acquisition ratio mainly due to changes in business mix
  combined with changes in 2018 reinsurance programs. 
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   International Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   The
  increase in the combined ratio reflected a higher loss ratio partially offset
  by a decrease in the expense ratio.  
   The higher loss ratio reflected: 
   •     
    higher catastrophe
  losses primarily driven by hurricanes Maria, Harvey and Irma;  
   •     
    higher prior year unfavorable
  loss reserve development impacted by unfavorable loss emergence in Europe
  Casualty and Property; and  
   •     
    a higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe Casualty driven by an
  increase in loss estimates as a result of 2017 year-end detailed reserve
  valuation reviews slightly offset by lower severe losses and improved current
  accident year performance in Europe and Japan Personal Insurance. 
   The decrease in the expense ratio was primarily due to: 
   •     
    a lower general
  operating expense ratio driven by lower employee-related expenses and other
  expense reduction initiatives; and  
   •     
    a lower acquisition
  ratio driven by the sale of our interest in the Ascot business.  
   
  
 











 


 

 82                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
             

 
  
   
   Life
  and Retirement 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND
  DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Variable
  Annuities:    Products include variable annuities that offer a
  combination of growth potential, death benefit features and income protection
  features.  Variable annuities are distributed primarily through banks,
  wirehouses, and regional and independent broker-dealers.  
   Index Annuities:    Products
  include fixed index annuities that provide growth potential based in part on
  the performance of a market index. Certain fixed index annuity products offer
  optional income protection features. Fixed index annuities are distributed
  primarily through banks, broker dealers, independent marketing organizations
  and independent insurance agents. 
   Fixed
  Annuities:    Products include single premium fixed annuities,
  immediate annuities and deferred income annuities. The Fixed Annuities
  product line maintains its industry-leading position in the U.S. bank
  distribution channel by designing products collaboratively with banks and
  offering an efficient and flexible administration platform. 
   Retail Mutual Funds:    Includes
  our mutual fund sales and related administration and servicing operations .  Retail Mutual Funds
  are distributed primarily through broker-dealers. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Group
  Retirement:    Products   and
  services   include group   mutual funds,   group fixed   annuities,    group variable annuities, individual
  annuity and investment products, and financial planning and  advisory   services. 
   Products and
  services are marketed by The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC)
  under the VALIC brand and include investment offerings and plan administrative
  and compliance services. VALIC career financial advisors and independent
  financial advisors provide retirement plan participants with enrollment
  support and comprehensive financial planning services. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Life
  Insurance:  In the U.S., products
  primarily include term life and universal life insurance distributed through
  independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents, financial
  advisors and direct marketing. International operations include the
  distribution of life and health products in the U.K. and Ireland. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Institutional
  Markets:  Products primarily include
  stable value wrap products, structured settlement and pension risk transfer
  annuities, corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment
  contracts (GICs). Institutional Markets products are primarily distributed
  through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement
  brokers. 
   
  
 



 Federal Home
Loan Bank (FHLB) Funding Agreements  are
issued through our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Institutional
Markets operating segments. Funding agreements are issued by our U.S. Life and
Retirement companies to FHLBs in their respective districts at floating rates
over specified periods, which can be prepaid at our discretion. Proceeds are generally
invested in fixed income securities and other suitable investments to generate
spreads. These investment contracts do not have mortality or morbidity risk and
are similar to GICs. 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              83 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Deliver client-centric solutions through our
unique franchise  by bringing together a
broad portfolio of life insurance , retirement  and institutional products offered through  an extensive, multichannel  distribution
network. Life and Retirement focuses on ease of doing business, offering
valuable solutions, and expanding and deepening its distribution relationships
across multiple channels. 

 Position market leading businesses to serve growing needs  by continually enhancing product solutions, service
delivery and digital capabilities while using data and analytics in an
innovative manner to improve customer experience.    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Individual Retirement    will    continue   to    capitalize    on    the     opportunity   to    meet    consumer    demand  
   for    guaranteed    income    by    maintaining    innovative    variable    and    index  
   annuity    products ,    while    also    managing    risk    from     guarantee   features    through  
   risk-mitigating    product    design  
    and    well-developed   economic    hedging    capabilities.  
   O ur    fixed
   annuity     products   provide    diversity    in    our    annuity  
   product    suite    by    of fering    stable    returns    for    retirement    savings.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group Retirement    continues   to    enhance    its    technology  platform  to    improve   the   customer   experience  for   plan 
   sponsors    and    individual  
   participants.    VALIC’s  
   self-service tools paired with its career financial advisors  provide  a    compelling    service    platform.
  Group Retirement’s strategy also involves providing financial planning
  services for its clients and meeting their need for income in retirement. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Life Insurance  in the U.S. will continue to position itself for growth
  and changing market dynamics while continuing to execute strategies to
  enhance returns. Our focus is on materializing success from a multi-year
  effort of building state-of-the-art platforms and underwriting innovations,
  which are expected to bring process improvements and cost efficiencies.  
   In the U.K., AIG Life
  Insurance will continue to focus on growing the business organically and
  through potential acquisition opportunities . 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Institutional Markets 
  continues to grow its assets under management across multiple product lines,
  including stable value wrap, GICs and pension risk transfer annuities. Our
  growth strategy is opportunistic and allows us to pursue select transactions
  that meet our risk-adjusted return requirements.  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Enhance
Operational Effectiveness  by
simplifying   processes and operating environments  to    increase  competitiveness,    improve    service  
 and    product   capabilities  and  facilitate   delivery   of    our  target    customer  
experience.   W e   continue   to   invest  in technology
to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our distribution
partners and customers.  We   believe
that simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support
further profitable growth. 

 Manage our Balance Sheet  through a rigorous approach to our products and portfolio.
We match our product design and high quality investments with our asset and
liability exposures to maximize our ability to meet cash and liquidity needs
under various operating scenarios. 

 Deliver Value Creation and Manage Capital  by striving to deliver   solid    earnings through   disciplined pricing, sustainable   underwriting    improvements,
expense reductions, and diversification of risk, while optimizing capital
allocation and efficiency within insurance entities   to    enhance   return on equity .  

 


 

 84                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 COMPETITION and
challenges 

 


 Life and
Retirement operates in the highly competitive insurance and financial services
industry in the U.S. and select international markets, competing against
various financial services companies, including banks  and    other    life insurance  and mutual fund companies.   Competition  
 is    primarily  
 based    on    product    pricing    and  
 design,    distribution, financial strength, customer service and ease of
doing business. 

 Our business  remains competitive
due to  its    long-standing   market  leading  
 positions,    innovative    products,    distribution    relationships across multiple channels, customer-focused
service and strong financial ratings. 

 Our
primary challenges include:  

 ·      
  a sustained low interest rate
environment, which makes it difficult to profitably price new products and puts
margin pressure on existing business due to lower reinvestment yields; 

 ·      
  increased competition in our primary
markets, including aggressive pricing of annuities by private equity-backed
annuity writers, increased competition and consolidation of employer groups in
the group retirement planning market, and peers with different profitability
targets in the pension risk transfer space; 

 ·      
  increasingly complex new and proposed
regulatory requirements, which have affected industry growth; and 

 ·      
  upgrading our technology and
underwriting processes while managing general operating expenses. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a discussion of the industry and economic factors
impacting our specific operating segments: 

 

 Individual Retirement 

 


 Increasing
life expectancy and reduced expectations for traditional retirement income from
defined benefit programs and fixed income securities are leading   Americans to seek additional financial
security as they approach retirement.   The
strong demand for individual variable and fixed index annuities with guaranteed
income features has attracted increased competition   in   this  product  space.   In    response    to    the    continued  
low   interest   rate  environment,   which    has    added pressure  to   profit margins, we have developed guaranteed income benefits for
both variable and fixed index annuities with margins that  are less  sensitive    to    the    level
of interest  rates.  

 Changes in
the interest rate environment can have a significant impact on sales, surrender
rates, investment returns, guaranteed income features, and spreads in the
annuity industry.   

 

 Group Retirement 

 


 Group
Retirement competes in the defined contribution market under the  VALIC   brand.   VALIC   is a leading   retirement    plan
provider in  the   U.S.  for    K-12    schools   and  school    districts, higher   education, healthcare, government and   other not-for-profit institutions.   The defined contribution market is a
highly efficient and competitive market that requires support   for   both 
 plan   sponsors  and individual   participants.    T o    meet    this    challenge,    VALIC   is   investing  
 in  a    client-focused    technology    platform  
to   support   improved  compliance   and 
self-service  functionality.   VALIC’s  
service   model   pairs  self-service    tools
with its career financial advisors who provide individual plan participants
with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services.  

 Changes in
the interest rate environment can have a significant impact on investment
returns, guaranteed income features, and spreads, and a moderate impact on
sales and surrender rates.  

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              85 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Life Insurance 

 


 Consumers
have a significant need for life insurance, whether it is used for income
replacement for their surviving family, estate planning or wealth transfer.
Additionally, consumers use life insurance to provide living benefits in case
of chronic, critical or terminal illnesses, and to supplement retirement
income.    

 In response to
consumer needs and a sustained low interest rate environment, our Life
Insurance product portfolio will continue to promote products with lower
long-duration interest rate risk and mitigate exposure to products that have
long-duration interest rate risk through sales levels and hedging strategies.  

 As life
insurance ownership remains at historical lows in the U.S. and the U.K.,
efforts to expand the reach and increase the affordability of life insurance
are critical. The industry is investing in consumer-centric efforts to reduce
traditional barriers to securing life protection by simplifying the sales and service
experience. Digitally enabled processes and tools provide a fast, friendly and
simple path to life insurance protection .  

 

 Institutional Markets 

 


 Institutional
Markets serves a variety of needs for corporate clients. Demand is driven by a
number of factors including the macroeconomic and regulatory environment. We
expect to see continued growth in the pension risk transfer market as corporate
plan sponsors look to transfer asset or liability, longevity, administrative
and operational risks associated with their defined benefit plans.  

 Changes in
the interest rate environment can have a significant impact on investment
returns and net investment spreads, as well as reduce the tax efficiency
associated with institutional life insurance products, dampening organic growth
opportunities.   

 

   

 


 For
additional discussion of the impact of market interest rate movement on our
Life and Retirement business see Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry
and Economic Factors – Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment.  

 

 life and retirement RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,592 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,046 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   953 
   
  
     
   
  
   926 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total adjusted revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
general operating expenses, non-deferrable commissions, other acquisition
expenses, advisory fee expenses and other expenses.  

 Our
insurance companies generate significant revenues from investment activities.
As a result, the operating segments in Life and Retirement are subject to
variances in net investment income on the asset portfolios that support
insurance liabilities and surplus.  

 For
additional information on our investment strategy, asset-liability management
process and invested asset composition see Investments. 


 


 

 86                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Individual
Retirement Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
     
   
  
   767 
   
  
     
   
  
   709 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   643 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   630 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities base net investment spread: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base yield 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.80 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.90 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.74 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities base net investment spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.95 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.15 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.16 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 The
market environment continues to reflect uncertainties in the annuity business
resulting from a sustained low interest rate environment. While interest rates
increased during 2018, rates remain low relative to historical levels. Premiums
and deposits improved in 2018 compared to 2017 but were lower than 2016.
Premiums and deposits in 2018 included deposits from FHLB funding agreements.
Net flows in 2018 deteriorated compared to 2017 and 2016 and continued to be
negative primarily due to higher surrenders and withdrawals, mainly in Retail
Mutual Funds.  

 Excluding
the impact of the review and update of actuarial assumptions, adjusted pre-tax
income decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 and 2016. In 2018 compared to 2017, results
reflect decreased Fixed Annuity base spread income primarily due to lower
reinvestment yields and decreased gains on securities for which the fair value
option was elected, and higher Variable Annuity DAC amortization and reserves
due to lower equity market performance. Partially offsetting these decreases
were higher policy and advisory fees, and increased base spread income for
Index Annuities. In 2017 compared to 2016, results reflected higher gains on
securities for which the fair value option was elected, higher net investment
spread for Indexed Annuities, higher policy fees, and higher returns from
alternative investments. Offsetting these increases were decreased net
investment income due to reduction of the size of the hedge fund portfolio as
well as impact of the sale of the Advisor Group in May 2016 resulting in
decreased advisory fee income, advisory fee expenses, and general operating
expenses. In addition, Fixed Annuities base net investment spread in 2017
declined compared to 2016 primarily due to lower reinvestment yields.  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              87 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Individual
  Retirement Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased
  primarily due to: 
   ·       
    a net unfavorable adjustment from the
  review and update of actuarial assumptions of $52 million in 2018, compared
  to a net favorable adjustment of $242 million in the prior year; 
   ·       
    a decline in net investment income,
  primarily from lower gains on fixed maturity securities for which the fair
  value option was elected when compared to 2017 where returns were higher as a
  result of significant spread tightening that occurred and lower bond call and
  tender income; 
   ·       
    a decline in Fixed Annuity base
  spread income primarily driven by lower reinvestment yields and volumes; and 
   ·       
    higher Variable Annuity DAC
  amortization and reserves due to lower equity market performance. 
   Partially offsetting these decreases
  were:  
   ·       
    higher Index Annuity base portfolio
  income reflecting growth in assets from increased sales; and 
   ·       
    higher policy fees  primarily driven
  by asset growth in Index and Variable Annuities. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 88                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased primarily due to: 
   ·       
    higher net investment income, which
  included higher gains on securities for which the fair value option was
  elected and higher returns on alternative investments, partially offset by a
  reduction in the overall size of the hedge fund portfolio; 
   ·       
    higher base net investment spread
  primarily in Variable and Index Annuities driven by growth in invested
  assets, and disciplined pricing and active crediting rate management; and 
   ·       
    higher policy fees due to growth in
  annuity account values driven by improved equity market performance. 
   Partially offsetting these
  increases were: 
   ·       
    lower net favorable adjustment from
  the review and update of actuarial assumptions which was $242 million in 2017
  compared to $369 million in 2016; 
   ·       
    increases in reserves primarily due
  to additional reserves for guaranteed benefits in 2017 compared to a
  reduction in 2016; 
   ·       
    excluding the impact of actuarial
  assumption updates, higher DAC amortization due to system conversions and
  model refinements, partially offset by a decrease driven by improved equity
  market performance; 
   ·       
    higher commission expense primarily
  due to growth in account values driven by improved equity market performance
  and the allocation of reinsurance risk charges, as all U.S. Life and
  Retirement segments benefited from the reduction in the required statutory
  capital resulting from a reinsurance agreement entered into in 2016 involving
  certain whole life, term life and universal life businesses (life insurance
  reinsurance transactions); and 
   ·       
    the sale of the Advisor Group in May
  2016, which drove the decreases in advisory fee income, advisory expenses and
  general operating expenses, and resulted in a net $13 million decrease in
  adjusted pre-tax income. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              89 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Individual Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Individual Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on
life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums decreased  in 2018 compared to 2017 ,
primarily due to competitive market rates. Premiums decreased in 2017 compared
to 2016, primarily due to strong annuity sales in 2016 driven by higher equity
market volatility, which made immediate annuities more attractive to customers
seeking less volatile returns. 

 Premiums
and deposits  is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts, FHLB funding agreements and mutual
funds under administration .    

 Net
flows for annuity products in Individual Retirement represent premiums and
deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for
mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. Deposits from FHLB funding
agreements were excluded from net flows of Individual Retirement, as net flows
from these funding agreements are not considered part of the metric to measure
Individual Retirement’s core recurring performance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Individual
Retirement GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,898 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,906 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
 



 The following table presents surrenders as a percentage of average
reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders as a
  percentage of average reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   8.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
   6.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 The following table  presents
reserves for Fixed Annuities and Variable and Index Annuities by surrender
charge category : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,036 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,299 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,896 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,037 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,229 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,470 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,244 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,677 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   474 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,557 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,517 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Individual
Retirement annuities are typically subject to a four- to seven-year surrender
charge period, depending on the product. For Fixed Annuities, the proportion of
reserves subject to surrender charge at December 31, 2018 has increased
compared to December 31, 2017 due to improved net flows driven by higher Fixed
Annuity sales, combined with fewer policyholders reaching the end of the
surrender charge period in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase in reserves with
no surrender charge contributed to the increase in the surrender rate for
Variable and Index Annuities  i n 2018 compared to the prior year. Increases in market
interest rates in 2018 contributed to the increase in the surrender rate for
Fixed Annuities in 2018 compared to the prior year. 


 


 

 90                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant variances in
premiums and deposits and net flows for each product line follows: 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums and Deposits (P&D) and Net
  Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison   
   •        Fixed
  Annuities  premiums and deposits increased primarily due to higher broker dealer
  and bank distribution sales driven by favorable market conditions. Net flows
  continued to be negative but improved primarily due to higher premiums and
  deposits, partially offset by increased surrenders. 
   •        Variable
  and Index Annuities  premiums and deposits increased primarily due to higher index
  annuity sales driven by expanded distribution and market growth, partially
  offset by lower variable annuity sales driven by lower bank and broker dealer
  distribution sales. Sales were also positively impacted by easing industry
  uncertainty caused by the DOL Fiduciary Rule, which was vacated in June 2018.
  Index annuity net flows increased primarily due to higher sales but were
  partially offset by increased surrenders. Variable annuity net flows remained
  negative and deteriorated primarily due to lower sales and higher surrenders. 
   •     
    Funding
  Agreements  premiums and
  deposits in 2018 reflected deposits from FHLB funding agreements, which were
  excluded from reported net flows. 
   •     
    Retail
  Mutual Funds  net flows
  remained negative and deteriorated reflecting lower deposits and higher
  withdrawals due to continued negative industry trends in U.S. equity actively
  managed funds and the impact of underperformance within our largest fund. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              91 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums and Deposits
  and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   •     
    Fixed
  Annuities  premiums and
  deposits decreased, primarily due to disciplined pricing in the continued low
  interest rate environment and strong sales in 2016 driven by higher equity
  market volatility, which made fixed annuities more attractive to customers
  seeking less volatile returns. Although premiums and deposits were lower
  compared to 2016, annuity sales in the second half of 2017 improved compared
  to the same period in 2016. Net flows declined and continued to be negative
  reflecting lower premiums and deposits, partially offset by lower surrenders. 
   •     
    Variable
  and Index Annuities  premiums
  and deposits and net flows declined, reflecting a continued decrease in
  variable annuity industry sales due in part to uncertainty around the
  implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule at the time, partially offset by slightly
  higher index annuity sales. Lower premiums and deposits combined with higher
  surrenders resulted in a decrease in net flows. 
   •     
    Retail
  Mutual Funds  had
  negative net flows compared to positive net flows in 2016, reflecting lower
  deposits and higher withdrawals due to negative industry trends in U.S.
  equity actively managed funds and uncertainty surrounding the DOL Fiduciary
  Rule at the time. 
   
  
 




 


 

 92                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Group Retirement
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance
  commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Base net investment
  spread: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base yield 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.73 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.76 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base net investment
  spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.82 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Group
Retirement is focused on implementing initiatives to grow its business.
However, external factors, including increased competition and the
consolidation of healthcare providers and other employers in target markets,
continue to impact Group Retirement’s customer retention. Premiums and deposits
increased in 2018 compared to 2017 and decreased slightly in 2017 compared to
2016. Premiums and deposits in 2018 included deposits from FHLB funding
agreement. Net flows deteriorated in 2018 compared to 2017 and 2016 and
continued to be negative primarily due to higher surrenders, partially offset
by increased premiums and deposits in 2018 and slightly decreased premiums and
deposits in 2017 compared to 2016.  

 Excluding
the impact of the review and update of actuarial assumptions, adjusted pre-tax
income decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to increases in general operating
expenses and higher variable annuity DAC amortization and reserves due to lower
equity market performance partially offset by higher policy fees and net
investment income. Excluding the impact of the review and update of actuarial
assumptions, adjusted pre-tax income increased in 2017 compared to 2016. In 2017,
results reflected higher gains on securities for which the fair value option
was elected, higher returns from alternative investments, increased policy and
advisory fees, and lower general operating expenses. Partially offsetting these
increases were lower base net investment yields partially mitigated by
crediting rate management and a reduction in the overall size of the hedge fund
portfolio.  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              93 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Group
  Retirement Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
    higher general
  operating expenses, which reflected continued investments in people and
  technology, and higher legal expenses; and 
   •     
    higher Variable Annuity
  DAC amortization and reserves due to lower equity market performance. 
   Partially
  offsetting these decreases were:  
   •     
    higher policy and
  advisory fees, net of expenses, primarily driven by growth in assets; and 
   •     
    higher net investment
  income, primarily from the receipt of non-recurring payments on structured
  securities and higher commercial mortgage loan prepayments, partially offset
  by lower gains on fixed maturity securities for which the fair value option
  was elected when compared to 2017 where returns  were higher as a result of
  significant spread tightening that occurred. 
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased primarily due to: 
   •     
    a net favorable
  adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions of $13 million
  in 2017 compared to a $47 million net unfavorable adjustment in 2016; 
   •     
    higher net investment
  income, which included higher gains on securities for which the fair value
  option was elected and higher returns on alternative investments, partially
  offset by a reduction in the overall size of the hedge fund portfolio;  
   •     
    higher policy and
  advisory fees, net of expenses, due to growth in account values driven by
  improved equity market performance; and 
   •     
    lower general
  operating expenses primarily due to reduced legal expenses, partially offset
  by higher spending for implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule . 
   Partially offsetting these increases were: 
   •     
    higher policyholder benefits
  primarily due to increases in reserves for guaranteed benefits; 
   •     
    lower base net investment spread
  primarily due to lower reinvestment yields, partially mitigated by effective
  crediting rate management; and  
   •     
    higher commission expense primarily
  due to the allocation of reinsurance risk charges from life insurance
  reinsurance transactions. 
   
  
 




 


 

 94                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Group Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Group Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on
life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums in 2018, which primarily represent
immediate annuities, increased compared to 2017 and 2016. Overall, premiums is
not a significant driver of the Group Retirement results. 

 Premiums and
deposits is a non‑GAAP financial measure that includes, in addition to
direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity
contracts, FHLB funding agreement and mutual funds under administration.  

 Net flows for
annuity products included in Group Retirement represent premiums and deposits
less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for mutual funds
represent deposits less withdrawals. Deposits from FHLB funding agreement was
excluded from net flows of Group Retirement, as net flows from this funding
agreement is not considered part of the metric to measure Group Retirement’s
core recurring performance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Group Retirement
GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,543 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,550 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
 



 The following table presents Group Retirement surrenders as a percentage
of average reserves and mutual funds under administration: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders as a percentage of
  average reserves and mutual funds 
   
  
   11.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The following table presents reserves for Group Retirement annuities
by surrender charge category: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,006 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   650 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,868 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,270 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,146 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
mutual fund assets under administration of $17.9 billion and $20.2 billion
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 (b)  Group
Retirement amounts in this category include General Account reserves of approximately
$6.3 billion, at December 31, 2018 and 2017, which are subject to 20 percent
annual withdrawal limitations at the participant level and General Account reserves
of $4.7 billion and $4.5 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017 respectively,
which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations at the plan
level. 

 Group
Retirement annuities are typically subject to a five- to seven-year surrender
charge period, depending on  the product.  At  December 31 , 2018,
Group Retirement annuity reserves decreased compared to December 31, 2017
primarily due to a decrease in separate account assets. The surrender rate in
2018 increased compared to 2017 primarily due to higher surrenders, including
approximately $1.6 billion of large plan surrenders. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              95 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant variances in
premiums and deposits and net flows follows: 

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison  
   Net flows deteriorated and continued to be negative
  primarily due to higher surrenders, including approximately $1.6 billion of
  large plan surrenders, partially offset by increased deposits. External
  factors including consolidation of healthcare providers and other employers
  in target markets, continue to impact Group Retirement customer retention. Premiums
  and deposits in 2018 reflected deposits from FHLB funding agreement, which
  were excluded from reported net flows. 
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Net flows declined and continued to be negative primarily
  due to surrenders, including plan surrenders of approximately $460 million.
  In addition, premiums and deposits decreased slightly primarily due to lower
  index annuity sales, partially offset by significantly higher deposits from
  plan acquisitions. 
     
   
  
 




 


 

 96                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Life Insurance
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Life Insurance
is focused on selling profitable new products through strategic channels to
enhance future returns. Results for 2018 reflect growth in universal life
deposits, and growth in term and international life and health premiums, offset
by lower group benefits premiums. Adjusted pre-tax income increased in 2018
compared to 2017 primarily due to higher net investment income driven by growth
in invested assets, favorable mortality, and actuarial reserve and reinsurance
refinements, offset by higher general operating expenses. Adjusted pre-tax
income increased in 2017 compared to 2016 reflecting the impact of favorable
actuarial assumption updates in 2017 compared to net unfavorable adjustments in
2016, improved group benefit results, decreased general operating expenses and
favorable individual life  mortality.  

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income
  increased primarily due to: 
   •        favorable reserve and
  reinsurance refinements; 
   •        higher net investment
  income primarily due to increases in base portfolio income driven by growth
  in invested assets and higher alternative returns; and 
   •        favorable mortality. 
   Partially
  offsetting these increases were: 
   •        a net unfavorable
  adjustment from the annual review and update of actuarial assumptions of $63
  million compared to a net favorable adjustment in the prior year for $29
  million; and  
   •        higher general operating
  expenses primarily due to growth in international life offset by a reduction
  in group benefits expenses. In addition, prior-year general operating
  expenses were reduced by the impact of new business reinsurance. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              97 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased in
  2017 compared to a loss in 2016 primarily due to: 
   •        a net favorable
  adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions of $29 million
  in 2017 compared to a $92 million net unfavorable adjustment in 2016; 
   •        lower commissions and
  general operating expenses primarily due to the strategic decision to refocus
  the group benefits business, partially offset by the allocation of
  reinsurance risk charges from life insurance reinsurance transactions. In
  addition, lower general operating expenses in 2017 reflected the impact of
  new business reinsurance; 
   •        favorable loss
  experience and a reserve reduction in group benefits business; 
   •        favorable mortality
  experience in individual life business; and 
   •        excluding the impact of
  the actuarial assumption updates, lower DAC amortization primarily due to
  lapse assumptions on international life. 
   
  
 



 Life Insurance GAAP Premiums and Premiums and Deposits 

 Premiums for
Life Insurance represent amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies, primarily term life, international life and health and group
benefits. Premiums, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased in 2018
compared to 2017 and 2016. Premiums for 2018 included favorable ceded premium
reinsurance refinements in domestic life business. 

 Premiums and
deposits for Life Insurance is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes
direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life
insurance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life Insurance
GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,419 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   711 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,755 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
 




 


 

 98                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant variances in
premiums and deposits follows: 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Premiums and Deposits  
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Premiums and deposits, excluding the effect of foreign
  exchange, increased in 2018 compared to 2017 and in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily
  due to growth in universal life, term life and international life and health,
  including assumed premiums on business distributed by Laya Healthcare. This
  increase was partially offset by lower group benefits premiums. 
   
  
 



 Institutional markets Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   691 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   247 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   786 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Institutional
Markets continued to opportunistically grow its assets under management, which
drove the increase in net investment spread over recent years. Product
distribution continues to be strong and the business is focused on maintaining
pricing discipline to achieve attractive risk adjusted return.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              99 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Institutional
  Markets Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison  
   Decreases in premiums and policyholder
  benefits were primarily due to pension risk transfer business written in
  2017. Growth in reserves and assets under management drove the increase in
  net investment income with similar impact to policyholder benefits and
  interest credited. 
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased
  primarily due to: 
   •     
    a
  decrease in policy fees due to lower stable value wrap notional amounts; and  
   •     
    higher    general operating expenses  due to
  investment in business growth. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Institutional Markets Adjusted Pre-Tax
  Income  
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison
   
   Increases in premiums and policyholder
  benefits were primarily due to pension risk transfer business written in
  2017. Growth in reserves and assets under management drove the increase in
  net investment income with similar impact to policyholder benefits. 
   Adjusted pre-tax income was comparable to
  2016. 
   
  
 




 


 

 100                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |  Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Institutional
markets GAAP Premiums and Premiums and Deposits 

 Premiums for
Institutional Markets primarily represent amounts received on pension risk
transfer or structured settlement annuities with life contingencies. Premiums
decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 and increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily
driven by the pension risk transfer business written in 2017 .    

 Premiums and
deposits for Institutional Markets is a non-GAAP financial measure that
includes direct premiums as well as deposits received on investment-type
annuity contracts, including GICs and FHLB funding agreements. Deposits
increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to FHLB funding agreements. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional
Markets GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   691 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,434 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,153 
   
  
 



 A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits
follows: 

 
  
   
   Institutional Markets Premiums and Deposits  
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Premiums and deposits decreased in 2018 compared to 2017
  due to lower sales in pension risk transfer and structured settlements, partially
  offset by $1.4 billion in FHLB funding agreements. Premiums and deposits
  increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by higher pension risk
  transfer business, partially offset by lower structured settlement sales.  
   
  
 










 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                              101 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment Operations    |  Other Operations 

   


 
 Other Opera tions 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 The following table presents Other Operations results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) by activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Guaranty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fuji Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Parent and Other: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate general operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (726) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (769) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (666) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (968) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (983) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   289 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Parent and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,584) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,448) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss before eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,584) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation, eliminations and other adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,525) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,330) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 2018 and 2017 Comparison 

 Parent and Other adjusted
pre-tax loss increased compared to the prior year as a result of higher
interest expense due to debt issuances totaling $2.5 billion at the end of the
first quarter of 2018 and decreases in other income as a result of lower income
on securities for which we elected the fair value option and available for sale
investments. The pre-tax loss increase was partially offset by declines in
general operating expenses related to one time payments for executive
leadership in 2017. 

 Fuji Life was
sold on April 30, 2017. 

 2017 and 2016 Comparison 

 Adjusted pre-tax
loss increased primarily due to the sale of United Guaranty during the fourth
quarter of 2016.  

 Parent and Other
adjusted pre-tax loss decreased as a result of  gains
on securities for which we elected the fair value option , partially offset by higher general operating expenses
related to one time payments for executive leadership changes in 2017 . 

 Fuji Life
adjusted pre-tax results increased primarily as a result of increases in
underwriting income as a result of new products launched during 2016 as well as
growth within existing product lines. Fuji Life was sold on April 30, 2017. 



 
  



 


 

 102                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 Legacy Por tfolio 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Legacy
Portfolio represents exited or discontinued product lines, policy forms or
distribution channels. Effective February 2018, our Bermuda-domiciled composite
reinsurer, Fortitude Re, formerly known as DSA Reinsurance Company, Ltd. is
included in our Legacy Portfolio. 

 ·      
  Legacy Life and
Retirement Run-Off Lines -  Reserves
consist of certain structured settlements, pension risk transfer annuities and
single premium immediate annuities written prior to April 2012. Also includes
exposures to whole life, long-term care and exited accident & health
product lines. 

 ·      
  Legacy General
Insurance Run-Off Lines -  Reserves consist
of excess workers’ compensation, environmental exposures and exposures to other
products within General Insurance that are no longer actively marketed.   Also includes the remaining reserves in Eaglestone
Reinsurance Company (Eaglestone).   

 ·      
  Legacy Investments –  Includes investment classes that we have placed into
run-off including holdings in direct investments as well as investments in
global capital markets and global real estate. 

 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 For
Legacy insurance lines, securing the interests of our policyholders and
insureds is paramount. We have considered and continue to evaluate the
following strategies for these lines: 

 •     
  Third-party and affiliated reinsurance
and retrocessions to improve capital efficiency 

 •     
  Commutations of assumed reinsurance and
direct policy buy-backs 

 •     
  Enhance insured policyholder options
and claims resolution strategies 

 •     
  Enhanced asset liability management and
expense management 

 For
Legacy investments, our business strategy is to maximize liquidity to AIG
Parent and minimize book value impairments while sourcing for our insurance
companies attractive assets for their portfolios. 

 SALE OF NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST IN FORTITUDE  

 Fortitude
Re was established during the first quarter of 2018 in connection with a series
of affiliated reinsurance transactions related to our Legacy Portfolio. Those
reinsurance transactions were designed to consolidate most of our Legacy
Insurance Run-Off Lines into a single legal entity. As of December 31, 2018,
the affiliated transactions included the cession of approximately $31 billion
of reserves from our Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and approximately
$4 billion of reserves from our Legacy General Insurance Run-Off Lines related
to business written by multiple wholly-owned AIG subsidiaries. In the second
quarter of 2018, we formed Fortitude Holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
AIG, to act as a holding company for Fortitude Re. 

 On
November 13, 2018, we completed the sale of a 19.9 percent ownership interest
in Fortitude Holdings to TCG, an affiliate of The Carlyle Group L.P. (Carlyle) (the
Fortitude Re Closing). Fortitude Holdings owns 100 percent of the outstanding
common shares of Fortitude Re and AIG has an 80.1 percent ownership interest in
Fortitude Holdings. 

 Subject to certain adjustments specified in the Purchase Agreement, we
will receive total consideration of approximately $476 million, which is based
on Fortitude Re’s total shareholder’s equity of $2.9 billion as of March 31,
2018 excluding planned distributions that the parties will seek to cause to be
paid to us on a non-pro rata basis prior to the end of the 18th month following
the Fortitude Re Closing, subject to regulatory approvals (the Target
Distribution). $381 million of the purchase price was paid at the Fortitude Re
Closing and up to $95 million will be paid following December 31, 2023 (the
Deferred Payment), subject to the purchase price adjustment described below. To
the extent we do not receive all or a portion of the Target Distribution within
18 months of the Fortitude Re Closing, TCG will pay us up to an additional $100
million.   

  As part of the establishment of Fortitude Re, we implemented a capital
maintenance agreement (CMA) with Fortitude Re that remains in effect so long as
we own at least 50 percent of Fortitude Re. If there are any CMA funding
obligations that occur within 18 months of the Fortitude Re Closing, we will
fund those obligations on a non-dilutive basis to TCG, but only if, and to the
extent, we actually receive the Target Distribution prior to the expiration of
such period.   

 The affiliated reinsurance transactions executed in the first quarter of
2018 with Fortitude Re resulted in prepaid insurance assets on the ceding
subsidiaries’ balance sheets of approximately $2.5 billion (after-tax). These
assets have been eliminated in AIG’s consolidated financial statements since
the counterparties were wholly owned. In the event of a sale of a controlling
interest in  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            103 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 Fortitude Holdings, our Legacy Portfolio
may recognize a loss for the portion of the unamortized balance of these assets
and related deferred acquisition costs of $0.5 billion (after-tax) that are not
recoverable, if any, in the period in which our interest in Fortitude Holdings
becomes non-controlling. This loss would be incremental to any gain or loss
recognized on the sale of our controlling interest in Fortitude Holdings. 

 We have also agreed to a post-closing purchase price adjustment wherein
we will reimburse TCG for certain changes in property casualty related
reserves, based on an agreed methodology, that occurs on or prior to December
31, 2023, up to the value of TCG’s investment in Fortitude Holdings. Any amount
due to TCG in respect of this will be offset by the amount of the Deferred
Payment otherwise due from TCG to us. 

 In connection with the sale, we agreed to certain investment commitment
targets into various Carlyle strategies and to certain minimum investment
management fee payments within thirty-six months following the closing.  We
also will be required to pay a proportionate amount of an agreed make-whole fee
to the extent we fail to satisfy such investment commitment targets. 

 As contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, we, Fortitude Holdings and TCG
entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating
Agreement of Fortitude Holdings, governing the rights of the parties thereto.
In addition, Fortitude Re and certain of our U.S. based insurance subsidiaries
entered into (1) Investment Management Agreements with an affiliate of TCG (the
Investment Manager), pursuant to which the Investment Manager will provide
certain investment management and advisory services with respect to certain
asset classes and (2) Fortitude Re entered into an Exclusivity Agreement with
TCG pursuant to which the Investment Manager will be the exclusive provider of
investment management and advisory services with respect to certain new
business acquired by Fortitude Re following the Fortitude Re Closing with
respect to certain asset classes.  For additional information relating to the
sale of a 19.9 percent ownership interest in Fortitude Holdings, see Note 1 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 LEGACY PORTFOLIO RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  vs. 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   480 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   590 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   674 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   888 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total adjusted revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses and loss adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   484 
   
  
     
   
  
   502 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits and
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income
  by type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance Run-Off Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (237) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement Run-Off
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 




 


 

 104                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 Business and
Financial Highlights 

 In
February 2018, we used $2.6 billion of existing Legacy Portfolio cash and
investment assets to capitalize Fortitude Re in order to enable it to assume
insurance risk and other economic risk from U.S. and Bermudian insurance
companies. These assets included approximately $1.6 billion of capital released
by Eaglestone, an affiliated entity, to AIG Parent as a result of the
commutation of certain property and casualty risks from other AIG subsidiaries,
which were subsequently ceded to Fortitude Re. Fortitude Re also has additional
eligible regulatory capital under the Bermuda Monetary Authority capital
framework in the form of $550 million in letter of credit agreements with
guarantees from AIG Parent. In 2018, Fortitude Re disbursed $444 million
of tax sharing payments to AIG Parent. 

 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2018 and 2017 Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased due to:  
   
    lower
       Legacy Life and Retirement earnings compared to 2017 due to lower net
       investment income and loss recognition from the update to actuarial
       assumptions in 2018 of $105 million mainly attributable to higher claims
       costs on the cancer products portfolio; 
     lower
       Legacy General Insurance earnings compared to 2017 due to lower net
       investment income, Japanese catastrophe losses in 2018 and a change  in
       premium earning patterns on certain environmental business in 2018; and  
    Legacy
       Investment earnings compared to 2017 due to continued dispositions of
       non- insurance investment assets, primarily driven by the sale of the
       life settlements portfolio in 2017 and lower gain on fair value option
       portfolios in 2018 
   
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased due to:   
   ·          increased Legacy Life and Retirement
  adjusted pre-tax income due to the absence of any significant loss
  recognition on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial
  assumptions in 2017 compared to 2016. Loss recognition from the update to
  actuarial assumptions in 2017 was $14 million mainly attributable to the
  Long-Term Care portfolio; 
   ·          increased Legacy General Insurance
  adjusted pre-tax income due to the absence of any significant prior year
  development in 2017 compared to 2016. 
   This increase was partially offset by decreased Legacy
  Investment adjusted pre-tax income in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by the
  decreased value of the remaining Legacy Investment portfolio post-sales. 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            105 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Overview 

 Our
investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each
operating unit. The investment objectives are driven by the respective
operating segments and AIG Parent. The primary objectives are generation of
investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of
surplus to support the insurance products. The majority of assets backing our
insurance liabilities consist of fixed maturity securities. 

 
  
   
   Investment Highlights in 2018 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    A rise in interest rates and widening
  credit spreads, as well as the adoption of the Recognition and Measurement of
  Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Standard  (Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
  Standard)  on January 1, 2018, which resulted
  in the reclassification of unrealized gains in our equity securities to
  retained earnings, and in a net unrealized loss in our investment portfolio. 
  Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio decreased to
  approximately $3.6 billion as of December 31, 2018 from approximately $13.9
  billion as of December 31, 2017. 
   ·           
    We continued to make investments in
  structured securities and other fixed maturity securities and increased
  lending activities in mortgage loans with favorable risk compared to return
  characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income. 
   ·           
    Lower investment returns in our hedge
  fund portfolio and a decline in income from fixed maturity securities for
  which the fair value option was elected when compared  to 2017 where returns
  were higher as a result of significant spread tightening that occurred, as
  well as negative performance of our fair value option equity securities
  portfolio. 
   ·           
    During 2018, we reduced our hedge
  fund portfolio by approximately $1.8 billion as a result of redemptions
  consistent with our planned reduction of exposure. 
   ·           
    Blended investment yields on new
  investments were lower than blended rates on investments that were sold,
  matured or called.  
   ·           
    In the first quarter of 2018, we sold
  our remaining interest in Arch, which we received as part of the
  consideration for selling United Guaranty to Arch in 2016. 
   ·           
    Our acquisition of Validus closed in
  the third quarter of 2018 and our acquisition of Glatfelter closed during the
  fourth quarter of 2018, increasing our investment portfolio by approximately
  $6.6 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively. 
   ·           
    We agreed to sell certain private
  equity funds in our portfolio during the second half of 2018.  
   
  
 



 Investment Strategies  

 Investment
strategies are based on considerations that include the local and general
market conditions, liability duration and cash flow characteristics, rating
agency and regulatory capital considerations, legal investment limitations, tax
optimization and diversification. 

 Some
of our key investment strategies are as follows: 

 •    
  Fixed maturity securities held by the
U.S. insurance companies included in General Insurance consist of a mix of
instruments that meet our current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality
and diversification objectives. 

 •    
  Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity
securities held by General Insurance companies consist primarily of high-grade
securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we
operate.  

 •    
  Our fundamental strategy across all of
our investment portfolios is to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets
within a target range based on comparable liability characteristics, to the
extent practicable.  

 •    
  AIG Parent, included in Other
Operations, actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products,
counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are held primarily
in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities. Based upon an assessment of
its immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent purchases publicly
traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be readily
monetized through sales or repurchase agreements. These securities allow us to
diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of maintaining
sufficient liquidity. 


 


 

 106                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Attribution of
Net Investment Income to Operating Segments 

 Net
investment income is attributed to our businesses based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses. 

 For General Insurance — North America and International and
Legacy General Insurance Run-Off Lines, we estimate investable funds based
primarily on loss reserves and unearned premiums. The allocation of net
investment income of the General Insurance companies to segments is calculated
based on these estimated investable funds, consistent with the approximate
duration of the liabilities and the required economic capital allocation for
each segment 

 For Life and Retirement — Individual Retirement, Group
Retirement, Life Insurance, and Institutional Markets and Legacy Life and
Retirement Run-Off Lines, net investment income is attributed based on invested
assets from segregated product line portfolios held in our Life and Retirement
companies. All invested assets of the Life and Retirement companies in excess
of liabilities are allocated based on estimates of required economic capital
allocation for each segment. 

 Asset Liability Measurement 

 For
the General Insurance companies, the duration of liabilities for long-tail
casualty lines is greater than that of other lines. As a result, the investment
strategy within the General Insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus
and preservation of capital, subject to liability and other business
considerations. 

 The General
Insurance companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies and also invest in
structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and
commercial real estate and commercial mortgage loans. While invested assets
backing reserves of the General Insurance companies are primarily invested in
conventional fixed maturity securities, we have continued to allocate a portion
of our investment activity into asset classes that offer higher yields,
particularly in the domestic operations. In addition, we continue to invest in
both fixed rate and floating rate asset-backed investments for their
risk-return attributes, as well as to manage our exposure to potential changes
in interest rates. This asset diversification has maintained stable average
yields while the overall credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities were
largely unchanged. We expect to continue to pursue this investment strategy to
meet the General Insurance companies’ liquidity, duration and credit quality
objectives as well as current risk‑return and tax objectives. 

 In addition, a
portion of the surplus of General Insurance is invested in a diversified
portfolio of alternative investments which seeks to balance liquidity,
volatility and growth. Although these alternative investments are subject to
periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved yields in
excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have provided added diversification
to the broader portfolio.   

 Fixed maturity
securities of the General Insurance companies’ domestic operations, with an
average duration of 3.8 years, are currently comprised of corporate bonds,
structured securities, taxable municipal bonds and government and agency bonds
as well as tax-exempt securities, which provide attractive risk-adjusted
after-tax returns. The majority of these high quality investments are rated A or
higher based on composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
securities held in the General Insurance companies’ foreign operations are of
high quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings, with an
average duration of 3.3 years. 

 The
investment strategy of the Life and Retirement companies is to maximize net
investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity requirements,
capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
management and available investment opportunities. 

 The Life and
Retirement companies use asset‑liability management as a primary tool to
monitor and manage risk in their businesses. The Life and Retirement companies'
fundamental investment strategy is to maintain a diversified, high to medium
quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities that, to the extent practicable,
complements the characteristics of liabilities, including duration, which is a
measure of sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The investment portfolio
of each product line is tailored to the specific characteristics of its
insurance liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter in
duration and others are longer in duration.  An extended low interest rate
environment may result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial
estimates, primarily due to lower lapses, which may require us to further
extend the duration of the investment portfolio.  

 The Life and
Retirement companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured
securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial
real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. 

 In addition, the
Life  and Retirement  companies seek to enhance returns through investments in a
diversified portfolio of alternative investments.  Although
these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations,
they have historically achieved  
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            107 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 yields in excess of
the fixed maturity portfolio yields.  While a diversified portfolio of
alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the investment
strategy of the Life  and Retirement  companies, we have reduced the overall size of
the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market conditions and perceived
market opportunities, and to continue reducing the size of the private equity
portfolio.  

 Fixed maturity
securities of the Life and Retirement companies domestic operations, with an
average duration of 7.0 years, are comprised primarily of taxable corporate
bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds, and agency and non‑agency
structured securities. The majority of these investments are held in the
available for sale portfolio and are rated investment grade based on its
composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
securities held in the Life and Retirement companies foreign operations are of
high quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings, with an
average duration of 17.0 years. 

 NAIC Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 

 The Securities
Valuation Office (SVO) of the National Association of Insurance Companies
(NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S. insurers for statutory reporting
purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six categories called
‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC Designations of ‘1’ highest quality, or
‘2’ high quality, include fixed maturity securities considered investment
grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’ through ‘6’ generally include fixed
maturity securities referred to as below investment grade.   The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for
certain structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are
intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured
securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better
determine the appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities. 
These methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of U.S.  Insurance Companies  fixed
maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the distribution by
composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three
major rating agencies.     

 For
a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings see   Credit Ratings .  

 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio
categorized by NAIC Designation, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NAIC Designation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   151,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,523 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,895 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,495 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166,413 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,512 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   412 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,763 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,762 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   218,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,214 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,746 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,176 
   
  
 



 *    
Excludes $2.6 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC
Designation is available because they are held in legal entities within U.S.
Insurance Companies that do not require a statutory filing. 

 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio
categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   CCC and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Composite AIG Credit Rating 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA/AA/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   BB 
   
  
     
   
  
   B 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lower 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,798 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   152,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,174 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166,413 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,763 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   206,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,038 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,176 
   
  
 



 *    
 Excludes $2.6 billion of fixed maturity
securities for which no NAIC Designation is available because they are held in
legal entities within U.S. Insurance Companies that do not require a statutory
filing. 

 Credit
Ratings 

 At December
31, 2018, approximately 88 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held
by our domestic entities. Approximately 17 percent of these securities were
rated AAA by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and approximately
15 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated. Our investment
decision process relies primarily on internally generated fundamental analysis
and internal risk ratings. Third-party rating services’ ratings and opinions
provide one source of independent perspective for consideration in the internal
analysis. 


 


 

 108                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (Moody’s), Standard &
Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. (S&P),
or similar foreign rating services rate a significant portion of our foreign
entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio. Rating services are not
available for some foreign-issued securities. Our Credit Risk Management
department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio’s
non-rated fixed maturity securities. At December 31, 2018, approximately 24
percent of such investments were either rated AAA or, on the basis of our
internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated
AAA, and approximately 7 percent were below investment grade or not rated.
Approximately 28 percent of the foreign entities’ fixed maturity
securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities
supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance. 

 Composite AIG Credit Ratings 

 With
respect to our fixed maturity securities, the credit ratings in the table below
and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a composite of the ratings of the
three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the
rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent of total fixed maturity securities),
or (b) our equivalent internal ratings when these investments have not
been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the NAIC.  The
“Non-rated” category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that
have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the NAIC or us.  

 For a
discussion of credit risks associated with Investments see Enterprise Risk
Management. 

 The following table presents the composite AIG credit ratings of
our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair value:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Available
  for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,300 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,872 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,772 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,049 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,498 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,794 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,564 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,636 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69,864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,774 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,511 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,511 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,190 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,333 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,333 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,381 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175,903 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   481 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,124 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   911 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,930 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,768 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,964 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,760 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,254 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,142 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,414 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,577 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,923 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,194 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,096 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,198 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,861 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,424 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,785 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   822 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40,802 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,540 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,809 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48,752 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54,936 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,622 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,050 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   452 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74,074 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,351 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,434 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,096 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,530 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,388 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,519 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,125 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,764 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            109 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Available‑for‑Sale
Investments 

 The
following table presents the fair value of our available‑for‑sale
securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and
  government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed,
  asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities
  available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,700 
   
  
 



  (a) At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by
us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $28.8 billion and
$31.5 billion, respectively. 

 (b) 
As a result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and
Measurement Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer
classified and accounted for as available for sale securities. 

    

 The following table presents the fair value
of our aggregate credit exposures to non-U.S. governments for our fixed
maturity securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,791 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,038 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   923 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   518 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
 
   
   United Arab Emirates 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
 
   
   Indonesia 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
 
   
   Mexico 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,191 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,716 
   
  
 




 


 

 110                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the fair value of our aggregate European credit exposures by
major sector for our fixed maturity securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sovereign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Institution 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporates 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Euro-Zone countries: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   905 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,169 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,803 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   518 
   
  
     
   
  
   894 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,868 
   
  
 
   
   Ireland 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,071 
   
  
 
   
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,216 
   
  
 
   
   Spain 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   810 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
 
   
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
 
   
   Luxembourg 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
 
   
   Finland 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Austria 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Other - EuroZone 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   929 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,013 
   
  
 
   
   Total Euro-Zone 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,193 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,479 
   
  
 
   
   Remainder of Europe: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,601 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,139 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,975 
   
  
 
   
   Switzerland 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
 
   
   Sweden 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
   618 
   
  
 
   
   Russian Federation 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   Other - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
 
   
   Total - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,567 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,601 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,865 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,121 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,416 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,600 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            111 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
Municipal Bonds 

 At  December 31, 2018,  the
U.S. municipal bond portfolio was composed primarily of essential service
revenue bonds and high-quality tax-exempt bonds with 91 percent of the
portfolio rated A or higher. 

 The following table presents the fair values of our available for
sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   Local 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Fair Value 
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   439 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,562 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,813 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,275 
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   579 
   
  
     
   
  
   957 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   757 
   
  
     
   
  
   979 
   
  
     
   
  
   908 
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   811 
   
  
     
   
  
   966 
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   575 
   
  
 
   
   Washington 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   650 
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
 
   
   Washington D.C. 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
 
   
   All other states (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,550 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b)(c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,011 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
 



 (a)  We
did not have material credit exposure to the government of Puerto Rico. 

 (b)  Excludes
certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the
corporate debt market. Includes industrial revenue bonds. 

 (c)  Includes
$367 million of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 


 


 

 112                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
Corporate Debt Securities 

 The following table presents the industry categories of our
available for sale corporate debt securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry Category 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial institutions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Money Center/Global Bank Groups 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,602 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,295 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — other 
   
  
     
   
  
   630 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,603 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Securities firms and other finance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Insurance non-life 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,893 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,320 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other financial institutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,966 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,906 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,655 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Communications 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,756 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer noncyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,873 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital goods 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,797 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Energy 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer cyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,166 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,123 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,670 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   130,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    At
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, approximately 89 and 91 percent
of these investments were rated investment grade. 

 Our
investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in
available-for-sale fixed maturities, was 5.4 percent and 5.5 percent at
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. While the energy
investments are primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the
category continues to experience volatility that could adversely affect credit
quality and fair value. 

 Investments in RMBS 

 The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Agency RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,695 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,002 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,624 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,982 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,947 
   
  
 
   
   Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891 
   
  
 
   
   Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   709 
   
  
     
   
  
   770 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS (a)(b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
approximately $10.3 billion and $12.3 billion at December 31, 2018, and
December 31, 2017, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced
deterioration in credit quality since their origination.  For additional
discussion on Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities see  Note 6 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (b)  The
weighted average expected life was seven years at December 31, 2018 and six
years at December 31, 2017.  

 Our
underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other asset‑backed
securities (ABS) and CDOs take into consideration the quality of the
originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            113 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
CMBS 

 The following table presents our CMBS available for sale
securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value
  at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS (traditional) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,975 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,092 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,701 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
 



 The
fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout 2018. The majority of
our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain substantial protection
features through collateral subordination. The majority of CMBS holdings are
traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and
geographical areas. 

 Investments in CDOs 

 The following table presents our CDO available for sale securities
by collateral type:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Collateral Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bank loans (CLO) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,112 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,220 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,206 
   
  
 



 Commercial Mortgage Loans 

 At
December 31, 2018, we had direct commercial mortgage loan exposure of $32.9
billion. All commercial mortgage loans were current or performing according to
their restructured terms. 

 The following table presents the commercial mortgage loan exposure
by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,082 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,096 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   283 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,017 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
   444 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   952 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   567 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   740 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Washington D.C. 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,291 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
   717 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,278 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   764 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,074 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,523 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,882 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 




 


 

 114                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,673 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   556 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,492 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,312 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,153 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   746 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Washington D.C. 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,640 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   821 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,823 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Does
not reflect allowance for credit losses. 

 For
additional discussion on commercial mortgage loans see Note 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Impairments 

 The following table presents impairments by investment type: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary Impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities, available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   480 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities, available for sale (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity funds and hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
   Other impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
 
   
      Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   701 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
 



 (a)            Upon the adoption of the
Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard on January 1, 2018,
equity securities are no longer required to be evaluated for
other-than-temporary impairments. 

 (b) Impairments include $360 million
related to investments in our life settlements portfolio that were sold in
2017. 

 Our
investments in life settlements are monitored for impairment on a
contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life settlements is
considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected
proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated future carrying
amount. This amount is defined as the current carrying amount for the
investment in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums
and other capitalizable future costs, if any. Impaired investments in life
settlements are written down to their estimated fair value. This is determined
on a discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality
assumptions and market yields or by repricing to the anticipated sale price as
appropriate. 

 Impairments
on life settlements in 2016 were partially attributable to an increase in
policy premiums required to keep policies in force which resulted in lower future
expected net cash flows that were insufficient to recover our net investment on
certain policies. Impairments on life settlements in 2017 were mainly
attributable to write-downs of the policies to the purchase price as agreed in
the sale of the life settlements portfolio. We sold the remaining portion of
our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            115 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments 

 To
determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use fundamental credit analyses
of individual securities without regard to rating agency ratings. Based on this
analysis, we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to cover the amortized
cost of all below investment grade securities for which credit impairments were
not recognized. 

 The following tables present other-than-temporary impairment
charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities, equity securities,
private equity funds and hedge funds. 

 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type and
impairment type:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other
  Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested
  Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31,
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   559 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
other-than-temporary impairment charges on private equity funds, hedge funds
and direct private equity investments. Upon the adoption of the Financial
Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard on January 1, 2018, equity
securities are no longer required to be evaluated for other-than-temporary
impairments. 

 We recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges in the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 related to: 

 •     
  issuer-specific credit
events;  

 •     
  securities that we
intend to sell or for which it is more likely than not that we will be required
to sell; 

 •     
  declines due to foreign
exchange rates;  

 •     
  adverse changes in
estimated cash flows on certain structured securities; and 

 •     
  securities that
experienced severe market valuation declines. 

 In
addition, impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life
settlements. 

 In periods
subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for
available for sale fixed maturity securities that is not foreign-exchange
related, we generally prospectively accrete into earnings the difference
between the new amortized cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value
over the remaining life of the security. The accretion that was recognized for
these securities in earnings was $530 million in 2018, $669 million in 2017 and
$767 million in 2016.  

 For a
discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy see   Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements .  


 


 

 116                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following table shows the aging of the
pre-tax unrealized losses of fixed maturity securities, the extent to which the
fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of respective
items in each category: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Less Than or Equal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 20% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 50% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   to 20% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to 50% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   Aging (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e)
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss (d)
   
   
  
   Items (e)
   
   
  
 
   
   Investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,559 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   839 
   
  
   5,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   872 
   
  
   5,126 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,210 
   
  
   3,633 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
   3,645 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
   4,381 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,860 
   
  
   4,423 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,199 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,781 
   
  
   13,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   753 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   181 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,978 
   
  
   13,194 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   grade bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259 
   
  
   2,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   157 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   438 
   
  
   2,352 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
   591 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,544 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
   626 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
   650 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,366 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
   704 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,879 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   531 
   
  
   3,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   791 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,745 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   830 
   
  
   3,682 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,903 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
   7,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   563 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   186 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,495 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
   7,478 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,303 
   
  
   4,224 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,984 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
   4,271 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
   5,031 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,129 
   
  
   5,127 
   
  
 
   
   Total (e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,312 
   
  
   16,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,808 
   
  
   16,876 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
the number of consecutive months that fair value has been less than cost by any
amount. 

 (b)  Represents
the percentage by which fair value is less than cost at December 31, 2018. 

 (c)  For
bonds, represents amortized cost. 

 (d)  The
effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon
realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in
the amortization of certain DAC. 

 (e)  Item
count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 

 Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments  

 The change in
net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2018 was primarily
attributable to decreases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2018, net unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities decreased by
$9.9 billion due primarily to an increase in rates and a widening of credit
spreads.  

 The
change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2017 was primarily
attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2017, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities
increased by $4.3 billion due primarily to a decrease in rates and a narrowing
of credit spreads.  

 For further
discussion of our investment portfolio see also Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            117 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Net Realized
Capital Gains and Losses 

 The following table presents the components of Net realized
capital losses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
 
   
   All other derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on sale of private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 



 (a)  In
2016, includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC
Investment) . 

 (b)  In
2018, primarily includes $96 million and $49 million of realized gains on the
sale of shares of OneMain Holdings, Inc. and an investment in Castle Holdings
LLC’s aircraft assets, respectively.  In  2016, primarily includes $107
million of realized gains due to a purchase price adjustment on the sale of
Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and losses of $253 million from
the sale of a portion of our Life Settlements portfolio.           

 Net
realized capital losses in 2018 decreased compared to 2017 due primarily to
derivative gains in 2018 compared to derivative losses in 2017. Net realized
capital losses in 2018 were primarily related to a loss on the sale of a
portion of our private equity portfolio, foreign exchange losses, and
other-than-temporary impairment charges, which more than offset derivative
gains. 

 Net realized capital losses decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due
primarily to foreign exchange gains in 2017 compared to losses in the prior
year and lower other-than-temporary impairments.  Net realized capital losses in 2017  consisted   primarily of losses on variable annuity embedded
derivatives, net of related hedges, and impairments, which were partially
offset by gains on the sales of securities and foreign exchange gains. 

 Variable
annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges, reflected gains in 2018
compared to losses in 2017 primarily due to changes in the non-performance or
“own credit” risk adjustment used in the valuation of the variable annuities
with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) embedded derivative, which
are not hedged as part of our economic hedging program. 

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features see MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and
Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Programs. For more information on the economic hedging target and the impact to
pre-tax income of this program see Insurance Reserves – Life and  Annuity Reserves and DAC  – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results
in this MD&A. 

 Net
realized capital losses in 2016 were primarily related to foreign exchange
losses, derivative losses, and impairments, which were higher than the gain
recognized on the sale of a portion of our PICC Investment. Foreign exchange
gains (losses) were primarily due to $910 million of remeasurement losses
in 2016 for a short term intercompany balance that was matched with
available for sale investments in fixed maturity securities denominated in the
same foreign currencies. Unrealized gains and losses on the available for sale
investments were recorded in other comprehensive income resulting in an
immaterial impact on our overall equity or book value per share from this
arrangement.  

 For further
discussion of our investment portfolio see also Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 118                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Insurance Reserves 

 


 Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 The following table presents the components of our gross and net loss
reserves by segment and major lines of business * : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net
  liability for 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  liability 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross liability 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   unpaid
  losses 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  unpaid 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and
  loss 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss adjustment 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,772 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,690 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,664 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,291 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,855 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,949 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,942 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,275 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,066 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,534 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,378 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,811 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,142 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,654 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,817 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,627 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,111 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,141 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,232 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,229 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,315 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,551 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,675 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,140 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjusted expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
 
   
   Total Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,233 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,839 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (Blackboard) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,949 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,690 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,685 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
 



  * Includes loss reserve
discount of $2.0 billion and $1.8 billion for the years ended December 31,
2018, and 2017, respectively.  For discussion of loss reserve discount see
Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

   

    


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            119 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 PRIOR YEAR
DEVELOPMENT 

 The following table summarizes incurred (favorable) unfavorable
prior year development net of reinsurance by segment: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   371 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,286 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   366 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,442 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines  
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year (favorable) unfavorable development 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
 



 *    
Includes the amortization attributed to the deferred gain at inception from the
NICO adverse development reinsurance agreement of $233 million and $288 million
in the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Consistent with our
definition of APTI, prior year development excludes the portion of (favorable) unfavorable
prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under the NICO
reinsurance agreements of $834 million and $359 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and related changes in amortization
of the deferred gain of $162 million and $56 million over those same periods 

   

 Net Loss Development – 2018 

 During 2018, we recognized adverse prior year net loss reserve
development of $362 million net. This unfavorable development was primarily a
result of the following:      

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in US Excess Casualty, driven by the combination of construction Defect and
construction wrap claims from accident year 2015 and prior where we reacted to
significant increases in severity and longer claim reporting patterns, as well
as  higher than expected loss
severity in accident years 2016 and 2017, which led to an increase in estimates
for these accident years; 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O) and
Employment Practices Liability (EPLI) policies covering Corporate and National
Insureds as well as Private and Not-for-Profit insureds. This development was
predominantly in accident years 2014-2017 and resulted largely from increases
in severity as the frequency of class action lawsuits increased in those
years.   

 •     
  Favorable development in
US Commercial Property and Specialty Lines due to reductions in our estimates
for 2017 Catastrophes and favorable development from the attritional losses in
Commercial Property and Specialty . 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in US Personal Lines reflecting an increase in estimates in respect of the
California Wildfires and Hurricane Irma in 2017.   

 •     
  Adverse development in
Financial Lines in Europe and other areas across the world that have seen
increases in the frequency and severity of large losses. 

 Our
analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our
judgments about the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense
ratios we selected. 

 For
further details of prior year development by line of business, see Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. For a discussion of actuarial methods
employed for major classes of business, see also Critical Accounting Estimates . 

    


 


 

 120                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
tables summarize incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of
reinsurance, by segment and major lines of business, and by accident year
groupings: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  & Prior 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance North America: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   (483) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe casualty and financial lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe property and special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   UKEurope and Japan Personal insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance International 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines  
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year (favorable) unfavorable development 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
 



 Net Loss Development – 2017  

 During
2017, we recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $978
million. This unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Excess Casualty and U.S. Other Casualty, driven primarily by increases
in underlying severity and greater than expected emerging loss experience in
accident year 2016 as well as increased development from claims related to
construction defects and construction wrap business (largely from accident
years 2006 and prior).  

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O)
policies covering privately owned and not-for-profit insureds. This development
was predominantly in accident year 2016 and resulted largely from increases in
bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary liability claims for large educational
institutions. 

 •     
  Higher than expected
losses for Europe Casualty and Financial Lines, including a significant
increase in large claims activity in our Europe long-tail business, with a
large proportion emanating from accident year 2016. In addition, we increased
our loss reserves as a result of the decision made by the UK Ministry of
Justice to reduce the discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts,
known as the Ogden rate.  

 •     
  In addition, we also
observed higher than expected losses in our Europe Property and Special Risks
business driven by unexpected development on various large claims across the
property, aviation, marine, and trade credit segments. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            121 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Net Loss Development – 2016 

 During
2016, we recognized adverse prior year loss reserve development of $5.8
billion. This unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
  Higher than expected
losses emerging across several casualty product lines, especially in recent
accident years (generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased frequency and
severity of claims. This recent accident year loss emergence caused us to
increase loss development factors applied across many accident years. 

 •     
  Loss development
factors including workers’ compensation tail factors, also increased due to an
observed lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to prior expectations. 

 •     
  Increases in loss trend
assumptions to reflect the latest observed increases in frequency and severity
and the impact of these increased loss trends on expected loss ratios. 

 •     
  Changes in weights we
apply to the various actuarial methods to better align with updated trends. 

 We
note that for certain categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims
and environmental claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes
be reclassified to an earlier or later accident year as more information about
the date of occurrence becomes available to us. These reclassifications are
shown as development in the respective years in the tables above. 

 Significant Reinsurance Agreements 

 In the first
quarter of 2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement
with NICO, under which we transferred to NICO 80 percent of the reserve risk on
substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures for accident years
2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80 percent of the losses
on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion
of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion. We account for
this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. This transaction resulted in a
gain, which under U.S. GAAP retroactive reinsurance accounting is deferred and
amortized into income over the settlement period. NICO created a collateral
trust account as security for their claim payment obligations to us, into which
they deposited the consideration paid under the agreement, and Berkshire
Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure NICO’s obligations
under the agreement. 

 For a
description of AIG’s catastrophe reinsurance protection for 2018, see
Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – General Insurance Companies Key
Risks – Natural Catastrophe Risk. 

 The table below shows the calculation of the deferred gain on the
adverse development reinsurance agreement as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
showing the effect of discounting of loss reserves and amortization of the
deferred gain. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Gross Covered Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Covered reserves before discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,654 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date losses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,788 
   
  
 
   
   Attachment point 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,000) 
   
  
 
   
   Covered losses above attachment point 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,442 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deferred Gain Development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Covered losses above attachment ceded to NICO (80%) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,891 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,153 
   
  
 
   
   Consideration paid including interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,188) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax deferred gain before discount and amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,965 
   
  
 
   
   Discount on ceded losses (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,719) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax deferred gain before amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,984 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date amortization of deferred gain at inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date amortization attributed to changes in deferred
  gain (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred gain liability reflected in AIG's balance sheet 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,382 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
 



 (a)             For the period from
inception to December 31, 2018, the accretion of discount and a reduction in
effective interest rates was offset by changes in estimates of the amount and
timing of future recoveries under the adverse development reinsurance
agreement. 

 (b) Excluded from our definition of
APTI. 

   


 


 

 122                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the rollforward of activity in the deferred gain from the
adverse development reinsurance agreement: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, net of discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gain at inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
 
   
   Unfavorable prior year reserve development ceded to NICO (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization attributed to deferred gain at inception (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization attributed to changes in deferred gain (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in discount on ceded loss reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year, net of discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,382 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
 



 (a)  Prior
year reserve development ceded to NICO under the retroactive reinsurance
agreement is deferred under U.S. GAAP. 

 (b)  Represents
amortization of the deferred gain recognized in APTI. 

 (c)  Excluded
from APTI and included in U.S. GAAP. 

 The
lines of business subject to this agreement have been the source of the
majority of the prior year adverse development charges over the past several
years. The agreement is expected to result in lower capital charges for reserve
risks at our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. In addition, we would expect future
net investment income to decline as a result of lower invested assets. 

 For a summary
of significant reinsurers see Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk
Management – Insurance Operations Risks – General Insurance Companies
Key Insurance Risks – Reinsurance Recoverable. 

 LIFE AND ANNUITY reserves and dac 

 The
following section provides discussion of life and annuity reserves and deferred
policy acquisition costs. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

   

 The life insurance companies
review and update actuarial assumptions at least annually, generally in the
third quarter. Assumption setting standards vary between investment-oriented
products and traditional long-duration products. 

   

 Investment-oriented products 

 The
Life Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross profit projections
used to amortize DAC and related items (which may include VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserves) for investment-oriented
products. Estimated gross profit projections include assumptions for
investment-related returns and spreads, product-related fees and expenses,
mortality gains and losses, policyholder behavior and other factors. In
estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can
have a material impact on DAC amortization. If the assumptions used for
estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC and related reserves are
recalculated using the new projections, and any resulting adjustment is
included in income. Updating such projections may result in acceleration of
amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other
products.  

 The Life
Insurance Companies also review assumptions related to their respective GMWB
living benefits that are accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at
fair value. The fair value of these embedded derivatives is based on actuarial
assumptions, including policyholder behavior, as well as capital market
assumptions. 

 Various
assumptions were updated, including the following effective September 30, 2018:
 

 •     
  we decreased our
reversion to the mean rates (gross of fees) to 2.92 percent from 3.74 percent
for the Variable Annuity product line in Individual Retirement and to 1.90
percent from 3.78 percent for the Variable Annuity product line in Group
Retirement. Our separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption related
to equity market performance remained unchanged at 7.0 percent; and 

 •     
  we lowered our ultimate
projected yields on invested assets by approximately three to six basis points
on most annuity deposits and by approximately 12 to 19 basis points on most
life insurance deposits. Projected yields are graded from a weighted average
net GAAP book yield of existing assets supporting the business based on the
value of the assets to a weighted average yield based on the duration of the
assets excluding assets that mature during the grading period. The grading
period is three years for annuity products and five years for life insurance
products. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            123 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The reversion to the mean rate is updated quarterly based on
market returns and can change dramatically in periods where market returns move
significantly. Effective December 31, 2018, the reversion to the mean rate
(gross of fees) was 5.38 percent for the Variable Annuity product line in
Individual Retirement and 5.48 percent for the Variable Annuity product line in
Group Retirement. 

 Traditional long-duration products 

 For
traditional long-duration products, which include whole life insurance, term
life insurance, accident and health insurance, long-term care insurance, and
life-contingent single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements,
a “lock-in” principle applies. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit
liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with
changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. Loss
recognition occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result
in projected future losses under loss recognition testing. Underlying
assumptions are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate. 

 In
addition to the third quarter annual assumption update, the life companies
adjusted assumptions and models on the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines
during the fourth quarter resulting in loss recognition of $105 million. 

 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in Adjusted
pre-tax income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for the
domestic life insurance companies, by segment and product line: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Indexed Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Life and Retirement Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in adjusted pre-tax income from
  update of assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax
income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions in the domestic life
insurance companies, by line item as reported in Results of Operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (237) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (244) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (720) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in DAC related to net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (246) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
 



 In
2018, Adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable adjustment of $208
million, primarily in Variable Annuities driven by reductions to the GMWB full
surrender assumption, in Life Insurance primarily due to strengthening reserves
for certain riders and interest crediting model refinements, and in Legacy
Accident & Health Insurance loss recognition. The unfavorable adjustments
were partially offset by favorable adjustments in Life Insurance primarily due
to lower lapse and mortality assumptions and a reduction in IBNR reserves and
in Individual Retirement due to lower lapse assumptions in Fixed Annuities and
refinements to partial withdrawal assumptions in Variable Annuities.  

 In
2017, adjusted pre-tax income included a net favorable adjustment of $270 million,
primarily driven by lower lapse assumptions in Fixed Annuities, improved
mortality assumptions in Life Insurance, and an increase in the reversion to
the mean rates in Variable Annuities. The favorable adjustments were partially
offset by lower spread assumptions in Fixed Annuities and a loss recognition
expense on long-term care business in the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off
Lines. 


 


 

 124                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 In 2016, adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable
adjustment of $384 million, primarily driven by $622 million of loss
recognition reserves for pre-2010 payout annuities in the Legacy Portfolio, and
an increase in Life Insurance reserves for universal life with secondary
guarantees. These unfavorable adjustments were partially offset by favorable
adjustments, primarily due to lower lapse assumptions in Fixed Annuities. 

 The adjustments
related to the update of actuarial assumptions in each period are discussed by
segment below. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Segment 

 Individual Retirement 

 The
update of actuarial assumptions resulted in net favorable (unfavorable)
adjustments to adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement of $(52)
million, $242 million and $369 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 In Fixed
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
favorable adjustment of $40 million and $130 million in 2018 and 2017,
respectively, which reflected lower lapse assumptions, partially offset by
lower spread assumptions.  In 2016, a net favorable
adjustment of $330 million reflected lower lapse assumptions, primarily due to
lower long-term interest rates, as well as updates to spread assumptions.  

 In
Variable and Index Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions
resulted in a net unfavorable adjustment of $92 million in 2018, primarily due
to refinements to the GMWB partial withdrawal assumptions in Variable Annuities
and the multi-year index strategy crediting parameters in Index Annuities. The
unfavorable adjustments were partially offset by lower GMWB lapse assumptions
in Variable Annuities.  In 2017, a net favorable
adjustment of $112 million was primarily due to an increase in the reversion to
the mean rate used for projecting future estimated gross profit for variable
annuity products and changes in volatility assumptions. The net favorable
adjustment was partially offset by a decrease in the separate account long-term
asset growth rate assumption from 7.5 percent to 7.0 percent (before expenses
that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) and an unfavorable
adjustment in connection with the conversion to a new modeling platform for
Index Annuities. In 2016, a net favorable adjustment of $39 million was
primarily due to favorable updates to assumptions for volatility, lapses,
mortality and policy expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the separate
account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected). The net favorable adjustment included a net unfavorable adjustment
of approximately $24 million in connection with the conversion to a new
modeling platform for variable annuities, primarily due to refinements to
assumptions for guaranteed minimum interest rates and investment fees,
partially offset by the impact of other refinements identified during the
conversion. 

 Group Retirement 

 In
Group Retirement, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in
a favorable adjustment of $17 million in 2018, primarily due to improved
premium persistency assumptions.  In 2017, a
net favorable adjustment of $13 million was primarily due to an increase in the
reversion to the mean rate used for projecting future estimated gross profit
for variable annuity products and changes in maintenance expense assumptions.
The net favorable adjustment was partially offset by a decrease in the separate
account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 7.5 percent to 7.0 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected) and decreases in fixed annuity spread and separate account fee
assumptions. In 2016, a net unfavorable adjustment of $47 million was primarily
due to refinements in lapse and partial withdrawal assumptions and a decrease
in the separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent
to 7.5 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future
fees are projected).  

 Life Insurance 

 In
Life Insurance, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net
unfavorable adjustment of $63 million in 2018, primarily due to strengthening
reserves for certain riders, decreased lapses and interest crediting model
refinements. The unfavorable adjustments were partially offset by favorable
adjustments driven by updates to mortality assumptions and a reduction to IBNR
reserves.  In 2017, a net favorable adjustment
of $29 million was primarily due to improved mortality assumptions, partially
offset by lower spread assumptions. In 2016, a net unfavorable adjustment of
$92 million was primarily due to refinement to reserves for universal life
insurance with secondary guarantees due to lower assumed lapse rates. The
update to Life Insurance assumptions in 2016 also included lower spread
assumptions.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            125 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Legacy Portfolio 

 In
Legacy Portfolio, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net
unfavorable adjustment of $110 million in 2018, primarily due to $105 million
of loss recognition expense on accident and health business (other than
long-term care) in the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines resulting from
assumption and model refinements.  In 2017, a
net unfavorable adjustment of $14 million was primarily due to $13 million of
loss recognition expense on long-term care business in the Legacy Life and Retirement
Run-Off Lines resulting from model enhancements. In 2016, Legacy Life and
Retirement Run-Off Lines recorded $622 million of loss recognition expense on
payout annuities. The loss recognition reflected the establishment of
additional reserves primarily as a result of mortality experience studies,
which indicated increased longevity, particularly on disabled lives on a block
of structured settlements underwritten prior to 2010.  

 Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results 

 Our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity
products with GMWB riders that provide guaranteed living benefit features. The
liabilities for GMWB are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair
value. The fair value of the embedded derivatives may fluctuate significantly
based on market interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads, market
volatility, policyholder behavior and other factors. 

 In addition
to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an
economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB, including
exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and
volatility. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including but
not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and
swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value
election.  

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features  see   Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and
Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Programs .  

 Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge
Target 

 The variable annuity hedging program utilizes an economic
hedge target, which represents an estimate of the underlying economic risks in
our GMWB riders. The economic hedge target differs from the U.S. GAAP valuation
of the GMWB embedded derivatives primarily due to the following: 

 •     
  The economic hedge target includes 100
percent of rider fees in present value calculations; the U.S. GAAP valuation
reflects only those fees attributed to the embedded derivative such that the
initial value at contract issue equals zero; 

 •     
  The economic hedge target uses best
estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes explicit risk margins used for U.S.
GAAP valuation, such as margins for policyholder behavior, mortality, and
volatility; and 

 •     
  The economic hedge target excludes the
non-performance or “own credit” risk adjustment used in the U.S. GAAP
valuation, which reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying
ability by incorporating an additional spread (the NPA spread) to the swap
curve used to discount projected benefit cash flows. Because the discount rate
includes the NPA spread and other explicit risk margins, the U.S. GAAP
valuation is generally less sensitive to movements in interest rates and other
market factors, and to changes from actuarial assumption updates, than the
economic hedge target.  For more information on our valuation methodology for
embedded derivatives within policyholder contract deposits see   Note  5  
to the Consolidated Financial Statements .  

 The market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the
economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected
to be fully offsetting. In addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with
the variable annuity hedging program, the Life and Retirement companies have
cash and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these
guarantees.  The primary sources of difference between the change in the fair
value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include: 

 •     
  Basis risk due to the variance between
expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative; 

 •     
  Realized volatility versus implied
volatility;  

 •     
  Actual versus expected changes in the
hedge target driven by assumptions not subject to hedging, particularly
policyholder behavior; and 

 •     
  Risk exposures that we have elected not
to explicitly or fully hedge. 


 


 

 126                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following table presents a reconciliation
between the fair value of the U.S. GAAP embedded derivatives and the value of
our economic hedge target: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciliation of
  embedded derivatives and economic hedge target: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivative liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
 
   
   Exclude non-performance risk adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,947) 
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivative
  liability, excluding NPA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,941 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for risk margins
  and differences in valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,557) 
   
  
 
   
   Economic hedge target
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,384 
   
  
 



 Impact on Pre-tax Income (Loss) 

 The
impact on our pre-tax income (loss) of the variable annuity guaranteed living
benefits and related hedging results includes changes in the fair value of the
GMWB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative
hedging instruments, both of which are recorded in Other realized capital gains
(losses). Realized capital gains (losses), as well as net investment income
from changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities used in the hedging
program, are excluded from adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement and
Group Retirement. 

 The change in
the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the
hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to the
differences in valuation between the economic hedge target, the U.S. GAAP
embedded derivatives and the fair value of the hedging portfolio, as discussed
above. When corporate credit spreads widen, the change in the NPA spread
generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities,
resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the
change in the NPA spread generally increases the fair value of the embedded
derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. In addition to changes driven by
credit market-related movements in the NPA spread, the NPA balance also
reflects changes in business activity and in the net amount at risk from the
underlying guaranteed living benefits. 

 The following table presents the net increase (decrease) to
consolidated pre-tax income (loss) from changes in the fair value of the GMWB
embedded derivatives and related hedges, excluding related DAC amortization: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives, excluding update of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   actuarial assumptions
  and NPA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (244) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  variable annuity hedging portfolio: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate derivative
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (470) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity derivative contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (919) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  variable annuity hedging portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (993) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives excluding update of actuarial 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   assumptions and NPA, net of
  hedging portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   (993) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives due to NPA spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   (840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of embedded
  derivatives due to change in NPA volume 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   (352) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives due to update of actuarial assumptions 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (101) 
   
  
 
   
   Total change due to update of
  actuarial assumptions and NPA 
   
  
     
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
 
   
   Net impact on pre-tax
  income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   By Consolidated Income
  Statement line 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
 
   
   Net impact on pre-tax
  income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            127 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The net impact on pre-tax
income from the GMWB embedded derivatives and related hedges in 2018 (excluding
related DAC amortization) was primarily driven by gains from the impact of
widening credit spreads on the NPA spread, and higher interest rates, partially
offset by losses from the impact of the change in credit spreads and the move
from an economic to a GAAP discount basis.  In
2017, the net impact on pre-tax income was primarily driven by losses from
actuarial assumption updates to lapse and volatility assumptions, tightening
credit spreads on the NPA spread and the impact on the NPA volume of lower expected
GMWB payments, driven by higher equity markets. In 2016, the net impact on
pre-tax income was primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates and
equity markets late in the fourth quarter of 2016, which resulted in fair value
losses in the hedging portfolio, which were not offset by decreases in the
embedded derivative liabilities as the risk margins and other assumptions used
in the U.S. GAAP valuation caused the embedded derivatives to be less sensitive
to market changes than the related hedge portfolio. In addition, 2016 included
losses from actuarial assumption updates due to lapse and mortality
assumptions.  

 The
change in the fair value of the GMWB embedded derivatives, excluding NPA and
update of actuarial assumptions, in 2018 reflected losses from lower equity
markets and the impact of moving from an economic to a GAAP discount basis,
offset by increases in interest rates and widening credit spreads. In 2018, the
hedge losses were driven by losses from higher interest rates and widening
credit spreads, offset by gains from lower equity markets.  In 2017, the change in the fair value of embedded
derivatives, excluding update of actuarial assumptions and NPA, was largely
offset by the related hedging portfolio. However, in 2016, the change in fair
value of embedded derivatives, excluding update of actuarial assumptions and
NPA, reflected losses on the hedging portfolio driven by improvements in both
interest rates and equity markets late in the fourth quarter of 2016, which
were not offset by decreases in embedded derivative liabilities.  

 Fair value gains
or losses in the hedging portfolio are typically not fully offset by increases
or decreases in liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis, due to the NPA and other risk
margins used for U.S. GAAP valuation that cause the embedded derivatives to be
less sensitive to changes in market rates than the hedge portfolio. On an
economic basis, the changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio were
partially offset by the decrease in the economic hedge target, as discussed
below. 

 Change in Economic Hedge Target 

 The
decrease in the economic hedge target liability in 2018 was primarily due to
higher interest rates and widening of credit spreads, offset by lower equity
markets. The decrease in the economic hedge target liability in 2017 was
primarily due to positive equity markets, partially offset by tighter credit
spreads and lower equity volatility.  

 Change in Fair Value of the Hedging Portfolio 

 The changes in the fair value of the economic hedge target
and, to a lesser extent, the embedded derivative valuation under U.S. GAAP,
were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of the variable
annuity hedging portfolio: 

 •     
  Changes in the fair
value of fixed maturity securities, primarily corporate bonds for which the
fair value option has been elected, are used as a capital-efficient way to
economically hedge interest rate and credit spread-related risk. The change in
the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in 2018 reflected losses
due to increases in interest rates, and widening of credit spreads.  The net gains in 2017 were primarily due to
tightening of credit spreads. The net gains in 2016 reflected the impact of
credit spreads tightening and decreases in market interest rates in the first
nine months of 2016, partially offset by an increase in rates in the fourth
quarter of 2016.  The change in
the fair value of the hedging bonds, which is excluded from the adjusted
pre-tax income of the Individual Retirement and Group Retirement segments, is
reported in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income
(Loss). 

 •     
  Changes in the fair
value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps, swaptions
and futures, resulted in net losses driven by higher interest rates in 2018.
The small net loss in 2017 reflected increases in rates in the latter half of
2017, partially offset by the impact of interest rate declines in the first
half of 2017. The net losses in 2016 reflected increases in rates in the fourth
quarter of 2016, which more than offset the impact of interest rate declines in
the first nine months of 2016.   

 •     
  The change in the fair
value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures and options,
resulted in gains in 2018, and losses in 2017 and 2016, which varied based on
the relative change in equity market returns in the respective periods. 


 


 

 128                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 DAC 

 The following table summarizes the major components of the changes
in DAC, including VOBA, within the Life and Retirement companies, excluding DAC
of the Legacy Portfolio:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,174 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,026 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Update of assumptions included
  in adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
 
   
   Related to realized capital
  gains and losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
   All other operating
  amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (987) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (937) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (928) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in DAC due
  to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Change related to unrealized
  depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (252) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
 



 *    DAC
balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation)
of investments was $9.4 billion, $8.9 billion and $8.4 billion at December 31,
2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 The
net adjustments to DAC amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions
for estimated gross profits, including those reported within change in DAC
related to net realized capital gains (losses), represented four percent, two
percent and four percent of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized
depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016, respectively. 

 Reversion to the Mean 

 The
reversion to the mean rate is updated quarterly based on market returns and can
change dramatically in periods where market returns move significantly. The
five-year reversion to the mean period did not meet the criteria for adjustment
in 2018 which would have otherwise required a reset of the start date used in
the calculation of the average gross long-term return rate.  The long-term
growth assumption used in our reversion to the mean methodology remained
unchanged at 7.0 percent in 2018. 

 In 2017,
we updated the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods
used in our reversion to the mean methodology for estimating future estimated
gross profits for variable annuity products, from 7.5 percent to 7.0 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected). The five-year reversion to the mean period has met the criteria for
adjustment in 2017. As a result, the average gross long-term return measurement
start date was reset to December 31, 2011 for Individual Retirement and June
30, 2013 for Group Retirement; the reversion to the mean rates (gross of fees)
were increased to 3.74 percent in Individual Retirement and 3.78 percent in
Group Retirement. Sustained favorable equity market performance in excess of
long-term assumptions could result in additional unlocking in the Individual
Retirement or Group Retirement variable annuity product lines in the future,
with a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking .  

 In
2016, the long-term annual asset growth assumption was updated from 8.5 percent
to 7.5 percent. The five-year reversion to the mean period did not meet the
criteria for adjustment in 2016. 

 For
additional discussion of assumptions related to our reversion to the mean
methodology see Critical Accounting Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented
Products. 

 DAC and Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 

 DAC and
Reserves for universal life and investment-type products (collectively,
investment-oriented products) are adjusted at each balance sheet date to
reflect the change in DAC, unearned revenue, and benefit reserves with an
offset to Other comprehensive income (OCI) as if securities available for sale
had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested
at current yields (shadow Investment-Oriented Adjustments). Similarly, for
long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of
investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional
future policy benefit liabilities (shadow Loss Adjustments) with an offset to
OCI to be recorded. 

 Shadow
adjustments to DAC and unearned revenue generally move in the opposite
direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale
securities portfolio, reducing the reported DAC and unearned revenue balance
when market interest rates decline. Conversely, shadow adjustments to benefit
reserves generally move in the same direction as the change in unrealized
appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio, increasing
reported future policy benefit liabilities balance when market interest rates
decline.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            129 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Market interest rates increased in 2018, which resulted in
a $8.3 billion decrease in the unrealized appreciation of fixed maturity securities
held to support businesses in the Life and Retirement companies at December 31,
2018 compared to December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2018, the shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments reflected increases in DAC and unearned
revenues and a decrease in future policy benefit liabilities compared to
December 31, 2017, while the shadow Loss Adjustments reflected a decrease in
future policy benefit liabilities. 

 Reserves 

 The following table presents a rollforward of insurance reserves
by operating segments for Life and Retirement, including future policy
benefits, policyholder contract deposits, other policy funds, and separate
account liabilities, as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129,321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,474 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,621 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,081) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,943) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,027) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,316) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,991) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,776) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion,
  net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (468) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   129,321 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,411 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   128,950 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,652) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,019) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,589) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (606) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (562) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (536) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,619) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,031) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion,
  net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,923 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
 
   
   Total Group Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91,685 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,006 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,391 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (943) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (650) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (575) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,219 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion,
  net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (889) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,033) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,181) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,397 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,055) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,085) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,503 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,312 
   
  
 




 


 

 130                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Institutional
  Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year,
  gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,216 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,153 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,745) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,283) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (655) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (343) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,385 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Institutional
  Markets reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,796 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,382 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance
  reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year,
  gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273,881 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,841 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,176 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,822) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,549) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,042) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,666) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,612) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,961 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,803 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (966) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,233) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   263,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   273,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,725 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,459) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance
  reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   262,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250,266 
   
  
 



 * Excludes amortization
of deferred sales inducements 

 I nsurance reserves
of Life and Retirement, as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement
mutual fund assets under administration, were comprised of the following
balances : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,592 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,735 
   
  
 
   
   Other policy funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,819 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   235,547 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,334 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   263,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273,881 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes
reserves related to the Legacy Portfolio. 



 
  



 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

 


 Overview 

 Liquidity  refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash
resources to meet our payment obligations. It is defined as cash and
unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at a
reasonable cost. We endeavor to manage our liquidity prudently through various
risk committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity
risk framework established by our Treasury group with oversight by Enterprise
Risk Management (ERM). Our liquidity risk framework is designed to manage
liquidity at both AIG Parent and its subsidiaries to meet our financial
obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario.  

 See
Enterprise Risk Management — Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and
Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management below
for additional information.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            131 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Capital  refers to the long-term financial resources available to
support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and cover
financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances. Our
primary source of ongoing capital generation is derived from the profitability
of our insurance subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our
minimum capital positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital
adequacy at AIG and the individual businesses and are based on
internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and
creditor expectations and business needs. Actual capital levels are monitored
on a regular basis, and using ERM’s stress testing methodology, we evaluate the
capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in
relation to the relevant capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance
subsidiaries.  

 We believe that
we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy future
requirements and meet our obligations to policyholders, customers, creditors
and debt-holders, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable
contingencies or events. 

 Nevertheless,
some circumstances may cause our cash or capital needs to exceed projected
liquidity or readily deployable capital resources. Additional collateral calls,
deterioration in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting
statutory surplus, higher surrenders of annuities and other policies,
downgrades in credit ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant
additional cash or capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital.
In addition, regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to
transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. 

 Depending on
market conditions, regulatory and rating agency considerations and other
factors, we may take various liability and capital management actions.
Liability management actions may include, but are not limited to, repurchasing
or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or engaging in debt exchange
offers. Capital management actions may include, but are not limited to, paying
dividends to our shareholders and share and/or warrant repurchases.   

   

 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND
  CAPITAL RESOURCES ACTIVITY FOR 2018 
   
   Sources 
   

   AIG Parent Funding from
  Subsidiaries 
   During 2018,
  AIG Parent received $4.2 billion in dividends from subsidiaries. Of this
  amount, $1.7 billion consisted of dividends in the form of cash and fixed
  maturity securities from our General Insurance companies, $2.5 billion
  consisted of dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash from our Life
  and Retirement companies and $48 million consisted of dividends in the form
  of cash from our Other category. 
   AIG Parent also
  received a net amount of $938 million in tax sharing payments in the form of
  cash from our insurance businesses in 2018, reflecting $120 million that was
  reimbursed by AIG Parent to our insurance businesses during the fourth
  quarter of 2018 primarily as a result of adjustments made to prior-year tax
  sharing payments. The tax sharing payments may be subject to further
  adjustment in future periods. 
   Debt Issuance 
   In March 2018, we
  issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.200% Notes Due 2028; $1.0
  billion aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Notes Due 2048; and $750 million
  aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Fixed-To-Floating Rate Series A-9 Junior
  Subordinated Debentures Due 2048 (Junior Subordinated Debentures). We used
  the net proceeds from these offerings for general corporate purposes,
  including funding a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of
  Validus. 
   Sale of Non-controlling
  Interest in Fortitude 
   In November 2018,
  we completed our sale of a non-controlling interest in Fortitude Re for $476
  million. We received $381 million of the purchase price at closing and will
  receive up to $95 million of deferred compensation which is subject to certain
  purchase price adjustments. To the extent we do not receive all or a portion
  of the Target Distribution within 18 months of the Fortitude Re Closing, TCG
  will pay us up to an additional $100 million. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 132                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 

 
  
   
   
   Uses    
   

   Debt Reduction 
   In May 2018,  we redeemed
  all of our outstanding 8.000% Series A-7 Junior Subordinated Debentures and
  8.625% Series A-8 Junior Subordinated Debentures in each case for a
  redemption price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and
  unpaid interest, for approximately $15 million and $7 million, respectively. 
   In October 2018,
  our subsidiary Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. redeemed its outstanding Floating
  Rate Deferrable Interest Junior Subordinated Notes due July 30, 2037 at a
  redemption price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and
  unpaid interest, for a net amount of approximately $90 million. In December 2018,
  Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. redeemed its outstanding (i) U.S.
  dollar-denominated Floating Rate Deferrable Interest Subordinated Notes due
  September 15, 2036, (ii) euro-denominated Floating Rate Deferrable Interest
  Subordinated Notes due September 15, 2036 and (iii) Floating Rate Deferrable
  Interest Subordinated Notes due September 15, 2037, each at a redemption
  price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid
  interest, for an aggregate amount of approximately $162 million. In addition,
  in December 2018, Validus redeemed its outstanding (i) Junior Subordinated
  Deferrable Interest Debentures due June 15, 2036 and (ii) Junior Subordinated
  Deferrable Interest Debentures due June 15, 2037, each at a redemption price
  of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, for
  an aggregate net amount of approximately $295 million. 
   We also made other
  repurchases of and repayments on debt instruments of approximately $3.2
  billion during 2018.   AIG Parent made interest payments on its debt
  instruments totaling $914 million during 2018. 
   Validus Acquisition and Redemption
  of Preference Shares 
   On July 18,
  2018, we completed our acquisition of Validus for approximately $5.5 billion
  in cash.  Following the consummation of the acquisition, AIG executed a
  guarantee, dated July 26, 2018, with respect to Validus’ outstanding Series A
  Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares (together, the Preference
  Shares), pursuant to which AIG provided a full and unconditional guarantee of
  Validus’ obligations with respect to the Preference Shares. In addition, AIG
  executed a guarantee, dated July 26, 2018, with respect to Validus’ aggregate
  outstanding 8.875% Senior Notes due 2040 (the Notes), pursuant to which AIG
  provided a full and unconditional guarantee of Validus’ obligations with
  respect to the Notes. AIG also entered into certain letter of credit agreements
  in support of the Validus companies. 
   In October
  2018, Validus redeemed all of its outstanding Preference Shares at a
  redemption price of $26,000 per Preference Share for approximately $416
  million in the aggregate. 
   Dividend 
   We paid a cash
  dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock during each quarter of 2018
  totaling $1.1 billion.  
   Repurchase of Common
  Stock 
   We repurchased approximately
  36.5 million shares of AIG Common Stock during 2018, for an aggregate
  purchase price of approximately $1.7 billion. 
   
  
 


    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            133 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash  

 The following table presents selected data from AIG's Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Sources: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in)
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,502 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by other investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in policyholder
  contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by other
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
 
   
   Total sources 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,144 
   
  
 
   
   Uses:    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,818) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition of businesses, net
  of cash and restricted cash acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,717) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,672) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases of warrants 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in other
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,559) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total uses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,836) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,994) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,223) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes
  on cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in
  cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents a summary of AIG’s Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Summary: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,818) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,502 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,238 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 



 Operating Cash Flow Activities 

 Insurance
companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims
or policy benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate
positive cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under
their insurance policies, policy retention rates and operating expenses. 

 Interest
payments totaled $1.3 billion in 2018 compared to $1.2 billion in 2017 and $1.3
billion in 2016. Excluding interest payments, AIG had operating cash inflows of
$1.4 billion in 2018 compared to operating cash outflows of $6.6 billion in
2017 and operating cash inflows of $4.8 billion in 2016. The operating cash
outflows in 2017 were primarily due to payment for the adverse development
reinsurance agreement entered into with NICO. 


 


 

 134                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Investing Cash
Flow Activities 

 Net cash used in investing activities in 2018 was $0.2
billion compared to cash provided by investing activities of $14.0 billion in
2017 and $3.3 billion in 2016. Net cash    used
in investing activities in 2018 included our acquisition of Validus for
approximately $5.5 billion in cash. Net cash provided by investing activities
in 2017 primarily included sales of certain investments to fund the adverse
development reinsurance agreement entered into with NICO. Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2016 primarily included $2.8 billion of net cash
proceeds from the sales of United Guaranty, Ascot and AIG Advisor Group.  

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 

 Net cash used in financing activities in 2018 reflected: 

 •     
  approximately $1.1 billion
in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock in each
quarter of 2018; 

 •     
  approximately $1.7 billion
to repurchase approximately 36.5 million shares of AIG Common Stock; and 

 •     
  approximately $1.1
billion in net inflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in financing activities in 2017 included: 

 •     
  approximately $1.2
billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common
Stock in each quarter of 2017; 

 •     
  approximately $6.3
billion to repurchase approximately 100 million shares of AIG Common Stock; and 

 •     
  approximately $342 million
in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in financing activities in 2016 included: 

 •     
  approximately $1.4
billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common
Stock in each quarter of 2016; 

 •     
  approximately $11.5
billion to repurchase approximately 201 million shares of AIG Common Stock;  

 •     
  approximately $309
million to repurchase approximately 17 million warrants to purchase shares of
AIG Common Stock; and 

 •     
  approximately $1.9
billion in net inflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 

 AIG Parent 

 As of December
31, 2018, AIG Parent had approximately $8.3 billion in liquidity sources. AIG
Parent’s liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term
investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. AIG
Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products,
counterparties and duration. Based upon an assessment of funding needs, the
liquidity sources can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase
agreements or contributed as admitted assets to regulated insurance companies.
AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the use of various internal liquidity
risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary sources of liquidity are dividends,
distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries and credit
facilities. AIG Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are for debt service,
capital and liability management, and operating expenses. 

 We believe that
we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy our reasonably
foreseeable future requirements and meet our obligations to our creditors,
debt-holders and insurance company subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt
markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed.  

 We utilize our
capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital
allocated to our insurance operations. Should we have or generate more capital
than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic growth or
acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may
develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or share
repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management. 

 In the normal
course, it is expected that a portion of the capital released by our insurance
operations, by our other operations or through the utilization of AIG’s
deferred tax assets may be available to support our business strategies, for
distribution to shareholders or for liability management. 

 In developing
plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a number of factors, including, but
not limited to: AIG’s business and strategic plans, expectations for capital
generation and utilization, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in
comparison to internal benchmarks, as well as rating agency expectations,
regulatory standards and internal stress tests for capital. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            135 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 The following table presents AIG Parent's
liquidity sources: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   As of  
   
  
   As of  
   
  
 
   
   (In millions) 
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   626 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,114 
   
  
 
   
   Unencumbered fixed maturity securities (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,172 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,286 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under syndicated credit facility (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity sources 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,294 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 



 (a)  Cash
and short-term investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling
$22 million and $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2018 and December 31,
2017, respectively.  

 (b)  Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 (c)  For
additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility see Credit
Facilities below. 

 Insurance Companies 

 We expect that
our insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable
future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including those
arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from
operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our
insurance companies’ liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities.  

 Each of our
material insurance companies’ liquidity is monitored through various internal
liquidity risk measures. The primary sources of liquidity are premiums,
fees, reinsurance recoverables and investment income and maturities. The
primary uses of liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, benefit
claims, surrenders, withdrawals, interest payments, dividends, expenses,
investment purchases and collateral requirements. 

 Our General
Insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity
needs under certain circumstances.  Large catastrophes may require us to
provide additional support to our affected operations. Downgrades in our credit
ratings could put pressure on the insurer financial strength ratings of our
subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals or cancellations by
policyholders and adversely affect a subsidiary’s ability to meet its own
obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the financial
strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models may
reduce the amount of available capital relative to required capital. Other
potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an economic
collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations, nationalization,
catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or
political upheaval. 

 Management
believes that because of the size and liquidity of our Life and Retirement
companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from projected claim or
surrender experience would not create significant liquidity risk. Furthermore,
our Life and Retirement companies’ products contain certain features that
mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. However, in times of
extreme capital markets disruption, liquidity needs could outpace resources. As
part of their risk management framework, our Life and Retirement companies
continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to
improve their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to maintain a
fully invested asset portfolio. 

 Certain of our
U.S. insurance companies are members of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in
their respective districts. Borrowings from FHLBs are used to supplement
liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our U.S. General
Insurance companies had outstanding borrowings from FHLBs in an aggregate
amount of approximately $115 million and $190 million at December 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017, respectively. Our U.S. Life and Retirement companies had no
outstanding borrowings in the form of cash advances from FHLBs at both December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In addition, $3.4 billion and $606 million
were due to FHLBs in the respective districts of our U.S. Life and Retirement
companies at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, under
funding agreements issued through our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement
and Institutional Markets operating segments, which were reported in
Policyholder contract deposits.  

 Certain of our
U.S. Life and Retirement companies have programs, which began in 2012, that
lend securities from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for
other uses as deemed appropriate by management. Under these programs, these
U.S. Life and Retirement companies lend securities to financial institutions
and receive cash as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the
loaned securities. Cash collateral received is invested in short-term
investments. Additionally, the aggregate amount of securities that a Life and
Retirement company is able to lend under its program at any time is limited to
five percent of its general account statutory-basis admitted assets. Our U.S.
Life and Retirement companies had $884 million and $2.9 billion of
securities subject to these agreements at December 31, 2018 and December 31,
2017, respectively, and $904 million and $3.0 billion of liabilities to
borrowers for collateral received at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017,
respectively. 


 


 

 136                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
insurance companies through internal, Board-approved policies and limits, as
well as management standards. In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital
maintenance agreements (CMAs) in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless,
regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer
capital freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. 

 In February
2018, AIG Parent entered into a CMA with Fortitude Re. Among other things, the
CMA provides that AIG Parent will maintain available statutory capital and
surplus in each of Fortitude Re’s long term business fund and general business
account at or above a stress threshold percentage of its projected enhanced
capital requirement in respect of the applicable fund, as defined under Bermuda
law. As of December 31, 2018, the stress threshold percentage under this CMA
was 125 percent. 

 AIG Parent
and/or certain subsidiaries are parties to several letter of credit agreements
with various financial institutions, which issue letters of credit from time to
time in support of our insurance companies. Letters of credit issued in support
of the General Insurance companies totaled approximately $3.9 billion at
December 31, 2018. Letters of credit issued in support of the Life and
Retirement companies totaled approximately $907 million at December 31, 2018.
Letters of credit issued in support of Fortitude Re totaled $550 million at
December 31, 2018. 

 During 2016, we
created a new Switzerland-domiciled international holding company, AIG
International Holdings, GmbH (AIGIH), which is intended to be the ultimate
holding company for all of our international entities. This international
holding company structure is part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our
organizational structure, and is expected to facilitate the optimization of our
international capital strategy from both a regulatory and a tax perspective.
Through February 12, 2019, substantially all of our international operations
have been transferred to AIGIH. We will continue to monitor our international
holding company structure in light of regulatory, tax and other developments,
to ensure that this strategy continues to be effective.  

 In  2018,  our General
Insurance companies collectively paid a total of approximately $1.7 billion in
dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to AIG Parent. The
fixed maturity securities primarily included U.S. government and
government-sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 In  2018,  our Life and
Retirement companies collectively paid a total of approximately $2.5 billion in
dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash to AIG Parent.  

 Tax Matters 

 If the
settlement agreements in principle are concluded in our ongoing dispute related
to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border
financing transactions, we will be required to make a payment to the U.S.
Treasury. Although we can provide no assurance regarding whether the
non-binding settlements will be finalized, the amount we currently expect
to pay based on current proposed settlement terms is approximately $1.7
billion, including obligations of AIG Parent and subsidiaries. This amount is
net of payments previously made with respect to cross border financing
transactions involving matters dating back to 1997 and other matters largely
related to the same tax years. There remains uncertainty with regard to
whether the settlements in principle will ultimately be approved by the
relevant authorities as well as the amount and timing of any potential
payments, which are not likely to be made before sometime in early 2020. 

 For
additional information regarding this matter see Note 23 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a
committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the Facility) as a potential
source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. The Facility provides for
aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving
loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without any limits
on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in June 2022. 

 As of December
31, 2018, a total of $4.5 billion remains available under the Facility. Our
ability to utilize the Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings.
However, our ability to utilize the Facility is conditioned on the satisfaction
of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial covenants and other
requirements contained in the Facility. These include covenants relating to our
maintenance of a specified total consolidated net worth and total consolidated
debt to total consolidated capitalization. Failure to satisfy these and other
requirements contained in the Facility would restrict our access to the
Facility and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and liquidity. We expect to utilize the Facility from
time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            137 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Contractual Obligations 

 The following table summarizes contractual obligations in total,
and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Payments due by Period  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments
   
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss reserves (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,790 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,672 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance and investment
  contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   254,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,540 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,002 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   852 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   760 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   344,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,503 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,881 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   203,991 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,029 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,064 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,568 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,414 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,482 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,207 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,672 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss reserves (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,790 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,672 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance and investment
  contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   254,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,540 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,066 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,172 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term obligations (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   384,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,088 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,038 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   231,663 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
undiscounted loss reserves. 

 (b)  Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures. 

 (c)  Does
not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.7 billion.  See Note 23 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 Loss Reserves 

 Loss reserves
relate to our General Insurance companies and represent estimates of future
loss and loss adjustment expense payments based on historical loss development
payment patterns. Due to the significance of the assumptions used, the payments
by period presented above could be materially different from actual required
payments. We believe that our General Insurance companies maintain adequate
financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these
obligations. 

 Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities 

 Insurance and
investment contract liabilities, including GIC liabilities, relate to our Life
and Retirement companies. These liabilities include various investment-type
products with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments.
These liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a
significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated
contractual maturity dates and may not result in any future payment
obligations. For these policies and contracts (i) we are not currently
making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or
disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or
(iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event
beyond our control. 

 We have made significant
assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these
contractual policy benefits. These assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates,
offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. Due to
the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be
materially different from actual required payments. The amounts presented in
this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy benefits and
policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 We believe that
our Life and Retirement companies have adequate financial resources to meet the
payments actually required under these obligations. These subsidiaries have
substantial liquidity in the form of cash and short-term investments. In
addition, our Life and Retirement companies maintain significant levels of
investment    grade
rated fixed maturity securities, including substantial holdings in government
and corporate bonds, and could seek to monetize those holdings in the event
operating cash flows are  
 


 

 138                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 insufficient. We expect
liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded through cash flows
generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.  

 Borrowings 

 Our borrowings
exclude those incurred by consolidated investments and include hybrid financial
instrument liabilities recorded at fair value. We expect to repay the long-term
debt maturities and interest accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments
and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash
flows generated from invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing
arrangements.  Borrowings supported by assets
of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as GIAs that are
supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain non-insurance
subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 

 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and
Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount of Commitment Expiring  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 -
   
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Committed
   
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,675 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit    
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,380 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees    
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   607 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,478 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   678 
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
potential amounts for indemnification obligations included in asset sales
agreements. For further information on indemnification obligations see Note 16
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (b)  Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related
fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under
these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries. 

 (c)  Does
not include guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG
consolidated entities. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            139 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 (d)  Primarily represents liquidity facilities provided in
connection with certain municipal swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations. 

 (e)  Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2019 is expected to be approximately $79 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans. 

 Arrangements with Variable Interest Entities  

 We enter into
various arrangements with variable interest entities (VIEs) in the normal
course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when we are the primary
beneficiary of the entity. 

 For a further
discussion of our involvement with VIEs see Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements . 

 Indemnification Agreements 

 We are subject
to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales
of businesses. These arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values,
specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities,
litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties or
covenants provided by us. These arrangements are typically subject to time
limitations, defined by contract or by operation of law, such as by prevailing
statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific terms of the arrangements,
the maximum potential obligation may or may not be subject to contractual
limitations.  

 For
additional information regarding our indemnification agreements see Note 16 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 We have recorded
liabilities for certain of these arrangements where it is possible to estimate
them. These liabilities are not material in the aggregate. We are unable to
develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under some of
these arrangements. Overall, we believe that it is unlikely we will have to
make any material payments under these arrangements. 

 Debt 

 The following table provides the rollforward
of AIG’s total debt outstanding: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
   Repayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,107) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,853 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Validus notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,734 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (364) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   (727) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,220) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,968 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Validus junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   (628) 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   888 
   
  
   (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,404 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,451) 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,572 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,734 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,800) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,073 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
 



 (a)  AIG
Parent guarantees all such debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP
matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent.
Collateral posted to third parties was $1.5 billion and $2.0 billion at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of
securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities and
generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 (b)  Primarily
represents adjustments to the fair value of debt. 

 (c)  Includes
primarily borrowings with Federal Home Loan Banks by our U.S. insurance
companies. These borrowings are short term in nature and related activity is
presented net of issuances and maturities and repayments. 


 


 

 140                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 (d)  At December 31, 2018, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $3.7 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other
securitization vehicles of $2.9 billion. At December 31, 2017, includes debt of
consolidated investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.5
billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other
securitization vehicles of $1.7 billion.  

 (e)  Includes
the effect of consolidating previously unconsolidated partnerships. 

   

 TOTAL DEBT OUTSTANDING  

 (in millions) 

 
  
   
     
   
     
   
  
 



 Debt Maturities  

 The following table summarizes maturing debt at December 31, 2018
of AIG (excluding $8.4 billion of borrowings of consolidated investments) for
the next four quarters: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
     
   
  
   Second 
   
  
     
   
  
   Third 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,388 
   
  
 



 See
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on debt
outstanding. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            141 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Credit Ratings 

 Credit ratings
estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect
the cost and availability of financing to that company.  The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 8, 2019. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to
the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Short-Term
  Debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior
  Long-Term Debt  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
     
   
  
   Moody’s (a) 
   
  
   S&P (b) 
   
  
   Fitch (c) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   P-2
  (2nd of 3) 
   
  
   A-2 (2nd
  of 8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Financial Products Corp. (d) 
   
  
   P-2  
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1  
   
  
   BBB+ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories. 

 (b)  S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (c)  Fitch
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (d)  AIG
guarantees all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp. 

 These
credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be
changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result
of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances. Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 

 We are party to
some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 

 In the event of
a downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior debt ratings, AIGFP and certain other AIG
entities would be required to post additional collateral under some derivative
and other transactions, or certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other AIG entities would be permitted to terminate such transactions early. 

 The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade.  

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in our credit ratings see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors – Liquidity, Capital and Credit.    

 FINANCIAL STRENGTH Ratings 

 Financial Strength ratings estimate an
insurance company’s ability to pay its obligations under an insurance policy.    The following table
presents the ratings of our significant insurance subsidiaries as of February 8,
2019. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   A.M.
  Best 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Fitch 
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
 
   
   National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   Lexington Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American Home Assurance Company  (US) 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American General Life Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company  
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Europe S.A.  
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American International Group UK Ltd. 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   AIG General Insurance Co. Ltd. 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
 
   
   Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 



 These
financial strength ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They
may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a
result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances.   

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in our financial strength ratings see
Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I,
Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity, Capital and Credit. 

 
 


 

 142                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Regulation and
Supervision  

 For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation. 

 Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock
 

 On February 8, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to
shareholders of record on March 15, 2018. On May 2, 2018, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 28, 2018 to shareholders of record on June 14, 2018. On August
2, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on September 28, 2018 to shareholders of record on
September 17, 2018. On October 31, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on December 26, 2018
to shareholders of record on December 12, 2018.  

 On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2019 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2019. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, as discussed further in
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of actions. On
May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an increase of $2.5 billion to the
share repurchase authorization. 

 During 2018, we
repurchased approximately 36.5 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an
aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.7 billion pursuant to this
authorization.  

 On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to its previous
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $1.5 billion, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.0 billion.
Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private
purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic
repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of
warrants). Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time
be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of
any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and
strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and
other factors. 

 Dividend Restrictions  

 Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities.  

 For a
discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries see
Note  19  to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            143 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Enterprise Risk
Management 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Risk
management includes the identification and measurement of various forms of
risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes
intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns. We
consider risk management an integral part of managing our core businesses and a
key element of our approach to corporate governance. 

 Overview 

 We
have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in
accordance with our firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has
oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management
functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a
consolidated view of AIG’s major risk positions. Within each business unit,
senior leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and targeted
risk tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports our
businesses and management by embedding risk management in our key day-to-day
business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying, managing,
monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the risks taken by our businesses and AIG
overall. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful
and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash
flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur . 

 Risk Governance Structure 

 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control management culture that encompasses all
significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions.
Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned
with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving
regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk
governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We review
our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as
appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks and risk-taking. 

 Our Board of
Directors oversees the management of risk through its Risk and Capital
Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those committees regularly interact with
other committees of the Board of Directors described below. Our Chief Risk
Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive Officer  (CEO).  

 The Group Risk Committee (GRC):     The GRC is the senior management group responsible for assessing
all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial
strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is
chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
and other senior executives from across our corporate functions and business
units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the RCC and
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is also a member of the
ELT providing ERM the opportunity to contribute to, review, monitor and
consider the impact of changes in strategy. 

 Management
committees that support the GRC are described below. These committees are
comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a
range of functions and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries.
These committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific
risk matters within their respective mandates. In addition, various working
groups (e.g. reputational risk, control agenda) are in place in support of the
GRC to manage and monitor the various risks across the organization. 

 Financial Risk Group (FRG):   The FRG is responsible for the oversight of
financial risks taken by AIG and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes
overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and
model risks, as well as asset - liability management, derivatives activity, and
foreign exchange transactions. It 
provides the primary corporate - level review function for all proposed
transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in
scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory
risks.  The FRG is chaired by our
CRO. Membership of the FRG also includes our CFO, Chief Investment Officer
(CIO) and Treasurer. 

 Business Unit Risk Committees:   Each of our major insurance businesses has established a
risk committee that serves as the senior management committee responsible for
risk oversight at the individual business unit level. The risk committees are
responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of
risk within their respective portfolios. Specific responsibilities include
setting risk tolerances, reviewing the capital allocation framework, insurance
portfolio optimization, and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics.
Together, these committees provide comprehensive risk oversight throughout the
organization.  


 


 

 144                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
    

 Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and
Measurement 

 Risk Appetite Framework 

 Our Risk
Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals
and available financial resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured
risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create
long-term value for our shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement
approved by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of
supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we
use to manage our risk profile and financial resources.   

 We articulate
our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk tolerances and thresholds on capital
and liquidity measures. These measures are set at the AIG Parent level as well
as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance company capital
and liquidity ratios. We must comply with standards for capital adequacy and
maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations as they come due in
accordance with our internal capital management and liquidity policies. Our
risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency
expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely reviews the level of risk
taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk
tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented periodically, as
required, to the RCC by our CRO. 

 Risk Limits 

 A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a
process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the
material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates monitoring
and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. Our
objectives include: 

 •     
  Establishing risk
monitoring, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely oversight
and enforceability of limits; 

 •     
  Defining a consistent
and transparent approach to limits governance; and 

 •     
  Aligning our business
activities with our risk appetite statement.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            145 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 To support the
monitoring and management of AIG’s and its business units’ material risks, ERM
has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy:  

 •     
  Board-level
risk tolerances  are AIG’s
aggregate capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of
capital and liquidity that we should maintain. These board-level risk
tolerances require RCC approval. 

 •     
  AIG
management level limits 
are risk type specific limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are
defined and calibrated to constrain our concentration in specific risk types,
to protect against taking risks that exceed the amount of overall capital AIG
has available, and to protect against excess earnings volatility. These limits
are approved by our CRO with consultation from the GRC. 

 •     
  BU and
legal entity level limits 
are set to address key risks identified by ERM for the business unit and legal
entities, protect capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal
entity specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. These limits
are defined by the business unit and legal entity Risk Officers. 

 All
limits are reviewed by the GRC or relevant business unit risk committees on a
periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved by those committees. 

 The business
units are responsible for measuring and monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is
responsible for monitoring compliance with limits and providing regular, timely
reporting to our senior management and risk committees. Limit breaches are
required to be reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in
accordance with their level of severity or materiality.   

 Risk Identification and Measurement 

 One
tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite Framework is risk identification. We
conduct risk identification through a number of processes at the business unit
and corporate level focused on capturing our material risks and key areas of
focus for follow-up risk management actions. A key initiative is our  integrated bottom-up risk identification and
assessment process down to the product-line level . These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization. 

 We employ
various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage risk exposures, including
the utilization of a variety of metrics and early warning indicators. We use a
proprietary internal capital and stress testing framework to measure our
quantifiable risks for both insurance and non-insurance operations.  

 The internal
capital framework quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence
interval, after taking into account a level of diversification benefits between
risk factors and business lines. We leverage the internal capital framework to
help inform our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and
capital allocation for our businesses. 

 The stress
testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure to our most significant
financial and insurance risks, including the risk in each of our key insurance
company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs under stress, risks
inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and risks to AIG
consolidated capital. The framework measures risk over multiple time horizons
and under different levels of stress, and includes multi-factor stresses as
well as single factor sensitivities that are designed to reflect AIG’s risk
characteristics. We use this information to support the assessment of resources
needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital
resources required to maintain consolidated company target capitalization
levels. 

   

 
  
   
   We evaluate and manage risk in material
  topics as shown below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the
  following pages :  
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    Credit Risk
  Management 
   
  
   ·           
    Liquidity Risk
  Management    
   
  
   ·           
    Insurance Risks 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    Market Risk
  Management 
   
  
   ·           
    Operational Risk
  Management 
   
  
   ·           
    Other Business Risks 
   
  
 



    

 
 


 

 146                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Credit Risk Management 

 Overview 

 Credit
risk is defined as the risk that our customers or counterparties are unable or
unwilling to repay their contractual obligations when they become due. Credit
risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty’s credit ratings or a
widening of its credit spreads . 

 We devote
considerable resources to managing our direct and indirect credit exposures.
These exposures may arise from, but are not limited to, fixed income
investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper investments, reverse
repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate and consumer loans,
leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising from derivatives
activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance risk cessions to
third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and certain General
Insurance businesses .  

 Governance 

 Our credit risks are managed by teams of credit
professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. Their primary
role is to assure appropriate credit risk management in accordance with our
credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk parameters. Our
Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are primarily responsible for
the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework,
which includes the following elements related to our credit risks:   

 •     
  developing and
implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures; 

 •     
  approving delegated
credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified credit professionals; 

 •     
  developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process; 

 •     
  managing a system of
credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for credit
transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may exist
or be incurred; 

 •     
  evaluating, monitoring,
reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations regularly with
senior management; and 

 •     
  approving appropriate
credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments and
corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios. 

 We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our
risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor closely the quality of any
trust collateral accounts.  

 For further
information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures see Investments –
Available-for-Sale Investments. 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            147 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Our credit risk
management framework incorporates the following elements: 

 


 
  
   
   Risk Identification 
   
  
   including the ongoing capture and
  monitoring of all existing, contingent, potential and emerging credit risk
  exposures, whether funded or unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Measurement 
   
  
   comprising risk ratings, default
  probabilities, loss given default and expected loss parameters, exposure
  calculations, stress testing and other risk analytics 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Limits 
   
  
   including, but not limited to, a system
  of single obligor or risk group-based AIG-wide house limits and sub-limits
  for corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and sub-sovereigns when
  appropriate and a defined process for identifying, evaluating, documenting
  and approving, if appropriate, breaches of and exceptions to such limits 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Delegations 
   
  
   a comprehensive credit risk delegation
  framework from the Chief Credit Officer (CCO) to authorized credit
  professionals throughout the company 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Evaluation, Monitoring and Reporting 
   
  
   including the ongoing analysis and
  assessment of credit risks, trending of those risks and reporting of other
  key risk metrics and limits to the CCO and senior management, as may be
  required 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Reserving 
   
  
   including but not limited to development
  of a proper framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate
  identification of (i) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, and (ii)
  other-than-temporary impairments for securities portfolios 
   
  
 



    

 Market Risk Management 

 Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact
due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: 
equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values,
interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels
of volatility.  

 We are engaged
in a variety of insurance, investment and other financial services businesses
that expose us to market risk, directly and indirectly. We are exposed to
market risks primarily within our insurance and capital markets activities, on
both the asset and liability side of our balance sheet through on- and
off-balance sheet exposures. The Risk Officer within each business is
responsible for creating a framework to properly identify these risks, then
ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and managed in
accordance with the risk governance framework established by the Chief Market
Risk Officer (CMRO).  

 The scope and
magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that
contains defined risk limits and minimum standards for managing market risk in
a manner consistent with our risk appetite statement. Our market risk
management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of
changes in these broad market observables, as opposed to the idiosyncratic
risks associated with individual assets that are addressed through our credit
risk management function. 

 Many of
our market risk exposures, including exposures to interest rates and equity,
are associated with the asset and liability exposures of our Life and
Retirement companies. These exposures are generally long-term in nature.
Examples of liability-related exposures include interest rate sensitive
surrenders in our fixed deferred annuity product portfolio. Also, we have
equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity product
portfolio. These interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures are
regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted
above. 


 


 

 148                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk
Identification 

 Market
risk focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in broad,
external, predominantly market-observable risks. Financial repercussions can
include an adverse impact on results of operations, financial condition,
liquidity and capital. 

 

 Each of the following systemic risks is
considered a market risk: 

 


 
  
   
   Equity prices 
   
  
   We are exposed to changes in equity
  market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices
  can affect the valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in
  private equity, hedge funds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other
  equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
  products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
  indexed universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance. 
   
  
 
   
   Residential and
  commercial real estate values 
   
  
   Our investment portfolios are exposed to
  the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real
  estate investments. Changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can
  affect the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages,
  residential/commercial mortgage‑backed securities and other structured
  securities with underlying assets that include residential/commercial
  mortgages, trusts that include residential/commercial real estate and/or
  mortgages, residential mortgage insurance and reinsurance contracts and
  commercial real estate investments. 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rates 
   
  
   Interest rate risk can arise from a
  mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower
  interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make some of
  our product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher
  interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However,
  when rates rise quickly, there can be an asymmetric GAAP accounting effect
  where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in
  Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of
  certain liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can
  affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities,
  insurance contracts including but not limited to universal life, fixed rate
  annuities, variable annuities and derivative contracts. Additionally, for
  Variable Annuity, Index Annuity, and Equity Indexed Universal Life products,
  deviations in actual versus expected policyholder behavior can be driven by
  fluctuations in various market variables, including interest rates. Policies
  with guaranteed living benefit options or riders are also subject to the risk
  of actual benefit utilization being different than expected. 
   
  
 
   
   Credit spreads 
   
  
   Credit spreads measure an instrument’s
  risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default‑free
  instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed
  maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, ABS,
  mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives
  and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher interest rates,
  wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more investment
  income in the long term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause
  a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely
  reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous widening of credit
  spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of
  bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses. 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  (FX) rates 
   
  
   We are a globally diversified enterprise
  with income, assets and liabilities denominated in, and capital deployed in,
  a variety of currencies. Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a
  broad range of balance sheet and income statement items as well as the
  settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific transactions. 
   
  
 
   
   Commodity prices 
   
  
   Changes in commodity prices (the value of
  commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded commodities,
  commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity indices. We
  are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices
  and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity securities in our
  investment portfolio. 
   
  
 
   
   Inflation 
   
  
   Changes in inflation can affect the
  valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt
  obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation
  indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation
  either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage
  levels. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            149 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Governance 

 Market risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the CRO. The CMRO is supported by a
dedicated team of professionals within ERM. Market Risk is managed by our
finance, treasury and investment management corporate functions, collectively,
and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is primarily responsible for the
development and maintenance of a risk management framework that includes the
following key components: 

 •     
  written policies that
define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear
guidance regarding their execution and management;  

 •     
  a limit framework that
aligns with our Board-approved risk appetite statement; 

 •     
  independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and 

 •     
  clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to market risk management. 

 These
components facilitate the CMRO’s identification, measurement, monitoring,
reporting and management of our market risks.   

 Risk Measurement  

 Our
market risk measurement framework was developed with the main objective of
communicating the range and scale of our market risk exposures. At the firm‑wide
level market risk is measured in a manner that is consistent with AIG’s risk
appetite statement. This is designed to ensure that we remain within our stated
risk tolerance levels and can determine how much additional market risk taking
capacity is available within our framework. Our risk appetite is currently
defined in terms of capital and liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the
framework measures our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on
an economic basis. 

 In addition,
we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP accounting and statutory capital‑based
risk measures at the market risk level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide
levels. This process aims to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the
impact of our market risk exposures. 

 

 We use a number of approaches to measure our
market risk exposure, including: 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Examples include: 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity analysis 
   
  
   measures the impact from a unit change in
  a market risk input 
   
  
   •        a one basis point increase in yield on
  fixed maturity securities,  
   •        a one basis point increase in credit
  spreads of fixed maturity securities, and  
   •        a one percent increase in prices of
  equity securities. 
   
  
 
   
   Scenario analysis 
   
  
   uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
  macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures 
   
  
   •        a 100 basis point parallel shift in the
  yield curve, or  
   •        a 20 percent immediate and
  simultaneous decrease in world‑wide equity markets.  
   Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic
  framework to arrive at a probability distribution of losses. 
   
  
 
   
   Stress testing 
   
  
   a special form of scenario analysis in
  which the scenarios are designed to lead to a material adverse outcome 
   
  
   •        the stock market crash of October 1987 or
  the widening of yields or spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008. 
   
  
 



    


 


 

 150                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Market Risk
Sensitivities 

 The following table provides estimates of sensitivity to changes
in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates on our
financial instruments and excludes approximately $168.9 billion and $163.6
billion as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, of
insurance liabilities. AIG believes that the interest rate sensitivities of
these insurance and other liabilities serve as an offset to the net interest
rate risk of the financial assets presented in the table below. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Balance
  Sheet Exposure 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Economic
  Effect 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31,  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,195 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,831) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,998) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,656 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,799 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,993) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,566) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   867 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,196) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,343) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278,446 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,791 
   
  
   (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,973) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17,829) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment-type contracts (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (120,602) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114,326) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,217 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,363 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity and other embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,116) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,175 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (a) (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,635) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,445) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,807 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (142,919) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,561 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,341 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20% decline in stock prices and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   alternative investments 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   862 
   
  
   (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
   (f) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity and alternative investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Real estate investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,258 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,787) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,652) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,787 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (957) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,108) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (836) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (158) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   PICC Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, equity and alternative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,427 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,190) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   embedded derivatives (e)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (655) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (982) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total liability 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (655) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (982) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10% depreciation of all foreign currency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   exchange rates against the U.S. dollar 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Great Britain pound 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,861 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,026 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Euro 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Hong Kong dollar 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   All other foreign currencies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,587 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,622 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position (g)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (536) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (656) 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            151 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 (a)  The economic effect is the difference between the
estimated fair value and the effect of a 100 bps parallel increase in all yield
curves on the estimated fair value. The estimated fair values for Mortgage and
other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits (Investment-type
contracts) and Long-term debt were $40,152 million, $121,374 million and
$23,929 million at December 31, 2018, respectively. The estimated fair values
for Mortgage and other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits
(Investment-type contracts) and Long-term debt were $29,523 million, $122,196
million and $25,970 million at December 31, 2017, respectively. 

 (b)  At
December 31, 2018, the analysis covered $278.4 billion of $285.8 billion
interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $3.5 billion of loans. In
addition, $3.9 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded
due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2017, the analysis covered $276.8
billion of $289.6 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $8.2
billion of loans. In addition, $4.6 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. 

 (c)  Beginning
in the third quarter of 2018, the economic effect presented for Policyholder
contract deposits - investment-type contracts has been refined to better
reflect the economic effect on the balance sheet and is calculated as the
change to the estimated fair value from a 100 bps parallel increase in all
yield curves on the estimated fair value. Historically, the calculation was the
change between the carrying value and the estimated fair value from a 100 bps
parallel increase in all yield curves on the estimated fair value.  Prior
period presentation has been revised to conform to the current period approach.
 

 (d)  At
December 31, 2018, the analysis excluded $8.4 billion of long-term debt related
to debt of consolidated investments, $643 million of AIGLH borrowings, $359
million of Validus borrowings, $168 million of borrowings from FHLB and $331
million of AIG Japan Holdings loans. At December 31, 2017, the analysis
excluded $6.0 billion of long-term debt related to debt of consolidated
investments, $642 million of AIGLH borrowings, $190 million of borrowings from
the FHLB and $334 million of AIG Japan Holdings loans. 

 (e)  The
balance sheet exposures for equity contracts and variable annuity and other
embedded derivatives are also reflected under “Interest rate sensitive liabilities”
above, and are not additive. 

 (f)  Beginning
in the third quarter of 2018, the economic effect calculation presented for
Derivatives - equity contracts is calculated using an internal risk calculation
model. The prior period presentation of the economic effect was calculated as
the effect of a 20 percent decline on the estimated fair value. Prior period
presentation has been revised to conform to the current period approach.   

 (g)  The
majority of the foreign currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. 

 The
sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of
our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our actual losses in
any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated above. 

 Interest
rate sensitivity  is defined as change in its
value with respect to plus a 100 basis point change in the interest rate
environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base value, where base value
is the value of the derivative under the yield curves as of the period end and
scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis point parallel increase
in all yield curves .  

 We
evaluate our interest rate risk without the effect of any correlation among
other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the fair value
of our financial assets and liabilities. This scenario does not measure changes
in value resulting from non-parallel shifts in the yield curve, which could
produce different results.  

 We
evaluate our equity price risk without the effect of any correlation among
other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the fair value
of our financial assets and liabilities. This scenario considers the direct
impact of declines in equity prices and not changes in asset-based fees,
changes in the estimated gross profits used for amortizing DAC, or changes in
any other assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded
derivatives related to the living benefit features within variable annuity
products. In addition, this scenario does not reflect the impact of basis risk,
such as projections about the future performance of the underlying contract
holder funds and actual fund returns, which we use as a basis for developing
our hedging strategy. 

 Foreign
currency-denominated net asset position reflects our consolidated non‑U.S.
dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S dollar liabilities on a GAAP
basis, with certain adjustments. We use a bottom-up approach in managing our
foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of protecting
statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. At the AIG
consolidated level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single
currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits.  

 Our foreign
currency-denominated net asset position at December 31, 2018, decreased by $1.2
billion compared to December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to a $669
million decrease in our Japanese yen position and a $264 million decrease in
our Canadian dollar position, each due to an increase in loss reserves. 

 For
illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point
increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equities and alternative
assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange
rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results presented in the table
above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the
potential effects of such events .  

 The
sensitivity factors utilized for 2018 and presented above were selected based
on historical data from 1998 to 2018, as follows  (see the table below) :  

 •     
  a 100 basis point
parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard deviation
movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield; 

 •     
  a 20 percent drop for
equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one standard
deviation movement in the S&P 500; and 

 •     
  a 10 percent
depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Japanese yen (JPY)
exchange rate. 


 


 

 152                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Scenario as 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   2018
  as a Multiple 
   
  
   Original
  2017 Scenario (based 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Standard 
   
  
   Suggested 
   
  
   a
  Multiple of 
   
  
   Change/ 
   
  
   of
  Standard 
   
  
   on
  Standard Deviation for 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Period 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   2018
  Scenario 
   
  
   Standard
  Deviation 
   
  
   Return 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   1997-2017
  Period) 
   
  
 
   
   10-Year Treasury 
   
  
   1998-2018 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   1.06 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   0.34 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
   1998-2018 
   
  
   0.17 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   1.17 
   
  
   (0.06) 
   
  
   0.37 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
   USD/JPY 
   
  
   1998-2018 
   
  
   0.11 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   0.92 
   
  
   0.03 
   
  
   0.25 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 



 Risk Monitoring and Limits 

 The
risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business units, include ensuring
compliance with market risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit
breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM Market Risk team by the
relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall
risk limits framework.  

 To control our
exposure to market risk, we rely on a three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the
CMRO closely monitors and reports to our CRO, senior management and risk
committees.  

 For further
information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein . 

 Liquidity Risk Management 

 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action .  

 AIG and its
legal entities seek to maintain sufficient liquidity both during the normal
course of business and under defined liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that
sufficient cash will be available to meet the obligations as they come due . 

 AIG Parent
liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow us to meet our financial
obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. We
maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that
funding needs are met under varying stress conditions. If we project that we
will breach these tolerances, we will assess and determine appropriate
liquidity management actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that
time may not permit us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a
reduction in liquidity requirements . 

 Risk Identification 

 

 The following sources of liquidity and
funding risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations
as they come due. 

 


 
  
   
   Market/Monetization Risk 
   
  
   Assets may not be readily transformed
  into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may
  limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity
  needs. 
   
  
 
   
   Cash Flow Mismatch Risk 
   
  
   Discrete and cumulative cash flow
  mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse
  business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls. 
   
  
 
   
   Event Funding Risk 
   
  
   Additional funding may be required as the
  result of a trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may
  result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other
  event that creates a funding obligation or limits existing funding options. 
   
  
 
   
   Financing Risk 
   
  
   We may be unable to raise additional cash
  on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions,
  AIG-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional
  funding. 
   
  
 



 Governance 

 Liquidity
risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM. The CRO has responsibility
for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and delegates the
day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our corporate
treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various
control processes. 

 The Liquidity
Risk Management Framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set
forth in the Board-approved risk appetite statement.    The principal
objective of this framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that
protect our long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and
to meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and
stressed conditions.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            153 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number
of liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market-related liquidity events. 

 Risk Measurement 

 Comprehensive
cash flow projections under normal conditions are the primary component for
identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity
projections over varying time horizons that incorporate all relevant liquidity
sources and uses and include known and likely cash inflows and outflows. In
addition, we perform stress testing by identifying liquidity stress scenarios
and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity. 

 

 We use a number of approaches to measure our
liquidity risk exposure, including: 

 


 
  
   
   M inimum Liquidity Limits 
   
  
   Minimum Liquidity Limits specify the
  amount of assets required to be maintained in order to meet obligations as
  they arise over a specified time horizon under stressed liquidity conditions. 
   
  
 
   
   Coverage
  Ratios 
   
  
   Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of
  available liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize assets to meet
  the forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of
  assets is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash
  under the assumed stressed conditions and within the specified time horizon. 
   
  
 
   
   Cash Flow
  Forecasts 
   
  
   Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity
  needed for a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon. 
   
  
 
   
   Stress
  Testing 
   
  
   Asset liquidity and  Coverage Ratios are re-measured under
  defined liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid
  assets and/or other funding sources. 
   
  
 



 Relevant
liquidity reporting is produced and reported regularly to AIG Parent and
business unit risk committees. The frequency, content, and nature of reporting
will vary for each business unit and legal entity, based on its complexity,
risk profile, activities and size. 

 Operational Risk M anagement 

 Overview 

 Operational
risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other adverse consequences, resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or from external
events. Operational risk includes legal, regulatory, technology, compliance,
third party and business continuity risks, but excludes business and strategy
risks.  

 Operational
risk is inherent in each of our business units and functions and can have many
impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains,
reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory
agencies and operational and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer
relationships. 

 Governance 

 Our operational
risk governance sets the requirements necessary to embed a risk management
culture throughout the organization. AIG and its consolidated subsidiaries
establish and maintain operational risk and controls governance forums that
include representatives from the relevant business units and functions to
appropriately manage significant operational risk exposures.  At an enterprise level, the GRC oversees operational risk
along with the Risk Officers.   

 Operational
risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM through the Head of
Operational Controls and Governance, who reports directly to our CRO. The Head
of Operational Controls and Governance is responsible for the development and
maintenance of the operational risk framework that includes policies, standards
and deployment of systems.    


 


 

 154                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk
Identification, Measurement and Monitoring 

 The
ORM function within ERM oversees the operational risk policy and risk and
control framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, measurement,
management and monitoring of operational risk exposures. ORM supports the Head
of Operational Controls and Governance and has responsibility to provide an
aggregate view of our operational risk profile.    As part of the framework,
we employ a Three Lines of Defense model whereby the first line consists of
business units and functions that own and manage AIG risks, the second line
consists of ERM and other control functions and serves as an independent
advisor to the first line and has risk oversight responsibilities, and the
third line consists of our Internal Audit Group that provides independent
assurance covering aspects of the First and Second Lines of Defense, in each
case, to strengthen the governance, capability and delivery of operational risk
management tools and methods. As a part of our ongoing transformation efforts,
the business leaders assume full ownership and accountability for the risks and
controls in their operating units, including support functions, for the operational
risks that arise in their own processes and activities and ERM performs an
independent review and challenge function. In line with the Three Lines of
Defense Model, the ORM programs include, but are not limited to, several key
components outlined below: 

 •     
  Risk Event Capture – enables
every employee to identify, document, and escalate operational risk events,
with a view to enhancing processes and promoting lessons learned.  

 •     
  Risk Assessments –
allows for the assessment, measurement and management of the key operational
risks within our business units and helps inform on the efficacy of our control
environment.  

 •     
  Key Risk Indicators –
enhances the ongoing monitoring and mitigation of operational risks and
facilitate risk reporting. 

 •     
  Issues Management –
enables a consistent tracking of issues across the firm, including policy and
process exceptions, control deficiencies and findings from risk and control
assessment activities.   

 •     
  Scenario Analyses –
executed by first- and second-line professionals to identify potential risks
that could result in financial losses in order to identify the financial
implications of the risk to the firm and support the prioritization of
operational risk treatment.   

 ORM,
working together with other control and assurance functions (e.g., Compliance, Financial
Controls Unit / Sarbanes Oxley, Global Business Continuity, and Internal Audit)
through the risk and control framework, provides an independent view of
operational risks for each business, and works with the business unit CRO and
business unit Owner of the Control Agenda, whose responsibilities include
coordinating identification, assessment, control and mitigation of risks to the
operating environment and promoting awareness, to facilitate implementation of
the above programs. This includes coverage of operational risks related to core
insurance activities, investing, model risk, technology (including cyber
security, identify and access management, data privacy and data security),
third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory matters. Based on
the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts above, business
leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified issues in line
with our risk-monitoring procedures. Governance committees support these
efforts and promote transparency enabling improved management decision making.  

 
  
   
   The risk and control
  framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk
  issues and is designed to: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
    ensure first line
  accountability and ownership of risks and controls;  
   ·           
    promote role clarity
  among the business and risk and control functions; 
   ·           
    enhance transparency,
  risk management governance and culture; 
   ·           
    foster greater
  consistency in identifying, measuring and ranking material risks; 
   ·           
    proactively address
  potential risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for risk treatment;
  and 
   ·           
    manage the
  development of technology solutions that support the objectives above. 
   
  
 



   

 Cybersecurity Risk 

 Cybersecurity
risk is an important, constant, and evolving focus for AIG and the insurance
and financial services industries in general. The increased sophistication and
activities of unauthorized parties attempting to access our systems and
fraudulently induce employees, clients, vendors or other third parties or users
of our systems to disclose sensitive information is an ever-present risk and
frequent attack vector against AIG. The goal of such unauthorized parties is to
gain access to AIG’s data and systems to learn confidential information,
destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other
damage. Cybersecurity risks may also derive from human error, fraud or malice
on the part of AIG employees or third parties who have authorized access to
AIG’s systems or information. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            155 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 ERM works closely with and supports the risk management
practices of the business units and functions that form the first line of
defense against the cybersecurity risks that we face, including the risks that
emerge as a result of the execution of our business strategies and our
corresponding exposure to new products, clients, industry segments and regions,
through initiatives such as investments in technological infrastructure,
education and training for employees and vendors, and monitoring of industry
developments. As part of our overarching cybersecurity strategy, we employ a
variety of tactics to monitor and assess threat levels, remediate our exposures
and enhance our systems and applications security. We also seek to build upon
our capabilities by recruiting talent in the fields of information technology
and data security. In addition to being required to comply with a vast array of
privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws, AIG participates in
discussions of cybersecurity risks with law enforcement, government officials,
as well as peer and industry groups.  

 AIG’s
Board of Directors and its Technology Committee are regularly briefed by
management on AIG’s cybersecurity matters, including threats, policies,
practices and ongoing efforts to improve security. As part of our disclosure
controls and procedures, ERM and Internal Audit are charged with ensuring that
the members of management responsible for disclosure controls are informed in a
timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially
impact our operations so that timely public disclosure can be made as
appropriate. There is no guarantee that the measures AIG takes and the
resources AIG devotes to protect against cybersecurity risk will provide
absolute security or recoverability of AIG’s systems given the complexity and
frequency of the risk, which AIG may not always be able to anticipate or
adequately address. For additional information regarding the data protection
and cybersecurity regulations to which we are subject,  see Item 1. Business
– Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity and
– International Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity. For
additional discussion of cybersecurity risks, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors – Business and Operations. 

 Insurance  Risks 

 Insurance
risk is defined as the risk of actual claims experience and/or policyholder
behavior being materially different than expected at the inception of an
insurance contract. Uncertainties related to insurance risk include the amount
and timing of cash flows from premiums, commissions, expenses, claims and claim
settlement expenses paid or received under a contract. 

 Except
as described above, we manage our business risk oversight activities through
our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our insurance operations
is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. To achieve this
goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and
appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.   

 We
operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed to a
wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks
throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of
procedures: 

 •     
  pre-launch approval of
product design, development and distribution; 

 •     
  underwriting approval
processes and authorities; 

 •     
  exposure limits with
ongoing monitoring; 

 •     
  pricing and risk
selection models; 

 •     
  price approval
processes; 

 •     
  modeling and reporting
of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy, line of
business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and
catastrophic risk events); 

 •     
  risk transfer tools
such as reinsurance, both internal and third-party;  

 •     
  review and challenge of
reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established escalation
procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving decisions and
judgments made in the establishment of reserves; 

 •     
  business line actuarial
briefings and actuarial financial judgment regular reviews with ERM and
business management; 

 •     
  management of
relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; 

 •     
  experience monitoring
and assumption updates; 

 •     
  risk reporting and
active risk management which includes meetings and collaboration between ERM
and the business; 

 •     
  enhanced pricing
models; and 

 •     
  compliance with
financial reporting and capital and solvency targets. 

 We
closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and
geographic location of the risks in each line of business underwritten, the
terms and conditions of the underwriting and the premiums we charge for taking
on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk using various modeling
techniques, including both probability distributions (stochastic) and/or
single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 


 


 

 156                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk
Identification 

 •     
  General
Insurance companies — 
risks covered include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health,
aviation, and management liability. We manage risks in the General Insurance
business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at multiple
levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal entity.  

 •     
  Life
and Retirement companies —    risks include mortality and morbidity in the insurance-oriented
products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract liabilities, longevity
risk in the retirement savings-oriented products and policyholder behavior. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical
underwriting, and external reinsurance programs. 

 We purchase reinsurance for our insurance
operations.    Reinsurance
facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations)
and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of
our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a
consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and
manage global catastrophe risks. 

 Governance 

 Insurance risks are monitored at the business unit level
within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief risk officer, who reports
directly to our CRO. The framework includes the following key components: 

 •     
  written policies that
define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;  

 •     
  a limit framework
focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our Board-approved risk
appetite statement; and 

 •     
  clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to insurance risk management. 

 Risk Measurement, Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
   We use a number of
  approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Stochastic
  methods.  Stochastic methods are used
  to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and
  premium risk. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our
  exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in
  the case of catastrophe risk. 
   Scenario
  analysis.  Scenario or deterministic
  analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to
  estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios. 
   Experience studies.
   Ongoing assessment of mortality,
  longevity, morbidity and policyholder behavior experience relative to that
  assumed in pricing and valuation and that experienced in the general market. 
   
  
 



 In
addition, there are risk specific assessment tools in place to better manage
the variety of insurance risks to which we are exposed. 

 We
monitor concentrations of exposure through insurance limits aggregated along
dimensions such as geography, industry, or counterparty.  

 The risk
monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance
with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches.
Such activities are reported to management by the relevant business unit for
informative decision-making on a regular basis. This monitoring approach is
aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 Risk limits have
a consistent framework used across AIG, its business units, and legal entities.
This includes escalation thresholds in cases where measurement is particularly
challenging.   

 For further
information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein.  

 General Insurance Companies’ Key Risks 

 We
manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure
limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits,
attachment points, and reinsurance. This management is supported by sound
underwriting practices, pricing procedures and the use of actuarial analysis to
help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance. Underwriting
practices and pricing procedures incorporate historical experience, changes in
underlying exposure, current regulation and judicial decisions as well as
proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            157 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 For General Insurance companies, risks primarily include
the following: 

 •     
  Loss
Reserves –    The  potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the General
Insurance companies. There is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive
the ultimate development of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss
adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty through internal controls and
oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external
experts.  For further information see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Insurance Liabilities – Loss Reserves herein. 

 •     
  Underwriting
–  The potential inadequacy
of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in our
portfolios can impact the General Insurance companies’ ability to achieve an
underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or unexpected
or increased costs or expenses.  

 •     
  Catastrophe
Exposure –  Our business is
exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can occur and
affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural disasters, such
as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the potential to
adversely affect our operating results. Other risks, such as man-made
catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and
operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products.
Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to
suffer disproportionate losses. 

 •     
  Single
Risk Loss Exposure –  Our
business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses
from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in
loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable
limits established by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting
standards and external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is
managed and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis.  

 •     
  Reinsurance
–  Since we use reinsurance
to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with reinsurance
including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers due to
either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not respond
properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different than
anticipated. The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk
and is monitored through our credit risk management framework. 

 Natural Catastrophe Risk 

 We
manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk
limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling, monitoring
overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe
reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in
addition to other reinsurance protections. 

 We use
third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools to evaluate and simulate
frequency and severity of catastrophic events and associated losses to our
portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary multi-model approach to account
for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor models and make adjustments to
modeled losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data
quality and non-modeled risks. 

 We perform
post-catastrophe event studies to identify model weaknesses, underwriting gaps,
and improvement opportunities.  Lessons
learned from  post-catastrophe event  studies are incorporated into the modeling and
underwriting processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies
exposed to catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust
our underwriting guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively
short period.  

 We recognize
that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural
catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk management processes in place,
we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate
potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning.
For example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as
an integral part of the underwriting process. In addition, we are committed to
providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be
proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural
disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas
emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and
sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the
developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 

 Our natural
catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the U.S. and Japan, though our
overall exposure is diversified across multiple countries. For example, we have
exposures to additional perils such as European windstorms and floods and
seismic events across the Pacific Rim. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane
exposure in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, the Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic
regions. Events impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in
a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have
significant earthquake exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New
Madrid regions. Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid
regions may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions
primarily due to our relative share of exposure in these regions. 


 


 

 158                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.   

 The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled losses for
top perils and countries:  

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
   Percent
  of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance,
  After Tax (e) 
   
  
   Shareholder
  Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exposures: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,010 
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Earthquake (1-in-250) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,295 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Typhoon (1-in-100) (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   354 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Earthquake (1-in-250) (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   446 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   352 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
U.S. hurricane loss estimate includes losses to Commercial and Personal
Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. 

 (b)  The
U.S. earthquake loss estimates represent exposure to Commercial and Personal
Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H business lines. 

 (c)  Japan
Typhoon loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal Property. 

 (d)  Japan
Earthquake loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal
Property and A&H business lines. 

 (e) 
Taxed at the statutory tax rate of 21 percent for both the U.S. and Japanese
modeled losses. The majority of Japan exposures are ceded to our U.S. Pool. 

 AIG’s
1-in-100 worldwide all peril OEP has reduced more than 15 percent from prior
year, inclusive of Validus. The OEP estimates provided above reflect our
in-force portfolios for exposures at October 1, 2018 for Validus and September
30, 2018 for the remainder of the exposure. The catastrophe reinsurance program
is as of January 1, 2019. Other reinsurance covers are as of December 31, 2018. 

 AIG, along with
other property casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, uses
industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies proprietary modeling
processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The use of different
methodologies and assumptions could materially change the projected losses. Since
there is no industry standard for assumptions and preparation of insured data
for use in these models, our modeled losses may not be comparable to estimates
made by other companies.  

 Also, the
modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their
obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements. However,
reinsurance recoverables may not be fully collectible. Therefore, these
estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure
to these events.  

 Our 2019
catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection on both an aggregate and
occurrence basis. It is a worldwide program that provides differing per
occurrence and aggregate attachment points for North America, Japan, and Rest
of World (that also has some regional/country variations). The program includes
$2 billion of limit for either per occurrence or aggregate exposure that is
shared across the regional towers.   

 Our coverage for North America includes: 

 •     
  Per occurrence
protection of up to $4 billion excess of $750 million, including $2 billion of
limit in excess of $2.75 billion that is shared across the regional occurrence
and aggregate towers 

 •     
  Aggregate protection
utilizing the $2 billion of shared limit attaching excess $750 Million for 40%
of the limit and excess $1 billion for 60% of the limit, with a $100 million per
occurrence deductible 

 •     
  Up to $500 million of
aggregate or occurrence North America specific limit to supplement the shared
limit in the event that this erodes 

 •     
  A $275 million
occurrence catastrophe cover specific to our U.S. high net worth personal lines
business, with varying attachment points tailored towards specific geographies  

 Our
coverage for exposure outside North America includes: 

 •     
  Japan per occurrence
coverage of $550 million excess of $200 million and includes both personal and
commercial exposure 

 •     
  Rest of World per
occurrence coverage up to $425 million, with a retention of either $50 million,
$75 million or $125 million depending on the zone/country  

 •     
  Rest of World and Japan
dedicated aggregate protection of $250 million excess $250 million with a $20
million per occurrence deductible 

 •     
  Rest of World and Japan
$2 billion of per occurrence or aggregate shared limit  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            159 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 We have also purchased property per risk covers that
provide protection against large losses globally, which include those emanating
from non-critical catastrophe events (all events except for named windstorm and
earthquake) globally as well as critical catastrophe events (named windstorm
and earthquake) outside North America.   

 For Validus
Reinsurance Limited, our catastrophe protection comes from a variety of
reinsurance protections but is largely providing $400 million of limit excess
$300 million of retention from world-wide exposure via an aggregate excess of
loss cover with an additional $450 million of limit excess $700 million via the
Tailwind Re Cat Bond for US, Puerto Rico and Canada named storm losses. 

 Actual results
in any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled
scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

 For
additional information see also Item 1A. Risk Factors  —  Reserves and Exposures. 

 Terrorism Risk 

 We
actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks . We have set risk limits based on modeled losses from
certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party
vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are
made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the General Insurance
companies’ exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of
different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks. 

 Our largest
terrorism exposures are in New York City, and estimated losses are largely
driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation lines of business. At our
largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP) and reinsurance recoveries are
estimated to be $2.8 billion based on the exposures as of September 30, 2018.  

 Our exposure to
terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by TRIP in addition to limited private reinsurance
protections. TRIP covers terrorist attacks within the United States or U.S.
missions and against certain U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain
lines of business as specified by applicable law. In 2019, TRIP covers 81 percent
of insured losses above a deductible, decreasing to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.0 billion for 2018.  

 We offer
terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products
and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. International
terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure
concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted reinsurance purchases are made
for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks.  We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S.
jurisdictions.    

 Life and Retirement Companies’ Key Risks 

 We manage
risk through product design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk
limitations, reinsurance and active monitoring and management of the
relationships between assets and liabilities, including hedging. 

 For
Life and Retirement companies, risks include the following: 

 •     
  Longevity
risk –  represents the risk
of an increase in value of a policy or benefit as a result of actual mortality
rates being lower than the expected mortality rates. This risk could arise from
medical advancement and longer-term societal health changes. This risk exists
in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our annuity
products, structured settlements and pension risk transfer business. 

 •     
  Morbidity
risk –  represents the risk
arising from actual morbidity (e.g. illness, disability or disease) incidence rate
being higher than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than
expected resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. This risk could arise
from longer-term medical advances in detection and treatment for various
diseases and medical conditions. This risk exists in a number of our product
lines such as group benefits and long-term care businesses – which are in
run-off or no longer being sold. 

 •     
  Mortality
risk –    represents the risk of loss arising from
actual mortality rates being higher than expected mortality rates. This
risk could arise from pandemics or other events, including longer-term societal
changes that cause higher-than-expected mortality. This risk exists in a number
of our product lines, but is most significant for our life insurance products. 

 
  

   


 


 

 160                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 •     
  Policyholder
behavior risk (including full and partial surrender/lapse risk) –    represents the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from
expected behavior in a manner that has an adverse effect on our operating
results. There are many related assumptions made when products are sold,
including how long the contracts will persist and other assumptions which
impact the expected utilization of contract benefits, options and guarantees.
Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions. This risk is
impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions,
especially changes in the levels of interest rate and equity markets, tax law,
regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder preferences. This risk
exists in many of our product lines, but most notably within the annuity
portfolio of business. 

 The
emergence of significant adverse experience compared to the initial assumptions
at policy issuance or updated assumption would require an adjustment to DAC and
benefit reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations for a particular period.  

 For additional discussion of the impact of actual and
expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves see Critical Accounting
Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance
Contracts and Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed Benefit Features of
Variable Annuity Products. For additional discussion of business risks see
Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations. 

 Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Programs 

 Our Individual
and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with guaranteed
living benefit (GLB) riders that guarantee a certain level of lifetime benefits.
GLBs are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with
changes in the fair value recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). GLB
features subject the Life and Retirement companies to market risk, including
exposure to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market
volatility. 

 Variable annuity
product design is the first step in managing our exposure to these market risks.
Risk mitigation features of our variable annuity product design include GLB
rider fees indexed to an equity market volatility index, which can provide
additional fee assessments in periods of increased market volatility, required
minimum allocations to fixed accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and for
some of the variable annuity products, the utilization of volatility control
funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes in
market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements. 

 After reflecting
our product risk-mitigating features, we hedge our remaining economic exposure to
market risk within GLB features through our variable annuity hedging program,
which is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of these GLB
embedded derivatives, within established thresholds. The hedging program is
designed to provide additional protection against large and combined movements
in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under
multiple scenarios. 

 Our hedging
program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the
underlying economic risks in our GLB riders, based on the present value of the
future expected benefit payments for the GLB, less the present value of future GLB
rider fees, over numerous stochastic scenarios. This stochastic projection
method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including
mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization) in conjunction with
market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate option
prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare current
assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made to the
policyholder behavior assumptions. The risk of changes in policyholder behavior
is not explicitly hedged and such differences between expected and actual
policyholder behaviors will result in hedge ineffectiveness. 

 Due to  differences between the calculation of the economic hedge
target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which include
differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk
margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads.  

 For
information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in
fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as
additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the
valuation of the embedded derivatives see Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity
Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results . 

 In designing our
hedging portfolio for our variable annuity hedging program, we make assumptions
and projections about the future performance of the underlying contract holder
funds. To project future account value changes, we make assumptions about how
each of the underlying funds will perform. We map the contract holder funds to
a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best represent the liability
to be hedged. Basis risk exists due to the variance between these assumptions
and actual fund returns, which may result in variances between changes in the
hedging portfolio and changes in the economic hedge target. Net hedge results
and the cost of hedging are also impacted by differences between realized
volatility and implied volatility. 

 
  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            161 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 For index annuity and universal life products, we have a
hedging program designed to manage the index crediting strategies associated
with index annuity and index life products. This hedging program is designed to
offset the economic risk with respect to the index returns for the current
crediting rate reset period, and utilizes derivative instruments, including but
not limited to equity index options and futures contracts. Similarly as with
the variable annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the
economic hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the index annuity and index
life embedded derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative
movements. 

 To
manage the capital market exposures embedded within the economic hedge target,
we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in equity markets,
interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit spreads. Each
hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having
sensitivities that offset corresponding sensitivities in the associated
economic hedge targets, within internally defined threshold limits. Since the
relative movements of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary
over time or with market changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold
limits, and adjustments to the hedging portfolio are made periodically to
return the net exposure to within the threshold limits.  

 Our
hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not
limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and
swaptions, as well as other hedging instruments. In addition, within the
variable annuities hedging program, we purchase certain fixed income securities
and elect the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest
rate and credit spread exposures. To minimize counterparty credit risk the
majority of the derivative instruments utilized within the hedging programs
are  cleared through global exchanges. Over the counter derivatives utilized
within the hedging programs are highly collateralized. 

 The
hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to ensure that the economic
hedge targets and the associated derivative portfolios are within the threshold
limits, pursuant to the approved hedging strategy. Daily risk monitoring verifies
that the net risk exposures are within the approved net risk exposure threshold
limits. In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to determine the
program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under an array of
combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates, volatility
and credit spreads. Finally, hedging strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge
their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of our
overall risk appetite. 

 Reinsurance Activities 

 Reinsurance is
used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy and mitigate the insurance
loss (Life and Non-Life) exposure related to certain events such as natural and
man-made catastrophes or death events. Our subsidiaries operate worldwide
primarily by underwriting and accepting risks for their direct account on a
gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the exposure on either an individual
risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those risks exceed the desired
retention level. In addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting
transactions, we may be required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all
or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance entities, such as captives,
other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory pools. 

 Reinsurance markets include: 

 •     
  Traditional local and
global reinsurance markets including those in the United States, Bermuda,
London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance intermediaries; 

 •     
  Capital markets through
insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance transactions, such
as catastrophe bonds,  sidecars and similar vehicles; and 

 •     
  Other insurers that
engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 

 The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time will generally
depend on whether we are seeking: 

 •     
  proportional reinsurance,
whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to reinsurers; 

 •     
  non-proportional or
excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or 

 •     
  facultative contracts
that reinsure individual policies. 

 We
continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of
reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our
risk and profitability objectives. 

 Reinsurance
contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from their direct obligations to
insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program substantially mitigates our
exposure to potentially significant losses. 

 In certain
markets, we are required to participate on a proportional basis in reinsurance
pools based on our relative share of direct writings in those markets. Such
mandatory reinsurance generally covers higher-risk consumer exposures such as
assigned-risk automobile and earthquake, as well as certain commercial
exposures such as workers’ compensation. 


 


 

 162                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Reinsurance
Recoverable 

 AIG’s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of: 

 •     
  Paid losses recoverable
– balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss adjustment expenses paid by
our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected. 

 •     
  Ceded loss reserves –
ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, including
reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for IBNR. 

 •     
  Ceded reserves for
unearned premiums. 

 •     
  Life and Annuity
reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves). 

 At
December 31, 2018, total reinsurance recoverable assets were $38.2 billion.
These assets include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.5 billion,
ceded loss reserves of $32.0 billion including reserves for incurred but
not reported (IBNR) claims, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums of
$3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverable of $1.7 billion.
The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the resulting ultimate
losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple
years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. Any
adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount recorded for
ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2018 reflects a reasonable estimate of the
ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may, however, differ from the
reserves currently ceded.  

 The Reinsurance
Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic detailed assessments of the financial
strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both foreign and
domestic. The RCD monitors both the financial condition of reinsurers as well
as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers, and sets limits with
regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing to take with
reinsurers. As part of these assessments, we attempt to identify whether a
reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity and
liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in which a
foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews the nature of the risks ceded and
the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk. For
example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include provisions
that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce
exposure when a referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured
exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer
financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or
relevant risk-based capital (RBC) ratios fall below certain levels. We also set
maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the
recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from
unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM
review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit
limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude that
uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active
reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2018, we held $20.2 billion of collateral, in the form of
funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable
letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from
unaffiliated reinsurers.  

 The following table presents information for each reinsurer
representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance recoverable
assets: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
      
   
  
   A.M. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Best 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurer: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA+ 
   
  
   A++ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,375 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
   37.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,462 
   
  
 
   
   Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of January 29, 2019. 

 (b)  Total
reinsurance assets include both Property Casualty and Life and Retirement
reinsurance recoverable. 

 (c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable treaty balances.  

 (d)  Includes
$13.8 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive asbestos reinsurance
transaction and the 2017 Adverse Development Reinsurance agreement.  

 At
December 31, 2018, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any
individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reinsurer capital levels
continued to increase in 2018, thereby increasing the industry’s underwriting
capacity, which resulted in continued competition and lower rates for 2019
renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially
result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD,
in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these
developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the
reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to
mitigate any material risks arising from these developments.  

 For further
discussion of reinsurance recoverable see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            163 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Other BUSINESS RiskS 

 Derivative Transactions  

 We
utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure to interest
rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other risks. Credit risk
associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when
that contract has a positive fair value to us. The maximum potential exposure
will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a
function of maturity and market conditions. All derivative transactions must be
transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM. 

 We evaluate
counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the AIG Credit
Policy. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit,
guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements
and subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial
derivative transactions. We require credit enhancements in connection with
specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the
counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into
certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting
provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in
the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables
from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of
all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting
agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty
represents the net sum of estimated fair values. 

 The fair value
of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options,
swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as
a component of Other assets, was approximately $0.9 billion at both
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. Where applicable, these amounts
have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting
agreements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives
portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit rating: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
      AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      A 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
      BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
   526 
   
  
 
   
      Below investment grade * 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   915 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   922 
   
  
 



 *   Below investment grade includes not
rated. 

 For
additional discussion related to derivative transactions see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



 
  



 


 

 164                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Glos sary 

 


 Accident
year     The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events
occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid. 

 Accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted   The
combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted   The loss
ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior
year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Acquisition
ratio   Acquisition costs divided by net
premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire
new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA
and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to,
commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of
personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting.  

 Additional
premium  represents a premium on an
insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of
the policy. An additional premium may be assessed if the insured’s risk is
found to have increased significantly. 

 Adjusted
revenues    exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from
non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP
purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). 

 Assets under administration    include
assets under management and Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets that we sell or administer.  

 Assets under management  include assets in the
general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and
surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional
value of stable value wrap contracts. 

 Base
Spread     Net investment income excluding income from alternative
investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding
amortization of sales inducement assets. 

 Base
Yield   Net investment income excluding
income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of
average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments,
other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value
option has been elected. 

 Book
value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
and Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA)
(Adjusted book value per common share)  are
non-GAAP measures and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis.  Book value per common share
excluding AOCI is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding
AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value per common share
is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA
(Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares outstanding.  

 Casualty
insurance   Insurance that is primarily
associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the
insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 

 Combined
ratio   Sum of the loss ratio and the
acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 

 CSA    Credit Support Annex   A legal document generally
associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings
which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels. 

 CVA    Credit Valuation Adjustment   The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own
credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability
positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when
appropriate.  

 DAC    Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   Deferred costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
business or renewal of existing business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            165 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 DAC Related
to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments     An adjustment to DAC
and Reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC and
Unearned Revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity
securities available for sale and also, prior to 2018,
equity securities at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate
fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.  An adjustment
to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also recognized to
reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated assessments
that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale and also, prior to 2018, equity securities
at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (collectively referred to as “shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments”). 

 For
long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of
investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional
future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves). 

 Deferred
Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance     Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which
an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred
as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the
ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting
gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any
related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract
would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain
if favorable. 

 Expense
ratio   Sum of acquisition expenses and
general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned. 

 General
operating expense ratio   General operating
expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating expenses are those
costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the
organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and
bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses. 

 GIC/GIA    Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment
Agreement   A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of
principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of
time. 

 IBNR    Incurred But Not Reported   Estimates of claims
that have been incurred but not reported to us. 

 ISDA
Master Agreement   An agreement between two
counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions. 

 LAE    Loss Adjustment Expenses   The expenses directly
attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not
limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees and the portion of general expenses
allocated to claim settlement costs.  

 Loss
Ratio   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred divided by net premiums earned.  

 Loss
reserve development   The increase or
decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years    as a result of the
re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group
of claims. 

 Loss
reserves   Liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims
relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 

 Loan-to-Value
Ratio   Principal amount of loan amount
divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan. 

 Master
netting agreement   An agreement between
two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that
provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as
well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in
the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract. 

 Natural
catastrophe and man-made losses    are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain man-made events,
such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10 million threshold. 

 Net
premiums written  represent the sales of an
insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given
period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk
during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a
sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a
coverage period. 


 


 

 166                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Noncontrolling
interest  The portion of equity ownership
in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent
company. 

 Policy
fees  An amount added to a policy premium,
or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the
cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium
notices and other related expenses. 

 Pool
  A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of
the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by
each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage.  

 Premiums
and deposits – Life and Retirement  include
direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and
group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout annuities, as
well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts,
FHLB funding agreements and mutual funds. 

 Prior
year development  See Loss
reserve development . 

 RBC  Risk-Based Capital   A
formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
compared to the risks inherent in its business. 

 Reinstatement
premiums  Additional premiums payable to
reinsurers or receivable from insurers to restore coverage limits that have
been reduced or exhausted as a result of reinsured losses under certain excess
of loss reinsurance treaties. 

 Reinsurance  The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in
consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another
insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding
company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has
issued. 

 Retroactive
Reinsurance  S ee Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance . 

 Return
on equity – Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return
on equity)    is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. Adjusted Return on equity is derived by
dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG by
average Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity.  

 Return
premium  represents amounts given back to
the insured in the case of a cancellation, an adjustment to the rate or an
overpayment of an advance premium. 

 Salvage
 The amount that can be recovered by an
insurer for the sale of damaged goods for which a policyholder has been
indemnified (and to which title was transferred). 

 Severe
losses  are defined as non-catastrophic
individual first-party losses, surety and trade credit losses greater than $10
million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 SIA   Sales Inducement Asset   Represents enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and
investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and
amortized over the life of the contract. 

 Solvency
II     Legislation
in the European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective
on January 1, 2016. 

 Subrogation
    The
amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a
negligent third party or such party’s insurer.    

 Surrender
charge   A charge levied against an
investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity
contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.  

 Surrender
rate  represents annualized surrenders and
withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration. 

 Unearned
premium reserve     Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to
reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an
insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the
contract term. 

 VOBA   Value of Business Acquired   Present value of
projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            167 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Acronyms   

   

   


 
 Acro ny ms 

 


 
  
   
   A&H 
  Accident and Health Insurance 
   
  
   ISDA  
  International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   ABS   Asset-Backed
  Securities 
   
  
   Moody's 
  Moody's Investors’ Service Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   BCFP   Bureau
  of Consumer Financial Protection 
   
  
   NAIC  
  National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
   
  
 
   
   CDO   Collateralized
  Debt Obligations 
   
  
   NM  
  Not Meaningful 
   
  
 
   
   CDS   Credit
  Default Swap 
   
  
   NYSE  
  New York Stock Exchange 
   
  
 
   
   CMA   Capital
  Maintenance Agreement 
   
  
   OTC 
  Over-the-Counter 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS   Commercial
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
   OTTI  
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
   
  
 
   
   EGPs   Estimated
  gross profits 
   
  
   PCAOB  
  Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
   
  
 
   
   FASB   Financial
  Accounting Standards Board 
   
  
   RMBS  
  Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
 
   
   FRBNY  
  Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   S&P  
  Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
   
  
 
   
   GAAP   Accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
   
  
   SEC  
  Securities and Exchange Commission 
   
  
 
   
   GLB  
  Guaranteed Living Benefit 
   
  
   URR  
  Unearned revenue reserve 
   
  
 
   
   GMDB   Guaranteed
  Minimum Death Benefits 
   
  
   VIE  
  Variable Interest Entity 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



    



 
  



 
 


 

 168                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7A |  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

   


 
 ITEM 7A |  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk    

 The
information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk
Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by
reference. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            169 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 Part II 

 


 ITEM 8 |  Fin ancial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 American International Group, Inc.  

 Reference to Financial Statements and Schedules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   171   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017 
   
  
   172   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
  December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
   173   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
  for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
   174   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended
  December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
   175  
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
  ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
   176  
   
  
 
   
   Notes
  to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 1. 
   
  
   Basis of Presentation 
   
  
   178 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 2 . 
   
  
   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 3. 
   
  
   Segment Information 
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 4. 
   
  
   Business Combination 
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 5. 
   
  
   Fair Value Measurements 
   
  
   193 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 6. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
   214 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 7. 
   
  
   Lending Activities 
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 8. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   230 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 9. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 10. 
   
  
   Variable Interest Entities 
   
  
   235 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 11. 
   
  
   Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
   237 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 12. 
   
  
   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
   
  
   242 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 13 . 
   
  
   Insurance Liabilities 
   
  
   244 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 14. 
   
  
   Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 
   
  
   283 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 15. 
   
  
   Debt    
   
  
   285 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 16. 
   
  
   Contingencies, Commitments and
  Guarantees 
   
  
   287 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 17 . 
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
   289 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 18. 
   
  
   Earnings Per Share 
   
  
   294 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 19. 
   
  
   Statutory Financial Data and
  Restrictions 
   
  
   295 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 20. 
   
  
   Share-Based and Other Compensation
  Plans 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 21. 
   
  
   Employee Benefits 
   
  
   300 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 22. 
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 23 . 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 24. 
   
  
   Quarterly Financial Information
  (Unaudited) 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 25. 
   
  
   Information Provided in Connection
  With Outstanding Debt 
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 26 
   
  
   Subsequent Events 
   
  
   325 
   
  
 
   
   Schedules 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE I 
   
  
   Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in
  Related Parties at December 31, 2018 
   
  
   335 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE II 
   
  
   Condensed Financial Information of Registrant at
  December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017
  and 2016 
   
  
   336 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE III 
   
  
   Supplementary Insurance Information at December 31,
  2018, 2017 and 2016 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   340 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE IV 
   
  
   Reinsurance at December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and for
  the years then ended 
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE V 
   
  
   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts at December 31, 2018,
  2017 and 2016 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   342 
   
  
 



   

    



 
  



 

 

 


 

 170                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8  |   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   


 
 Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 


 To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.: 

 Opinions on the Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of American International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as
of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of
income, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, including the related notes
and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also
have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO).   

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2018 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 

 Basis for Opinions 

 The Company's management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.   

 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, management has excluded Validus Holdings, Ltd. and
Glatfelter Insurance Group (the “Acquired Businesses”) from its assessment of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 because they
were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2018. We
have also excluded the Acquired Businesses from our audit of internal control
over financial reporting. The Acquired Businesses are wholly-owned subsidiaries
whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and
our audit of internal control over financial reporting collectively represent
approximately 2 percent and 3 percent, respectively, of the related
consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2018. 

 Definition and Limitations of
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

  /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February 15, 2019 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1980. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            171 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet s 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except for share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2018 -
  $225,780; 2017 - $225,461) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value  (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for sale, at fair value
  (cost: 2017 - $1,305) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
 
   
   Other common and preferred stock, at fair value  (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance (portion
  measured at fair value: 2018 - $0; 2017 - $5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets (portion measured at fair value: 2018 -
  $5,894; 2017 - $6,248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,822 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, including restricted cash of $142 in
  2018 and $58 in 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $3,015; 2017 - $2,615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   314,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,356 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,248 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,024 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including restricted cash of $343 in 2018 and $317
  in 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $973; 2017 - $922) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,194 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account assets, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,030 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
  insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,432 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits (portion measured at fair value:
  2018 - $4,116; 2017 - $4,150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   142,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,602 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,648 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (portion measured at fair value: 2018 -
  $1,265; 2017 - $1,124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,050 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $2,213;
  2017 - $2,888) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   434,675 
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
 
   
   Contingencies, commitments and guarantees  (See Note 16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock, $2.50 par value; 5,000,000,000 shares authorized;
  shares issued: 2018 - 1,906,671,492 and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 - 1,906,671,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock, at cost; 2018 - 1,040,062,063 shares; 2017 -
  1,007,626,835 shares of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49,144) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   948 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 172                               AIG | 2018 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of I ncome 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,791 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (458) 
   
  
 
   
   Portion of other-than-temporary impairments on available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   fixed maturity securities recognized in Other comprehensive income
  (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
 
   
   Net other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities recognized in net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (251) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (487) 
   
  
 
   
   Other realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,457) 
   
  
 
   
   Total net realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 
   
      Other income  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,754 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,386 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,302 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Net gain on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,132 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   636 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,890 
   
  
     
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   898,405,537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
   910,141,242 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            173 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed
  maturity securities on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,975) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
      Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option
  attributable to changes in own credit risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,293) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,232) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 174                               AIG | 2018 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additional 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid-in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retained 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   holders' 
   
  
     
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   (325) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2017 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   principle, net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   568 
   
  
     
   
  
   (576) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   (344) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,293) 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2018 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49,144) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,413) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,309 
   
  
 



 See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            175 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
      (Income) loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in
  income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net (gains) losses on sales of securities available for
  sale and other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   (431) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,033) 
   
  
 
   
         Net gain on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
 
   
         (Gains) losses on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
         Unrealized losses in earnings – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,465 
   
  
 
   
         Equity in loss from equity method investments, net of
  dividends or distributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,053 
   
  
 
   
         Depreciation and other amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,090 
   
  
 
   
         Impairments of assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
 
   
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,325 
   
  
 
   
         Premiums and other receivables and payables – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 
   
         Reinsurance assets and funds held under reinsurance
  treaties 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,289) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,870) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,804) 
   
  
 
   
         Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,819) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,216) 
   
  
 
   
         Current and deferred income taxes – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
 
   
         Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   467 
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
         Total adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,761 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,818) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,502 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales or distributions of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,143 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,103 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,164 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,447 
   
  
 
   
         Divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
 
   
      Maturities of fixed maturity securities available for sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,749 
   
  
 
   
      Principal payments received on and sales of mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,074 
   
  
 
   
      Purchases of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49,856) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,978) 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (935) 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,839) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,874) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,421) 
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,369) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,651) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and restricted cash
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,717) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,100 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,999) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,785) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,041) 
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,672) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,570) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,238 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 176                               AIG | 2018 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF
CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (continued) 

 


 
  
   
   Supplementary Disclosure of Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Short-term investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Other assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,282 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
 
   
      Taxes 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   493 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash investing/financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder contract deposits included
  in financing activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,392 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,430 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
 



 *     Includes funds held for tax sharing
payments to AIG Parent, security deposits, replacement reserve deposits related
to our affordable housing investments, and security deposits for certain leased
aircraft and escrow funds related to our investment in Castle Holdings LLC’s
aircraft assets, which was sold in 2018 .              
 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            177 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 1. Basis of
Presentation 

 


 American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than  80  countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial and individual customers through
one of the most extensive worldwide property‑casualty networks of any
insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and
retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value  $2.50  per share (AIG
Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG).  On December 3, 2018, AIG’s Common Stock was voluntarily delisted
from the Tokyo Stock Exchange.  Unless the
context indicates otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean American
International Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term
“AIG Parent” means American International Group, Inc. and not any of its
consolidated subsidiaries. 

 The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of AIG Parent, our controlled
subsidiaries (generally through a greater than 50 percent ownership of
voting rights and voting interests), and variable interest entities (VIEs) of
which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in entities that we do
not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we have significant
influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in which we have more
than minor influence over the operating and financial policies, are accounted
for under the equity method unless we have elected the fair value option. 

 Certain of our
foreign subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements report
on fiscal-period ending November 30. The effect on our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations of all material events occurring at these
subsidiaries through the date of each of the periods presented in these
Consolidated Financial Statements has been considered for adjustment and/or
disclosure.  

 The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). All
material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

 Acquisition of Businesses 

 Validus 

 On July 18,
2018, we completed the purchase of Validus Holdings, Ltd. (Validus), a leading provider
of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset management services, for $5.5
billion in cash. The results of Validus following the date of the acquisition
are included in our General Insurance segment starting in the third quarter of
2018. Our North America results include the results of Validus Reinsurance,
Ltd. and Western World Insurance Group, Inc., while our International results
include the results of Talbot Holdings Ltd. 

 For
additional information relating to the acquisition of Validus, see Note 4.  

 Glatfelter 

 On November 6,
2018 AIG completed the purchase of Glatfelter Insurance Group, a full-service
broker and insurance company providing services for specialty programs and
retail operations.  

 Ellipse 

 On December 31,
2018, AIG Life Ltd., a U.K. AIG Life and Retirement company, completed the
acquisition of Ellipse, a specialist provider of group life risk protection in
the U.K. 

 Sales of Businesses 

 Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to Fairfax 

 On
October 18, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell certain insurance
operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The agreement
included the sale of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia,
Uruguay, Venezuela and Turkey. Fairfax acquired renewal rights for the
portfolios of local business written by our operations in Bulgaria, the Czech
Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume certain of our
operating assets and employees. Substantially all of the operations and renewal
rights that we agreed to sell to Fairfax were sold by December 31, 2017. 


 


 

 178                               AIG | 2018 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 AIG Fuji Life Insurance  

 On
November 14, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Fuji Life to FWD Group,
the insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Total cash consideration to us was
approximately $333 million. The transaction closed on April 30, 2017.  

 United Guaranty 

 On
December 31, 2016, we sold our 100 percent interest in United Guaranty Corporation
(United Guaranty) and certain related affiliates to Arch Capital Group Ltd.
(Arch) for total consideration of $3.3 billion, consisting of $2.2 billion of
cash and approximately $1.1 billion of newly issued Arch convertible non-voting
common-equivalent preferred stock  and reported a pre-tax gain of approximately $697 million . We also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends
from United Guaranty in the fourth quarter of 2016. However, due to pending
regulatory approvals, United Guaranty Asia was not included in the December 31,
2016 closing and $40 million of cash consideration was retained by Arch. The
sale of United Guaranty Asia was completed on July 1, 2017 and we received the
$40 million cash proceeds. In the first quarter of 2018, we sold our remaining
interest in Arch, which we received as part of the consideration for selling
United Guaranty to Arch in 2016. 

 Concurrent
with the closing, we entered into reinsurance agreements with Arch, including
an amended and restated 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement and an
aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement, pursuant to which we will
continue to be exposed to certain United Guaranty policies written between 2009
and 2016. 

 Ascot 

 On
September 16, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 20 percent
interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and our 100 percent interest in
the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada
Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Total consideration for the transaction
was $1.1 billion resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $162 million
attributable to AIG’s controlling interest, inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization
of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) capital requirements. The
transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we received approximately $244
million in net cash proceeds. 

 Korea Fund 

 On
November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the Korea Fund), completed the sale
of mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South Korea commonly known as the
Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield Properties for a total
consideration of $2.5 billion ,  of which $1.2 billion was used to
repay the fund’s debt.  The sale resulted in a  pr e- ta x g a in   ☐  f
 $1. 1  b i ll i  ☐  n    incl u de d
in  Othe r  Income, of which $464 million was attributable to AIG’s controlling
interest .    

 NSM 

 On August 31, 2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM
Insurance Group LLC (NSM), a managing general agent to ABRY Partners, a private
equity firm, for consideration of $201 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of
approximately $105 million in the third quarter of 2016. We retained an equity
interest in a newly formed joint venture, which we subsequently sold on May 11,
2018 to White Mountains Catskill Holdings, Inc. We will continue to provide
underwriting capacity to NSM. 

 Non-controlling interest in Fortitude 

 On
November 13, 2018, we completed the sale of a 19.9 percent ownership interest
in Fortitude Holdings to TCG, an affiliate of The Carlyle Group L.P. (Carlyle). 
Fortitude Holdings owns 100 percent of the outstanding common shares of
Fortitude Re and AIG has an 80.1 percent ownership interest in Fortitude
Holdings. We received $381 million in cash and will receive up to $95 million
of deferred compensation which is subject to certain purchase price
adjustments. To the extent we do not receive all or a portion of the planned distributions
within 18 months of the Fortitude Re Closing, TCG will pay us up to an
additional $100 million.  In connection with
the sale, we agreed to certain investment commitment targets into various
Carlyle strategies and to certain minimum investment management fee payments
within thirty-six months following the closing. We also will be required to pay
a proportionate amount of an agreed make-whole fee to the extent we fail to
satisfy such investment commitment targets. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            179 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 Use of Estimates 

 The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the
application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of
judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the
application of estimates and assumptions are considered our critical accounting
estimates and are related to the determination of: 

 •     
  liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses (loss reserves); 

 •     
  reinsurance assets; 

 •     
  valuation of future policy benefit
liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition; 

 •     
  valuation of liabilities for guaranteed
benefit features of variable annuity products; 

 •     
  valuation of embedded derivatives for
fixed index annuity and life products; 

 •     
  estimated gross profits to value
deferred policy acquisition costs for investment-oriented products; 

 •     
  impairment charges, including
other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale securities, impairments
on other invested assets, including investments in life settlements, and
goodwill impairment; 

 •     
  allowances for loan losses; 

 •     
  liability for legal contingencies;  

 •     
  fair value measurements of certain
financial assets and liabilities; and 

 •     
  income tax assets and liabilities,
including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset and the predictability
of future tax operating profitability of the character necessary to realize the
net deferred tax asset and estimates associated with the Tax Act. 

 These
accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of
which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual
experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.   

 Out of Period Adjustments 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2018, our results include out of period adjustments
relating to prior periods that decreased net income attributable to AIG by $77
million, and decreased Income from continuing operations before income taxes by
$98 million. The out of period adjustments are primarily related to decreases
in deferred policy acquisition costs and increases in policyholder contract
deposits. We determined that these adjustments were not material to the current
year or to any previously reported annual financial statements. Had these
adjustments been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income attributable
to AIG for the years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016 would have
increased by $95 million, and by $117 million, respectively.    

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of period adjustments
relating to prior years that increased Net loss attributable to AIG by $174
million and increased Loss from continuing operations before income taxes by
$57 million.  The out of period adjustments are primarily related to
income tax liabilities and ceded loss adjustment expenses.  



 
  



 

 

 


 

 180                               AIG | 2018 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

 


 The
following table identifies our significant accounting policies presented in
other Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements, with a reference to the
Note where a detailed description can be found: 



 
  



 Note 6.   Investments 

 •     
  Fixed maturity and equity securities 

 •     
  Other invested assets 

 •     
  Short-term investments 

 •     
  Net investment income 

 •     
  Net realized capital gains (losses) 

 •     
  Other-than-temporary impairments 

 Note 7.   Lending Activities 

 •     
  Mortgage and other loans receivable –
net of allowance 

 Note 8.   Reinsurance 

 •     
  Reinsurance assets – net of allowance 

 •     
  Retroactive reinsurance 

 Note 9.   Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

 •     
  Deferred policy acquisition costs 

 •     
  Amortization of deferred policy
acquisition costs 

 Note 10.   Variable Interest Entities 

   

 Note 11.   Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

 •     
  Derivative assets and liabilities, at
fair value 

 Note 12.   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

 Note 13.   Insurance Liabilities 

 •     
  Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses 

 •     
  Discounting of reserves 

 •     
  Future policy benefits 

 •     
  Policyholder contract deposits 

 •     
  Other policyholder funds 

 Note 14.   Variable Life and Annuity    Contracts 

 Note 15.   Debt 

 •     
  Long-term debt 

 Note 16.   Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

 •     
  Legal contingencies 

 Note 18.   Earnings Per Share 

 Note 23.   Income Taxes 



 
  



   



 
  



 Other significant accounting policies 

 Premiums  for short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the
inception date of the policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis
over the term of the related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are
reflected as premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of
the related coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as
premiums written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the
portion of premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage.
Reinsurance premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying
policies or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern
of a reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception
dates of the underlying policies throughout the year. 

 Reinsurance
premiums ceded under prospective reinsurance agreements are recognized as a
reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage is provided in
proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate. 

 Reinsurance premiums for assumed business are
estimated based on information received from brokers, ceding companies and
reinsureds. Any subsequent differences that arise regarding such estimates are
recorded in the periods in which they are determined. 

 Premiums
for long-duration insurance products and life contingent annuities are
recognized as revenues when due. Estimates for premiums due but not yet
collected are accrued.  

 Policy fees 
represent fees recognized from universal life and investment-type products
consisting of policy charges for the cost of insurance, policy administration
charges, surrender charges and amortization of unearned revenue reserves.
Policy fees are recognized as revenues in the period in which they are assessed
against policyholders, unless the fees are designed to compensate AIG for
services to be provided in the future.  Fees deferred as unearned revenue
are amortized in relation to the incidence of expected gross profits to be
realized over the estimated lives of the contracts, similar to DAC. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            181 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Other income  includes advisory fee income from the Life
and Retirement broker dealer business, as well as legal recoveries of $11
million, $27 million and $44 million from legacy crisis and other matters in
2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 Other
income from our Other Operations category consists of the following: 

 ·      
  Changes in fair value
relating to financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has
been elected. 

 ·      
  Interest income and
related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts
on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal and
interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as applicable. 

 ·      
  Dividend income from
common and preferred stock and earnings distributions from other investments. 

 ·      
  Changes in the fair
value of other securities sold but not yet purchased, futures, hybrid financial
instruments, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase. 

 ·      
  Income earned on real
estate based investments and related realized gains and losses from sales,
property level impairments and financing costs. 

 ·      
  Exchange gains and
losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 ·      
  Earnings from private
equity funds and hedge fund investments accounted for under the equity method. 

 ·      
  Changes in the fair
value of derivatives at AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries
(collectively AIGFP). 

 Cash  represents cash on hand and non-interest-bearing demand deposits. 

 Short-term investments  consist of interest‑bearing cash
equivalents, time deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell,
and investments, such as commercial paper, with original maturities within one
year from the date of purchase. 

 Premiums and other receivables – net of
allowance  include premium
balances receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and policyholders,
trade receivables for the Direct Investment book (DIB) and Global Capital
Markets (GCM) and other receivables. Trade receivables for GCM include cash
collateral posted to derivative counterparties that is not eligible to be
netted against derivative liabilities. The allowance for doubtful accounts on
premiums and other receivables was $216 million and $236 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 Other assets  consist of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses,
deposits, other deferred charges, real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized
software costs, goodwill, intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted
cash and derivative assets. 

 We offer
sales inducements which include enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to
contract holders (bonus interest) on certain annuity and investment contract
products. Sales inducements provided to the contract holder are recognized in
Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts
are deferred and amortized over the life of the contract using the same
methodology and assumptions used to amortize DAC  (see Note 9 herein) . To
qualify for such accounting treatment, the bonus interest must be explicitly
identified in the contract at inception. We must also demonstrate that such
amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on similar contracts without bonus
interest, and are higher than the contract’s expected ongoing crediting rates
for periods after the bonus period. The deferred bonus interest and other
deferred sales inducement assets totaled $752 million and
$738 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The amortization
expense associated with these assets is reported within Interest credited to
policyholder account balances in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Such
amortization expense totaled $156 million, $94 million and
$77 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 

 The cost
of buildings and furniture and equipment is depreciated principally on the
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (maximum of 40 years for
buildings and 10 years for furniture and equipment). Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred and expenditures for
improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We periodically assess the
carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of determining any asset
impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent costs directly related
to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software, are capitalized
and amortized using the straight-line method over a period generally not
exceeding five years.  

 Separate accounts  represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. Separate accounts may also include deposits
for funds held under stable value wrap funding agreements, although the
majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based on the notional amount
included in assets under management and do not include the receipt of funds.  For
a more detailed discussion of separate accounts see Note 14 herein .  

 
 


 

 182                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Other liabilities  consist of other funds on deposit, other payables,
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities sold but not yet
purchased, derivative liabilities and deferred gains on retroactive reinsurance
agreements. We have entered into certain insurance and reinsurance contracts,
primarily in our General Insurance companies, that do not contain sufficient
insurance risk to be accounted for as insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly,
the premiums received on such contracts, after deduction for certain related
expenses, are recorded as deposits within Other liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits are invested and generate Net
investment income. As amounts are paid, consistent with the underlying
contracts, the deposit liability is reduced. Also included in Other liabilities
are trade payables for the DIB and GCM, which include option premiums received
and payables to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on
futures, forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and
exchanges. Trade payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from
derivative counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against
derivative assets. 

 Securities sold
but not yet purchased represent sales of securities not owned at the time of
sale. The obligations arising from such transactions are recorded on a
trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair values of securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.   

 Foreign currency:   Financial
statement accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into
U.S. dollars. Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional
currencies are generally the currencies of the local operating environment.
Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional
currency of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional
currency resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The
adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign
entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income.  

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest  is the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not
attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. 

 Accounting Standards Adopted During 2018 

 Revenue Recognition 

 In May 2014, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that supersedes most existing revenue
recognition guidance. The standard excludes from its scope the accounting for
insurance contracts, leases, financial instruments, and certain other
agreements that are governed under other GAAP guidance, but could affect the
revenue recognition for certain of our other activities. 

 We adopted the
standard using the modified retrospective approach on its required effective
date of January 1, 2018.  Our analysis of revenues indicated that substantially
all of our revenues were from sources excluded from the scope of the standard. 
For those revenue sources within the scope of the standard, there were no
material changes in the timing or measurement of revenues based upon the
guidance.  As substantially all of our revenue sources were excluded from the
scope of the standard, the adoption of the standard did not have a material
impact on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 In January 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires equity investments that do
not follow the equity method of accounting or are not subject to consolidation
to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings,
while financial liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been
elected, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk are
presented separately in other comprehensive income. The standard allows the
election to record equity investments without readily determinable fair values
at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes with
changes in the carrying value of the equity investments recorded in earnings.
The standard also updates certain fair value disclosure requirements for
financial instruments carried at amortized cost. 

 We adopted the
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. The impact of the adoption is primarily related to
the reclassification of unrealized gains of equity securities resulting in a
net decrease to beginning Accumulated other comprehensive income and a corresponding
net increase to beginning Retained earnings of $824 million.     

 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 

 In August 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that addresses diversity in how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. The amendments provide clarity on the treatment of eight
specifically defined types of cash inflows and outflows.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            183 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 We adopted the standard retrospectively on its effective
date of January 1, 2018. The standard addresses presentation in the statement
of cash flows only and did not have a material impact on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or required
disclosures.    

 Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory 

 In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires an entity to recognize the
income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a
third party.  

 We adopted the
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using a modified
retrospective approach.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material
impact on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or required disclosures.  

 Restricted Cash 

 In November
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance on the
presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows.  Entities
are required to explain the changes during a reporting period in the total of
cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or
restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows.   

 We adopted the
standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The standard
addresses presentation of restricted cash in the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows only and had no impact on our reported consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or required disclosures. 

 Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets 

 In February
2017, the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the scope of the
derecognition guidance for the sale, transfer and derecognition of
non-financial assets to noncustomers that aligns with the new revenue
recognition principles.  The standard also adds new accounting for partial
sales of nonfinancial assets (including real estate) that requires an entity to
derecognize a nonfinancial asset when it 1) ceases to have a controlling
financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset based on the
consolidation model and 2) transfers control of the asset based on the revenue
recognition model. 

 We adopted this
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. Based on our evaluation, the adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension and Postretirement
Benefit Cost 

 In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires entities to report the
service cost component of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs
in the same line item as other compensation costs arising from services
rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of
net periodic benefit costs are required to be separately presented in the
income statement. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to
be eligible for capitalization when applicable.  

 We adopted this
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The standard primarily
addresses the presentation of the service cost component of net periodic
benefit costs in the income statement. AIG’s U.S. pension plans are frozen and
no longer accrue benefits, which are reflected as service costs.
Therefore, the standard did not have a material impact on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required
disclosures. 

 Modification of Share-Based Payment Awards 

 In May 2017, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance about which changes
to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
apply modification accounting.    

 We prospectively
adopted this standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 and the standard
did not have a material impact on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures.           

 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income 

 In February
2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard that allows the optional
reclassification of stranded tax effects within accumulated
other comprehensive income to retained earnings that arise due to the
enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Act). The amount of
the reclassification would reflect the impact of the change in the U.S.
federal corporate income tax rate on the gross deferred tax amounts and
related valuation allowances, if any, at the date of enactment of the Tax
Act and other income tax effects of the Tax Act on items remaining in accumulated
other comprehensive income. 


 


 

 184                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 We adopted the standard effective January 1, 2018. The
impact of the adoption of the standard resulted in an increase to beginning
Accumulated other comprehensive income and a corresponding decrease to
beginning Retained earnings of $248 million.  For more information on the
adoption of the Tax Act, see Note 23.              

 Future Application of Accounting Standards 

 Leases 

 In February
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require lessees with
lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize a right of use asset and a
corresponding lease liability on their balance sheets. For income statement
purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as
either operating leases or finance leases. Lessor accounting remained
largely the same, with the exception of certain specified changes. The standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim
periods within those years, using a modified retrospective approach, and
provides for certain practical expedients in transition. During 2018, the FASB
issued several amendments and targeted improvements to ease with the
application of the standard, including the addition of a transition approach
that gives the Company the option of applying the standard at either the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the
period of adoption.     

 We plan to adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2019, by recognizing a
cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings for
leases existing at the date of adoption.  We will also elect certain
practical expedients that allow us not to reassess existing leases under the
new guidance. Based on our analysis, the vast majority of the Company’s lease
obligation pertained to real estate utilized in the operation of our
businesses. Consequently, the primary impact of adoption will result in
the recognition of a right of use asset and a lease liability for operating
leases pertaining to our real estate portfolio that are expected to represent
less than one percent of the Company’s Total Assets and Total Liabilities,
respectively. We do not expect the standard to have a material effect on
our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows or required disclosures.  See Note 16, Contingencies, Commitments and
Guarantees for additional information. 

 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses 

 In June 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will change how entities account
for credit losses for most financial assets, trade receivables and reinsurance
receivables.  The standard will replace the existing incurred loss
impairment model with a new “current expected credit loss model” that generally
will result in earlier recognition of credit losses.  The standard will apply
to financial assets subject to credit losses, including loans measured at
amortized cost, reinsurance receivables and certain off-balance sheet credit
exposures.  Additionally, the impairment of available-for-sale debt securities,
including purchased credit deteriorated securities, are subject to the new
guidance and will be measured in a similar manner, except that losses will be
recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the
securities.  The standard will also require additional information to be
disclosed in the footnotes. 

 We plan to adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2020.   We are continuing to develop our implementation plan to
adopt the standard and are assessing the impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
required disclosures.  While we expect an increase in our allowances for credit
losses for the financial instruments within scope of the standard, given the
objective of the new standard, the amount of any change will be dependent on
our portfolios’ composition and quality at the adoption date as well as
economic conditions and forecasts at that time.  

 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment 

 In January 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that eliminates the requirement to
calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, through a hypothetical purchase
price allocation, to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead, entities
will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit’s
carrying amount over its fair value not to exceed the total amount of goodwill
allocated to that reporting unit.  An entity should also consider income tax
effects from tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting
unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable.    

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating
the timing of our adoption. Any impact of the standard will be dependent on the
market conditions of the reporting units at the time of adoption. 

 Premium Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities 

 In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that shortens the amortization period
for certain callable debt securities held at a premium by requiring the premium
to be amortized to the earliest call date.  The standard does not require an
accounting change for securities held at a discount, which continue to be
amortized to maturity.   

 We plan to adopt
the standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2019. We do
not expect the standard to have a material impact on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            185 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Derivatives and Hedging 

 In August 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that improves and expands hedge
accounting for both financial and commodity risks. The provisions of the
amendment are intended to better align the accounting with an entity’s risk
management activities, enhance the transparency on how the economic results are
presented in the financial statements and the footnote, and simplify the
application of hedge accounting treatment. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We will adopt the
standard on its effective date. The standard’s impact is not material to
our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows and required
disclosures.            

 Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts 

 In
August 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard update with the objective
of making targeted improvements to the existing recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure requirements for long-duration contracts issued by
an insurance entity. The standard prescribes significant and comprehensive
changes to recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure as summarized
below: 

 •     
  Requires the review and if necessary
update of future policy benefit assumptions at least annually for traditional
and limited pay long duration contracts, with the recognition and separate
presentation of any resulting re-measurement gain or loss  (except for discount rate changes as noted below)  in the income statement. 

 •     
  Requires the discount rate assumption
to be updated at the end of each reporting period using an upper medium grade
(low-credit risk) fixed income instrument yield that maximizes the use of
observable market inputs and recognizes the impact of changes to discount rates
in other comprehensive income. 

 •     
  Simplifies the amortization of deferred
acquisition costs (DAC) to a constant level basis over the expected term of the
related contracts with adjustments for unexpected terminations, but no longer
requires an impairment test.  

 •     
  Requires the measurement of all market
risk benefits associated with deposit (or account balance) contracts at fair
value through the income statement with the exception of instrument-specific
credit risk changes, which will be recognized in other comprehensive income. 

 •     
  Increased disclosures of disaggregated
roll-forwards of policy benefits, account balances, market risk benefits,
separate account liabilities and information about significant inputs,
judgments and methods used in measurement and changes thereto and impact of
those changes. 

 We
plan to adopt the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2021. We are
evaluating the method of adoption and impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
required disclosures.  The adoption of this standard is expected to have a
significant impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows and required disclosures, as well as systems, processes
and controls. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 186                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 3. Segment
Information 

 


 We report our results of operations consistent with the
manner in which our chief operating decision makers review the business to
assess performance and allocate resources, as follows: 

 General Insurance 

 General
Insurance  business is presented as two
operating segments: 

 ·         North America  — consists of insurance businesses in the United States,
Canada and Bermuda. This also includes the results of Validus Reinsurance, Ltd.
and Western World Insurance Group, Inc. as of the acquisition date.  

 ·         International  — consists of insurance businesses in Japan, the United
Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Puerto Rico, Australia, the
Middle East and Africa. This also includes the results of Talbot Holdings, Ltd.
as of the acquisition date. 

 Results are presented before internal reinsurance
transactions.  North America and International operating segments consist
of the following products: 

 –     Commercial
Lines — consists of Liability, Financial Lines, Property and Special
Risks. 

 –     Personal
Insurance — consists of Personal Lines and Accident and Health.  

 Life and Retirement 

 Life
and Retirement business is presented as four operating segments:  

 ·         Individual Retirement  — consists of fixed annuities, fixed index annuities,
variable annuities and retail mutual funds. 

 ·         Group Retirement  — consists of group mutual funds, group fixed annuities,
group variable annuities, individual annuity and investment products, financial
planning and advisory services. 

 ·         Life Insurance  — primary products in the U.S. include term life and
universal life insurance. International operations include distribution of life
and health products in the UK and Ireland. 

 ·         Institutional Markets  — consists of stable value wrap products, structured
settlement and pension risk transfer annuities, corporate- and bank-owned life
insurance and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs). 

 Other Operations 

 Other Operations category consists of: 

 ·         Income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate
subsidiaries. 

 ·         General operating expenses not attributable to specific
reporting segments. 

 ·         Interest expense. 

 ·         Blackboard  — a subsidiary focused on delivering commercial insurance solutions
using digital technology, data analytics and automation. 

 ·         United Guaranty  — Mortgage insurance protects mortgage
lenders and investors against the increased risk of borrower default related to
high loan-to-value mortgages. The sale of this business was completed on
December 31, 2016.   

 ·         Fuji Life  — consists of term insurance, life
insurance, endowment policies and annuities. The sale of this business was
completed on April 30, 2017. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            187 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 Legacy Portfolio 

 Legacy Portfolio
represents exited or discontinued product lines, policy forms or distribution
channels. Effective February 2018, our Bermuda domiciled composite reinsurer,
Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re), formerly known as DSA
Reinsurance Company, Ltd., is included in our Legacy Portfolio. 

 ·      
  Legacy
Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines  —  Reserves
consist of certain structured settlements, pension risk transfer annuities and
single premium immediate annuities written prior to April 2012.  Also includes
exposures to whole life, long-term care and exited accident & health
product lines. 

 ·      
  Legacy
General Insurance Run-Off Lines  —  Reserves
consist of excess workers’ compensation, environmental exposures and exposures
to other products within General Insurance that are no longer actively
marketed.   Also includes the
remaining reserves in Eaglestone Reinsurance Company (Eaglestone).   

 ·      
  Legacy
Investments  —  Includes investment classes that we have
placed into run-off including holdings in direct investments as well as
investments in global capital markets and global real estate. 

 On
December 31, 2016, we completed the sale of United Guaranty to Arch.  See
Note 1 for a further discussion. 

 In the second
quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our General
Insurance companies entered into a 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement
whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk
relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1,
2015 and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in
2015 and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and
reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the
effect of this intercompany reinsurance arrangements is included in the results
of Property and Special Risks and Other Operations for all periods presented.
Previously, this arrangement was eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.
Concurrent with the closing of the sale of United Guaranty, we amended and
restated this arrangement and expect the results of this arrangement to
continue to be reported in Property and Special Risks. 

 Investment
income of the General Insurance companies is attributed to the North America
and International operating segments based on an internal investment income
allocation model. The model estimates investable funds based primarily on loss
reserves and unearned premiums. Investment income of the Life and Retirement
companies is attributed to the Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life
Insurance and Institutional Markets operating segments as well as the Legacy
Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines based on invested assets in segregated
product line portfolios; income from invested assets in excess of liabilities
is allocated to product lines based on internal capital estimates. 

 We evaluate
segment performance based on adjusted revenues and adjusted pre-tax income
(loss). Adjusted revenues and adjusted pre-tax income (loss) are derived by
excluding certain items from total revenues and net income (loss) attributable
to AIG, respectively.  For the items excluded from adjusted revenues and
adjusted pre-tax income (loss) see the table below. 


 


 

 188                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 The following table presents AIG’s continuing
operations by operating segment:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjusted 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Revenues  
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   of DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,596 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (469) 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   630 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   786 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,190 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   636 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,584) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
  adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,813 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,728 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,409 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items from adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (254) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
 
   
   Income from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
  amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Integration and transaction costs associated with acquired
  businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (395) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and Pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,600 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
  adjusted  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            189 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 

 
  
   
   Reconciling Items from
  adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (291) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gain on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
 
   
   Income from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
  amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (303) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
  adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54,191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,945 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items from adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 
   
   Income from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
  amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (694) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and Pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 



 *   Includes
all net realized capital gains and losses except earned income (periodic
settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used
for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication. 

 The following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets
and capital expenditures by legal entity category: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Year-End
  Identifiable Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
  Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   247,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   289,457 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   140,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,425 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,670) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 190                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 The following table presents AIG’s
consolidated total revenues and real estate and other fixed assets, net of
accumulated depreciation, by major geographic area: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Real
  Estate and Other Fixed Assets,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   Total
  Revenues * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of
  Accumulated Depreciation 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,003 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,871 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,496 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   892 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,522 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,660 
   
  
 



 *    Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting unit.
International revenues consists of revenues from our General Insurance
International operating segment.                          



 
  



 

 4. Business
Combination 

 


 On July 18,
2018, we completed the purchase of a 100 percent voting interest in Validus, a
leading provider of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset management
services, for $5.5 billion in cash. This transaction was made with the intent
to strengthen our global General Insurance business by expanding our current
product portfolio through additional distribution channels and advancing the
tools available to enhance underwriting. The impact of the acquisition on Total
revenues, Net income (loss), and Net income (loss) attributable to AIG was $1.4
billion, $(206) million, and $(206) million, respectively, for 2018. Integration
and transaction costs associated with the acquisition of Validus were $101
million for 2018 and are included in General operating and other expenses in
our Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 As part of the
purchase, we guaranteed 6,000 issued and outstanding 5.875% Non-Cumulative
Preference Shares, Series A (the Series A Preference Shares) and 10,000 issued
and outstanding 5.800% Non-Cumulative Preference Shares, Series B (together
with the Series A Preference Shares, the Preference Shares). On October 30,
2018, Validus redeemed all of its outstanding Preference Shares at a redemption
price of $26,000 per Preference Share for approximately $416 million in the
aggregate. 

 The purchase was
accounted for under the acquisition method. Accordingly, the total purchase
price was allocated to the estimated fair values of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. This allocation resulted in the purchase price exceeding
the fair value of net assets acquired, which results in a difference recorded
as goodwill. Goodwill generated from the acquisition is attributable to
expected synergies from future growth and potential future monetization
opportunities.  Goodwill related to the
purchase of Validus assigned to our General Insurance operating segments was
$1.8 billion for North America and $157 million for International. 

 In addition,
Validus participates in the market for insurance-linked securities (ILS)
primarily through AlphaCat Managers, Ltd (AlphaCat Manager). AlphaCat Manager
is an asset manager primarily for third-party investors and in connection with
the issuance of ILS invests in AlphaCat funds which are considered variable
interest entities (VIEs). ILS are financial instruments for which the values
are determined based on insurance losses caused primarily by natural
catastrophes such as major earthquakes and hurricanes. We report the investment
in AlphaCat funds, which is approximately $116 million at December 31, 2018, in
Other Invested Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            191 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    4. Business Combination   


 
 The following table summarizes the estimated
provisional fair values of major classes of identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed as of July 18, 2018: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   July
  18, 2018 
   
  
 
   
   Identifiable net
  assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,613 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,130 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,692 
   
  
 
   
   Value of business acquired* 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including
  restricted cash of $93 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid claims and
  claims adjustment expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,138) 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,083) 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,106) 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (913) 
   
  
 
   
   Preference shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
 
   
   Total identifiable net assets
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,478 
   
  
 
   
   Cash consideration paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,475 
   
  
 
   
   Goodwill recognized
  from acquisition 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,997 
   
  
 



 *    Reported
in Deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 The following unaudited summarized pro forma consolidated income
statement information assumes that the acquisition of Validus occurred as of
January 1, 2017. The pro forma amounts are for comparative purposes only, may
not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have resulted had
the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the applicable period and
may not be indicative of the results that will be attained in the future. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018* 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017* 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,588 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,009 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,104) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,132) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per
  common share attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.06) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.59) 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.06) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.59) 
   
  
 



 * Pro forma adjustments were made to Validus
external reporting results prior to the acquisition date for the
deconsolidation of certain asset management entities consistent with AIG’s post
acquisition accounting, which had no impact on Net income attributable to
Validus. 

 The following table presents details of the identified intangible
assets acquired: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Estimated Weighted 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except
  years) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Useful Life 
   
  
 
   
   Definite lived
  intangibles 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of distribution network
  acquired (a)(b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 years 
   
  
 
   
   Value of business acquired (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 years 
   
  
 
   
   Indefinite lived
  intangibles (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Syndicate capacity 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a) Reported
in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 (b)
Amortization is reported in General operating and other expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 

 (c)
Reported in Deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
and Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated
Statement of Income (Loss). 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 192                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 5. Fair
Value Measurements 

 


 Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis 

 We carry certain
of our financial instruments at fair value. We define the fair value of a
financial instrument as the amount that would be received from the sale of an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. We are responsible for the determination
of the value of the investments carried at fair value and the supporting
methodologies and assumptions. 

 The degree of
judgment used in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally
inversely correlates with the level of observable valuation inputs. We maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active
markets generally have more pricing observability and less judgment is used in
measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments for which no quoted
prices are available have less observability and are measured at fair value
using valuation models or other pricing techniques that require more judgment.
Pricing observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of
financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and
not yet established, the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity
and general market conditions. 

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

 Assets
and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are
measured and classified in accordance with a fair value hierarchy consisting of
three “levels” based on the observability of valuation inputs: 

 •     
  Level
1:  Fair value measurements
based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that we have the ability
to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market price data generally is
obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not adjust the quoted price for
such instruments. 

 •     
  Level
2:    Fair value measurements based on inputs
other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at
commonly quoted intervals. 

 •     
  Level
3:  Fair value measurements
based on valuation techniques that use significant inputs that are
unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The circumstances for
using these measurements include those in which there is little, if any, market
activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must make certain
assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant would use to
value that asset or liability.  

 In
certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different
levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is
determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. 

 The
following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments
carried at fair value. These methodologies are applied to assets and
liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it is the observability of
the inputs used that determines the appropriate level in the fair value
hierarchy for the respective asset or liability. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            193 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value 

 Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements 

 •     
  Our
Own Credit Risk.     Fair value measurements for certain
liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the explicit cost
for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure to us at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond spreads. We
calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date.  For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products see Embedded Derivatives
within Policyholder Contract Deposits below. 

 •     
  Counterparty
Credit Risk. 
   Fair value
measurements for freestanding derivatives incorporate counterparty credit by
determining the explicit cost for us to protect against our net credit exposure
to each counterparty at the balance sheet date by reference to observable
counterparty CDS  spreads, when
available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable credit
spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty spreads.
Our net credit exposure to a counterparty is determined based on master netting
agreements, which take into consideration all derivative positions with the
counterparty, as well as collateral posted by the counterparty at the balance
sheet date. 

 Fair
values for fixed maturity securities based on observable market prices for
identical or similar instruments implicitly incorporate counterparty credit
risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities based on internal models
incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount rates that take into
consideration cash issuance spreads for similar instruments or other observable
information. 

 For fair values
measured based on internal models, the cost of credit protection is determined
under a discounted present value approach considering the market levels for
single name CDS spreads for each specific counterparty, the mid-market value of
the net exposure (reflecting the amount of protection required) and the
weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS spreads are provided to us by an
independent third party. We utilize an interest rate based on the benchmark
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) curve to derive our discount rates. 

 While this
approach does not explicitly consider all potential future behavior of the
derivative transactions or potential future changes in valuation inputs, we
believe this approach provides a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the
assets and liabilities, including consideration of the impact of
non-performance risk. 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure fixed maturity securities at fair value.
Market price data is generally obtained from dealer markets. 

 We employ
independent third - party valuation service providers to gather, analyze, and
interpret market information to derive fair value estimates for individual
investments, based upon market - accepted methodologies and assumptions. The methodologies
used by these independent third - party valuation service providers are reviewed and
understood by management, through periodic discussion with and information
provided by the independent third-party valuation service providers. In
addition, as discussed further below, control processes are applied to the fair
values received from independent third - party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values. 

 Valuation
service providers typically obtain data about market transactions and other key
valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of market-accepted
valuation methodologies, which may utilize matrix pricing, financial models,
accompanying model inputs and various assumptions, provide a single fair value
measurement for individual securities. The inputs used by the valuation service
providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from completed
transactions for identical securities and transactions for comparable
securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, prepayment
rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency rates, quoted prices for
similar securities and other market - observable information, as applicable. If fair value is
determined using financial models, these models generally take into account,
among other things, market observable information as of the measurement date as
well as the specific attributes of the security being valued, including its
term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and when applicable,
collateral quality and other security or issuer - specific information. When market transactions or other
market observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in
determining fair value is greatly increased. 


 


 

 194                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 We have control processes
designed to ensure that the fair values received from independent third-party
valuation service providers are accurately recorded, that their data inputs and
valuation techniques are appropriate and consistently applied and that the
assumptions used appear reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining
fair value. We assess the reasonableness of individual security values received
from independent third-party valuation service providers through various
analytical techniques, and have procedures to escalate related questions
internally and to the independent third-party valuation service providers for
resolution. To assess the degree of pricing consensus among various valuation
service providers for specific asset types, we conduct comparisons of prices
received from available sources. We use these comparisons to establish a
hierarchy for the fair values received from independent third-party valuation
service providers to be used for particular security classes. We also validate
prices for selected securities through reviews by members of management who
have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing
investing transactions. 

 When our independent
third-party valuation service providers are unable to obtain sufficient market
observable information upon which to estimate the fair value for a particular
security, fair value is determined either by requesting brokers who are
knowledgeable about these securities to provide a price quote, which is
generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted valuation models. Broker
prices may be based on an income approach, which converts expected future cash
flows to a single present value amount, with specific consideration of inputs
relevant to particular security types. For structured securities, such inputs
may include ratings, collateral types, geographic concentrations, underlying
loan vintages, loan delinquencies and defaults, loss severity assumptions,
prepayments, and weighted average coupons and maturities. When the volume or
level of market activity for a security is limited, certain inputs used to
determine fair value may not be observable in the market. Broker prices may
also be based on a market approach that considers recent transactions involving
identical or similar securities. Fair values provided by brokers are subject to
similar control processes to those noted above for fair values from independent
third-party valuation service providers, including management reviews. For
those corporate debt instruments (for example, private placements) that are not
traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer restrictions,
valuations reflect illiquidity and non-transferability, based on available
market evidence. When observable price quotations are not available, fair value
is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates based
on credit spreads, yields or price levels of comparable securities, adjusted for
illiquidity and structure. Fair values determined internally are also subject
to management review to ensure that valuation models and related inputs are
reasonable. 

 The methodology
above is relevant for all fixed maturity securities including residential
mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS),
collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other asset‑backed securities (ABS)
and fixed maturity securities issued by government sponsored entities and
corporate entities. 

 Equity Securities Traded in Active Markets 

 Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure equity securities at fair value. Market price
data is generally obtained from exchange or dealer markets. 

 Mortgage and Other Loans Receivable 

 We estimate the
fair value of mortgage and other loans receivable that are measured at fair
value by using dealer quotations, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal
valuation models. The determination of fair value considers inputs such as
interest rate, maturity, the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral,
subordination, guarantees, past-due status, yield curves, credit curves,
prepayment rates, market pricing for comparable loans and other relevant
factors. 

 Other Invested Assets 

 We initially
estimate the fair value of investments in certain hedge funds, private equity
funds and other investment partnerships by reference to the transaction price.
Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair value of these investments from net
asset value information provided by the general partner or manager of the
investments, the financial statements of which are generally audited annually.
We consider observable market data and perform certain control procedures to
validate the appropriateness of using the net asset value as a fair value
measurement. The fair values of other investments carried at fair value, such
as direct private equity holdings, are initially determined based on
transaction price and are subsequently estimated based on available evidence
such as market transactions in similar instruments, other financing
transactions of the issuer and other available financial information for the
issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as appropriate. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            195 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Short-term
Investments 

 For short-term investments
that are measured at amortized cost, the carrying amounts of these assets
approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time between
origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to credit
risk.  Securities purchased under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase
agreements) are generally treated as collateralized receivables.  We report
certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements to
resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these
receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest rates
to determine fair value.  

 Separate Account Assets 

 Separate account
assets are composed primarily of registered and unregistered open-end mutual
funds that generally trade daily and are measured at fair value in the manner
discussed above for equity securities traded in active markets. 

 Freestanding Derivatives 

 Derivative
assets and liabilities can be exchange - traded or traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value
exchange - traded
derivatives such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets
for identical derivatives at the balance sheet date. 

 OTC derivatives
are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever
possible, including market - based inputs to models, model calibration to market
clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing
sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used, the
selection of a particular model to value an OTC derivative depends on the
contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in the instrument, as well as
the availability of pricing information in the market. We generally use similar
models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of
inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves,
credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of
such inputs. For OTC derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic
forwards, swaps and options, model inputs can generally be corroborated by
observable market data by correlation or other means, and model selection does
not involve significant management judgment. 

 For certain OTC
derivatives that trade in less liquid markets, where we generally do not have
corroborating market evidence to support significant model inputs and cannot
verify the model to market transactions, the transaction price may provide the
best estimate of fair value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value
such an instrument, the model is adjusted so the model value at inception
equals the transaction price. We will update valuation inputs in these models
only when corroborated by evidence such as similar market transactions,
independent third-party valuation service providers and/or broker or dealer
quotations, or other empirical market data. When appropriate, valuations are
adjusted for various factors such as liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit
considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market
evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used. 

 We value our
super senior credit default swap portfolio using prices obtained from vendors
and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the super senior credit derivatives is
complex because of the limited availability of market observable information
due to the lack of trading and price transparency in certain structured finance
markets. Our valuation methodologies for the super senior CDS portfolio have
evolved over time in response to market conditions and the availability of
market observable information. We have sought to calibrate the methodologies to
available market information and to review the assumptions of the methodologies
on a regular basis.  

 Embedded Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits 

 Certain variable
annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts contain embedded
derivatives that we bifurcate from the host contracts and account for
separately at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 
These embedded derivatives are classified within Policyholder contract
deposits.  We have concluded these contracts contain either (i) a written
option that guarantees a minimum accumulation value at maturity, (ii) a
written option that guarantees annual withdrawals regardless of underlying
market performance for a specific period or for life, or (iii) equity - indexed written options
that meet the criteria of derivatives and must be bifurcated. 


 


 

 196                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The fair value of embedded
derivatives contained in certain variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life
contracts is measured based on policyholder behavior and capital market
assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the
contracts. These discounted cash flow projections primarily include benefits
and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some instances, the projected
cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows related to benefit
payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying value of the embedded
derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected cash flows incorporate
best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including mortality,
lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with an explicit risk
margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of projected cash flows and
policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior assumptions are
subjective and based primarily on our historical experience. 

 Because of the
dynamic and complex nature of the projected cash flows with respect to embedded
derivatives in our variable annuity contracts, risk neutral valuations are
used, which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices.
Estimating the underlying cash flows for these products involves judgments
regarding expected market rates of return, market volatility, credit spreads, correlations
of certain market variables, fund performance, discount rates and policyholder
behavior. The portion of fees attributable to the fair value of expected
benefit payments are included within the fair value measurement of these
embedded derivatives, and related fees are classified in net realized gain/loss
as earned, consistent with other changes in the fair value of these embedded
policy derivatives.  Any portion of the fees not attributed to the embedded
derivatives are excluded from the fair value measurement and classified in
policy fees as earned. 

 With respect to
embedded derivatives in our equity - indexed annuity and life contracts, option pricing models
are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future
equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest
rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity - indexed credited rates in
light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions.  

 Projected cash
flows are discounted using the interest rate swap curve (swap curve), which is
commonly viewed as being consistent with the credit spreads for highly‑rated
financial institutions (S&P AA-rated or above). A swap curve shows the
fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against the floating rate (for
example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also incorporate our own risk
of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded derivatives associated with
variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts. The non-performance
risk adjustment reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying
ability by incorporating an additional spread to the swap curve used to
discount projected benefit cash flows in the valuation of these embedded
derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is calculated by constructing
forward rates based on a weighted average of observable corporate credit
indices to approximate the claims-paying ability rating of our Life and
Retirement companies. 

 Long-Term Debt 

 The fair value
of non-structured liabilities is generally determined by using market prices
from exchange or dealer markets, when available, or discounting expected cash
flows using the appropriate discount rate for the applicable maturity. We
determine the fair value of structured liabilities and hybrid financial
instruments (where performance is linked to structured interest rates,
inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation
methodology (described above) given the nature of the embedded risk profile. In
addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of both non-structured and
structured liabilities to reflect our own creditworthiness based on the
methodology described under the caption “Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair
Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk” above. 

 Borrowings under
obligations of guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by
us, are recorded at fair value using discounted cash flow calculations based on
interest rates currently being offered for similar contracts and our current
market observable implicit credit spread rates with maturities consistent with
those remaining for the contracts being valued. Obligations may be called at
various times prior to maturity at the option of the counterparty. Interest
rates on these borrowings are primarily fixed, vary by maturity and range up to
7.62 percent. 

 Other Liabilities 

 Other
liabilities measured at fair value include certain securities sold under
agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but not yet purchased.
Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to repurchase are
generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the fair value of
liabilities arising under these agreements by using market - observable interest rates.
This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate, yield curves and
other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but not yet purchased
are based on current market prices.  

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            197 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
on a Recurring Basis 

 The following table presents information about assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the level
of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (a) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,207 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,260 
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,445 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,525 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   129,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   864 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,700 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,784 
   
  
     
   
  
   917 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,701 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,827 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   202,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,665 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   424 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,290 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,714 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,478 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,932 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
 
   
     
  Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other invested assets (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   587 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   928 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,890 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
        
  Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,553) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   599 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,015 
   
  
 
   
     
  Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,202 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,847 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   217,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,706 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,840) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   328,822 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   858 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   858 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
        
  Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,900) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,238 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,097 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,365 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,594 
   
  
 




 


 

 198                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,240 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   209,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,802 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,560 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
 
   
        
  Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
 
   
        
  Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   519 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
 
   
     
  Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other invested assets (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   827 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,623) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
 
   
     
  Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,760 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   350,652 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,150 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,713) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,162 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting
agreements. 

 (b)   As a result of the adoption of the Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities standard on January
1, 2018 (Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard), equity
securities are no longer classified and accounted for as available for sale
securities. 

 (c)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value (NAV) per
share (or its equivalent), which totaled $5.0 billion and $6.0 billion as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            199 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2
Assets and Liabilities 

 Our policy is to
record transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and
Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are
transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with
sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are
transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and
frequency are indicative of an active market.  

 During the year ended
December 31, 2017, we transferred $392 million of securities issued by non-U.S.
government entities from Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer
considered actively traded. We had no material transfers of securities issued
by non-U.S. government entities from Level 1 to Level 2 during the year ended
December 31, 2018. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017, we transferred $806 million and $113 million, respectively, of
securities issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored entities from
Level 1 to Level 2. Additionally, we transferred $126 million of preferred
stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2017. We had
no material transfers of preferred stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during the
year ended December 31, 2018. There were no material transfers from
Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 


 


 

 200                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 The following tables present changes during the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2017 in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized gains (losses) related to
the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
31, 2018 and 2017: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,000 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (207) 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   (806) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   864 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
   (300) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,424) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   917 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (520) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,862) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,290 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   428 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (905) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,478 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   587 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,763 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (518) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,705) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,814 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,269) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,610 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains)
  Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   314 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   495 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative liabilities,
  net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
 
   
   Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   liabilities, net (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (462) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,269 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            201 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   886 
   
  
     
   
  
   (604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   942 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,472) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,582) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,861) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,647) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   956 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,643) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,763 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   487 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains)
  Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   296 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   liabilities, net (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (318) 
   
  
 



 (a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities. 


 


 

 202                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 (b)  Total Level 3 derivative exposures have been
netted in these tables for presentation purposes only. 

 (c)  Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable. 

 Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in income
related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,039 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   (Gains)
  Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            203 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following table presents the gross components
of purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net, shown above for years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 related to Level 3 assets and liabilities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases,
  Sales, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (207) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   715 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,424) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,073) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,163) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,319) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,862) 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (247) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (905) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,261) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,208) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,391) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,051) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,705) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   533 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,702) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,763) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (677) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,799) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (218) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,526) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,582) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,796) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,861) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,071) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,629) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,647) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   296 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
 



 (a)  There
were no issuances during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.    

 
 


 

 204                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to
determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3 in the tables
above. As a result, the unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December
31, 2018 and 2017 may include changes in fair value that were attributable to
both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities). 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 We
record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of Level 3
classification at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. The Net realized
and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive
income (loss) as shown in the table above excludes $33 million of net
gains and $64 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities
transferred into Level 3 during  2018  and 2017, respectively, and includes $18 million and
$36 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred out of
Level 3 during  2018  and 2017, respectively. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, transfers into Level 3 assets
primarily included certain investments in private placement corporate debt,
RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS. Transfers of private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were primarily the result of limited
market pricing information that required us to determine fair value for these
securities based on inputs that are adjusted to better reflect our own
assumptions regarding the characteristics of a specific security or associated
market liquidity. The transfers of investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due to decreases in market transparency
and liquidity for individual security types.  

 During the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, transfers out of Level 3 assets primarily
included private placement and other corporate debt, CMBS, RMBS, CDO/ABS and certain
investments in municipal securities. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market.  

 Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities 

 There
were no significant transfers of derivative or other liabilities into or out of
Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            205 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements 

 The table below presents information about the significant
unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for certain
Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which information about
the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,473 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.91%
  - 5.00% (4.46%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.35%
  - 5.99% (5.17%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,608 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   4.58%
  - 14.00% (9.29%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   39.66%
  - 74.40% (57.03%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   2.46%
  - 7.39% (4.92%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.31%
  - 5.50% (4.40%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,461 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.65%
  - 5.10% (4.37%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   447 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.29%
  - 6.07% (4.68%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guaranteed minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   withdrawal benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (GMWB) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,943 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   6.05%
  - 47.65% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.16%
  - 12.60% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse multiplier 
   
  
   20.00%
  - 180.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   40.00%
  - 153.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   90.00%
  - 100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity /
  interest rate correlation 
   
  
   20.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,778 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   42.00%
  - 162.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Option
  Budget 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 3.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 13.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 206                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,620 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
    3.55% -
  4.32% (3.94%)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.26% -
  12.22% (7.74%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,156 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
    3.97% -
  13.42% (8.69%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
    43.15%
  - 77.15% (60.15%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
    3.31% -
  8.30% (5.80%)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
    2.73% -
  5.19% (3.96%)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,254 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.38% - 4.78%
  (4.08%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   2.22% -
  7.77% (4.99%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity volatility 
   
  
    6.45% -
  51.25%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
    0.35% -
  14.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse multiplier 
   
  
    30.00%
  - 170.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
    40.00%
  - 153.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   90.00% -
  100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity /
  interest rate correlation 
   
  
    20.00%
  - 40.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
    0.50% -
  40.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
    42.00%
  - 162.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Option
  Budget 
   
  
    1.00% -
  4.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
    2.00% -
  19.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
    0.00% -
  40.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Information
received from third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the
unobservable inputs for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant
default rate relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that
comprise the entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization
vehicles and not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches)
purchased by us. The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to
changes in the fair values of the tranches purchased by us, because there are
other factors relevant to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including,
but not limited to, purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus
subordinated position and attachment points. 

 (b)  Represents
discount rates, estimates and assumptions that we believe would be used by
market participants when valuing these assets and liabilities. 

 (c)  Mortality
inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic
table. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            207 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states,
municipalities and political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and
CMBS valued using a discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard
deviation in either direction from the value‑weighted average. The
preceding table does not give effect to our risk management practices that
might offset risks inherent in these Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

 Sensitivity to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 

 We
consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available
and that are developed using the best information available to us about the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of the instrument being
measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a general description
of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along with
interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs and
their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply. 

 Obligations of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions 

 The
significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of certain
investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions
is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair
value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political
subdivisions. 

 Corporate Debt 

 Corporate
debt securities included in Level 3 are primarily private placement
issuances that are not traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer
restrictions. Fair value measurements consider illiquidity and
non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not available, fair
value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates
based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded debt
of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is affected by the market
movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In addition, the
migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a corresponding
effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For example, a downward
migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding U.S. Treasury rates
constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease the fair value
of corporate debt.   

 RMBS and CDO/ABS 

 The
significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements of RMBS and
certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation service providers are
constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant default rates (CDR)
and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the probability of default will
generally be accompanied by a corresponding change in the assumption used for
the loss severity and an inverse change in the assumption used for prepayment
rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss severity, CDR and yield, in
isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement. Changes in
fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship between the directional change of each input is not
usually linear. 

 CMBS 

 The
significant unobservable input used in fair value measurements for CMBS is the
yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage pool are factored into the
yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of prepayment risk than RMBS
because commercial mortgages generally contain a penalty for prepayment. In
general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair value of CMBS. 

 
 


 

 208                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract
deposits 

 Embedded derivatives reported within Policyholder contract
deposits include GMWB within variable annuity products and interest crediting
rates based on market indices within index annuities, indexed life and
guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For any given contract, assumptions
for unobservable inputs vary throughout the period over which cash flows are
projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. The following
unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded derivatives measured at fair
value: 

 •     
  Long-term equity
volatilities  represent equity
volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are
available. Increases in assumed volatility will generally increase the fair
value of both the projected cash flows from rider fees as well as the projected
cash flows related to benefit payments . Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability may
be either a decrease or an increase, depending on the relative changes in
projected rider fees and projected benefit payments.  

 •     
  Equity / interest rate
correlation estimates the relationship between changes in equity returns and
interest rates in the economic scenario generator used to value our GMWB
embedded derivatives.  In general, a higher positive correlation assumes that
equity markets and interest rates move in a more correlated fashion, which
generally increases the fair value of the liability.   

 •     
  Base lapse rate
assumptions are determined by company experience and are adjusted at the
contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which reduces the base lapse
rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the contract holder’s guaranteed
value, as estimated by the company, is worth more than their underlying account
value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a
surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally
decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer policyholders would persist
to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts.  

 •     
  Mortality rate
assumptions, which  vary by age
and gender, are based on company experience and include a mortality improvement
assumption. Increases in assumed mortality rates will decrease the fair value
of the liability, while lower mortality rate assumptions will generally
increase the fair value of the liability, because guaranteed payments will be
made for a longer period of time.  

 •     
  Utilization assumptions  estimate the timing when policyholders
with a GMWB will elect to utilize their benefit and begin taking withdrawals.
The assumptions may vary by the type of guarantee, tax-qualified status, the
contract’s withdrawal history and the age of the policyholder. Utilization
assumptions are based on company experience, which includes partial withdrawal
behavior. Increases in assumed utilization rates will generally increase the
fair value of the liability. 

 •     
  Option budget estimates
the expected long-term cost of options used to hedge exposures associated with
equity price changes. The level of option budgets determines future costs of
the options, which impacts the growth in account value and the valuation of
embedded derivatives.                                           

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            209 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Investments in Certain Entities Carried at Fair
Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share 

 The following table includes information related to our investments
in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds, hedge funds
and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value per share (or
its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to measure fair value. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Using
  NAV 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Using
  NAV 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Per
  Share (or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Per
  Share (or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Investment Category Includes 
   
  
     
   
  
   its
  equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   its
  equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Category * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Leveraged buyout 
   
  
   Debt and/or equity investments made as part of a transaction in
  which assets of mature companies are acquired from the current shareholders,
  typically with the use of financial leverage 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   706 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Real Estate /  
      Infrastructure 
   
  
   Investments in real estate properties and infrastructure
  positions, including power plants and other energy generating facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Venture capital 
   
  
   Early-stage, high-potential, growth companies expected to
  generate a return through an eventual realization event, such as an initial
  public offering or sale of the company 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Growth Equity 
   
  
   Funds that make investments in established companies for the
  purpose of growing their businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mezzanine 
   
  
   Funds that make investments in the junior debt and equity
  securities of leveraged companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   Includes distressed funds that invest in securities of companies
  that are in default or under bankruptcy protection, as well as funds that
  have multi-strategy, and other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
 
   
   Total private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,947 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Event-driven 
   
  
   Securities of companies undergoing material structural changes,
  including mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-short 
   
  
   Securities that the manager believes are undervalued, with
  corresponding short positions to hedge market risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   863 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Macro 
   
  
   Investments that take long and short positions in financial
  instruments based on a top-down view of certain economic and capital market
  conditions 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in default, under bankruptcy
  protection or troubled   
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   Includes investments held in funds that are less liquid, as well
  as other strategies which allow for broader allocation between public and
  private investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,966 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,997 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
 



 *  Beginning in the third quarter of 2018, Growth Equity and
Mezzanine private equity fund categories are shown separately. Prior
periods were revised to conform to the current period presentation.  

 
 


 

 210                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Private equity fund investments included above are not
redeemable, because distributions from the funds will be received when
underlying investments of the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are
generally expected to have 10-year lives at their inception, but these lives
may be extended at the fund manager’s discretion, typically in one or two-year
increments. At December 31, 2018, assuming average original expected lives of
10 years for the funds, 14 percent of the total fair value using net
asset value per share (or its equivalent) presented above would have expected
remaining lives of three years or less, 43 percent between four and six years
and 43 percent between seven and 10 years. 

 The hedge fund
investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally
redeemable monthly (35 percent), quarterly (32 percent), semi-annually (9 percent)
and annually (24 percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to
180 days. At December 31, 2018, investments representing approximately 51
percent of the total fair value of these hedge fund investments had partial
contractual redemption restrictions. These partial redemption restrictions are
generally related to one or more investments held in the hedge funds that the
fund manager deemed to be illiquid. The majority of these contractual
restrictions, which may have been put in place at the fund’s inception or
thereafter, have pre-defined end dates. The majority of these restrictions are
generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2019.    

 Fair Value Option 

 Under the fair
value option, we may elect to measure at fair value financial assets and
financial liabilities that are not otherwise required to be carried at fair
value. Subsequent changes in fair value for designated items are reported in
earnings. We elect the fair value option for certain hybrid securities given
the complexity of bifurcating the economic components associated with the
embedded derivatives.  

 For
additional information related to embedded derivatives refer to Note 11 herein. 

 Additionally, we
elect the fair value option for certain alternative investments when such
investments are eligible for this election. We believe this measurement basis
is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance used by the respective
investment company funds themselves. 

 For
additional information on securities and other invested assets for which we
have elected the fair value option refer to Note 6 herein. 

 The following table presents the gains or losses recorded related
to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair value option: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Gain
  (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bond and equity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   447 
   
  
 
   
      Alternative investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
      Other, including Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total gain 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   555 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   466 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

 Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Other Operations
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  

 For
additional information about our policies for recognition, measurement, and
disclosure of interest and dividend income  see Note 6  herein. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            211 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 During 2017 and  2016 , we recognized gains
of $4 million and $22 million, respectively, attributable to the
observable effect of changes in credit spreads on our own liabilities for which
the fair value option was elected. We calculate the effect of these credit
spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that incorporate current
market interest rates, our observable credit spreads on these liabilities and
other factors that mitigate the risk of nonperformance such as cash collateral
posted.  

 As a result of
the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard
on January 1, 2018, we are required to record unrealized gains and losses
attributable to the observable effect of changes in credit spreads on our
liabilities for which the fair value option was elected in Other Comprehensive
Income. An unrealized gain of $4 million was recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income for year ended December 31, 2018. 

 The following table presents the difference between fair values
and the aggregate contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable
and long-term debt for which the fair value option was elected: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans
  receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,280 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   608 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  

 There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2018 or 2017. 

 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS 

 We measure the
fair value of certain assets on a non-recurring basis, generally quarterly,
annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be recoverable. These assets include cost and
equity-method investments, commercial mortgage loans, investments in life
settlements, investments in real estate and other fixed assets, goodwill and
other intangible assets.  

 For
additional information about how we test various asset classes for impairment
see Notes 6 and 7 herein. 

 Information
regarding the estimation of fair value for financial instruments measured at
fair value on a non-recurring basis is discussed below: 

 •     
  Impairments for Other
investments for the period ended December 31, 2016 primarily relate to certain
investments in aircraft, the fair values of which are determined based on
third-party independent appraisals that use industry specific appraisal
standards and methodologies. Impairments for Other investments for the period
ended December 31, 2017 primarily relate to commercial mortgage loans, the fair
values of which are determined based on independent broker quotations or
valuation models using unobservable inputs, as well as the estimated fair value
of the underlying collateral or the present value of the expected future cash
flows.  The rest of the impairments relate to real estate investments, the fair
values of which are determined based on third-party independent appraisals or
discounted cash-flow models, as well as certain investments in aircraft, the
fair values of which are determined based on third-party independent appraisals
that use industry-specific appraisal standards and methodologies. Impairments
for Other investments for the period ended December 31, 2018 primarily relate
to real estate investments as well as commercial mortgage loans, the fair value
determination for which is discussed above under the heading Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value.  

 •     
  Impairments of
Investments in Life Settlements were measured using their fair values as
determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best
available market assumptions for mortality as well as market yields based on
reported transactions or the anticipated sale price, as appropriate. We sold
the remaining portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 


 


 

 212                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following
table presents assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at the
time of impairment and the related impairment charges recorded during the
periods presented: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets
  at Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairment
  Charges (a) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Recurring
  Basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 2  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 3  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   326 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   326 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   594 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   492 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Impairments
in 2017 included $35 million related to Other assets of $179 million that were
sold during the three-month period ended June 30, 2017.  

 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT
FAIR VALUE 

 Information
regarding the estimation of fair value for financial instruments not carried at
fair value (excluding insurance contracts and lease contracts) is discussed
below: 

 •     
  Mortgage
and other loans receivable: 
Fair values of loans on commercial real estate and other loans receivable are
estimated for disclosure purposes using discounted cash flow calculations based
on discount rates that we believe market participants would use in determining
the price that they would pay for such assets. For certain loans, our current
incremental lending rates for similar types of loans are used as the discount
rates, because we believe this rate approximates the rates market participants
would use. Fair values of residential mortgage loans are generally determined
based on market prices, using market based adjustments for credit and servicing
as appropriate.  The fair values of policy loans are generally estimated based
on unpaid principal amount as of each reporting date. No consideration is given
to credit risk because policy loans are effectively collateralized by the cash
surrender value of the policies. 

 •     
  Other
invested assets:    The majority of Other invested assets that
are not measured at fair value in 2016 represent investments in life
settlements. The fair value of investments in life settlements is determined
using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best available
market assumptions for longevity as well as market yields based on reported
transactions. Due to the individual life nature of each investment in life
settlements and the illiquidity of the existing market, significant inputs to
the fair value are unobservable. The majority of the Other invested assets that
are not measured at fair value in 2017 and 2018 represent time deposits with
the original maturity at purchase greater than one year. The fair value of
long-term time deposits is determined using the expected discounted future cash
flow. 

 •     
  Cash
and short-term investments: 
  The carrying amounts of these
assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time
between origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to
credit risk. 

 •     
  Policyholder
contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts:    Fair values for policyholder contract deposits associated with
investment-type contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated using
discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts with maturities consistent with those of the
contracts being valued. When no similar contracts are being offered, the discount
rate is the appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free interest
rate consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.  To
determine fair value, other factors include current policyholder account values
and related surrender charges and other assumptions include expectations about
policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk margin. 

 •     
  Other
liabilities:    The majority of Other liabilities that are
financial instruments not measured at fair value represent secured financing
arrangements, including repurchase agreements.  The carrying amounts of these
liabilities approximate fair value, because the financing arrangements are
short-term and are secured by cash or other liquid collateral. 

 •     
  Long-term
debt:    Fair values of these obligations were
determined by reference to quoted market prices, when available and
appropriate, or discounted cash flow calculations based upon our current market‑observable
implicit‑credit‑spread rates for similar types of borrowings with
maturities consistent with those remaining for the debt being valued. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            213 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following table presents the carrying
amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments not measured at
fair value and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated
fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Estimated Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,522 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,627 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,135 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   339 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   120,602 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,327 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,644 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,018 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   590 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   593 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,326 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,752 
   
  
 










 

 6. Investments 

 


 Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

 Bonds held to
maturity are carried at amortized cost when we have the ability and positive
intent to hold these securities until maturity. When we do not have the ability
or positive intent to hold bonds until maturity, these securities are
classified as available for sale or are measured at fair value at our election.
None of our fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held to maturity
classification at December 31, 2018 or 2017. 

 On January 1,
2018, AIG adopted ASU 2016-01, the Financial Instruments Recognition and
Measurement standard for equity securities which eliminates the available for
sale classification and treatment for equity securities.  As a result, equity
securities that do not follow the equity method of accounting, are measured at
fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 

 Prior to the
adoption of this standard, unrealized gains and losses from available for sale
investments in fixed maturity and equity securities carried at fair value were
reported as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net
of deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred income taxes, in
shareholders’ equity. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from fixed
maturity and equity securities measured at fair value at our election are
reflected in Net investment income (for insurance subsidiaries) or Other income
(for Other Operations). Investments in fixed maturity and equity securities are
recorded on a trade-date basis. 

 Premiums and
discounts arising from the purchase of bonds classified as available for sale
are treated as yield adjustments over their estimated holding periods, until
maturity, or call date, if applicable. For investments in certain RMBS, CMBS
and CDO/ABS, (collectively, structured securities), recognized yields are
updated based on current information regarding the timing and amount of
expected undiscounted future cash flows. For high credit quality structured
securities, effective yields are recalculated based on actual payments received
and updated prepayment expectations, and the amortized cost is adjusted to the
amount that would have existed had the new effective yield been applied since
acquisition with a corresponding charge or credit to net investment income. For
structured securities that are not high credit quality, effective yields are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively based on changes in expected
undiscounted future cash flows. For purchased credit impaired (PCI) securities,
at acquisition, the difference between the  
 


 

 214                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 undiscounted
expected future cash flows and the recorded investment in the securities
represents the initial accretable yield, which is to be accreted into net
investment income over the securities’ remaining lives on an effective level‑yield
basis. Subsequently, effective yields recognized on PCI securities are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in the contractual
benchmark interest rates on variable rate securities and any significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows arising due to reasons
other than interest rate changes. 

 Securities Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost or cost and fair
value of our available for sale securities (a) :        

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other-Than- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost
  or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  AOCI (b) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,170 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,647) 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,940 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   (317) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,155 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,673 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,224 
   
  
     
   
  
   (696) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,419 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,808) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,211 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,532 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   717 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   126,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   (220) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,568 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,639 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   225,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,656 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   424 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,381) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,656 
   
  
 



 (a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities. 

 (b)  Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairments recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on
impaired securities relating to changes in the fair value of such securities
subsequent to the impairment measurement date. 

 (c)  At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $28.8 billion and $31.5 billion,
respectively.          

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            215 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Securities Available for Sale in a Loss
Position 

 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position (a) :         

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Less
  than 12 Months 
   
  
     
   
  
   12
  Months or More 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,447 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,647 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,910 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,910 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,808 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   770 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   800 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   822 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,647 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,657 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,784 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,381 
   
  
 



 (a)  As a result
of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities. 

 At
December 31, 2018, we held 16,876 individual fixed maturity securities that were
in an unrealized loss position, of which 5,127 individual fixed maturity
securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more.
We did not recognize the unrealized losses in earnings on these fixed maturity
securities at December 31, 2018 because we neither intend to sell the
securities nor do we believe that it is more likely than not that we will be
required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost
basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant declines, we performed
fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security basis, which included
consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults on underlying
collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and forecasts and other
available market data. 


 


 

 216                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Contractual Maturities
of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of
fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total
  Fixed Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed
  Maturity Securities in a Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Available
  for Sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   Position
  Available for Sale 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,539 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,294 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,844 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,045 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,724 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,517 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,862 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,980 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,275 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,910 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,932 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,093 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,944 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,143 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,342 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,076 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,461 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,647 
   
  
 



 Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

 The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized
losses from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   800 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   815 
   
  
 



 For the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the aggregate fair value of
available for sale securities sold was $25.1 billion, $31.3 billion and $30.2
billion, which resulted in net realized capital gains (losses)  of $(129)
million, $0.5 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            217 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Other Securities
Measured at Fair Value 

 The following table presents the fair value of other securities
measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value option: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,665 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,802 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,714 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS and other collateralized * 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,932 
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,560 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,034 
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,004 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,668 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,361 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
$178 million and $251 million of U.S. government agency backed ABS at December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 Other Invested Assets 

 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of other
invested assets: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,966 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,308 
   
  
 
   
   Investment real estate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,258 
   
  
 
   
   All other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,341 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,822 
   
  
 



 (a)  At
December 31, 2018, included hedge funds of $4.2 billion, private equity funds
of $4.3 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $438 million. At
December 31, 2017, included hedge funds of $5.8 billion, private equity funds
of $5.0 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $543 million.  

 (b)  At
December 31, 2018, approximately 74 percent of our hedge fund portfolio is
available for redemption in 2019. The remaining 26 percent will be available
for redemption between 2020 and 2027. 

 (c)  Net
of accumulated depreciation of $598 million and $515 million in 2018 and 2017,
respectively. 

 Other Invested Assets Carried at Fair Value 

 Certain
hedge funds, private equity funds, and other investment partnerships for which
we have elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of
investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes are reported in
Other income.   

 Prior
to January 1, 2018, other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds and
other investment partnerships in which our insurance operations do not hold
aggregate interests sufficient to exercise more than minor influence over the
respective partnerships were reported at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income.  These investments were subject to other-than-temporary
impairment evaluations. The gross unrealized loss recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive income on such investments was $45 million at December 31,
2017, the majority of which pertained to investments in private equity funds
and hedge funds that have been in continuous unrealized loss positions for less
than 12 months.    Effective January 1, 2018, upon the adoption of the
Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement standard, these investments
are no longer accounted for as available for sale securities. The new standard
requires these investments to be measured at fair value with the change in fair
value recognized in earnings.  As a result, beginning in 2018, these
investments are no longer subject to the other-than-temporary impairment
evaluation. 


 


 

 218                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Other Invested Assets – Equity Method
Investments  

 We
account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable housing partnerships
and other investment partnerships using the equity method of accounting unless
our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no influence over
partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected the fair value
option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying amount generally is
our share of the net asset value of the funds or the partnerships, and changes in
our share of the net asset values are recorded in Net investment income with
the exception of investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes
are reported in Other income. In applying the equity method of accounting, we
consistently use the most recently available financial information provided by
the general partner or manager of each of these investments, which is one to
three months prior to the end of our reporting period. The financial statements
of these investees are generally audited annually.  

 Summarized Financial Information of Equity Method Investees 

 The following is the aggregated summarized financial information
of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option
has been elected: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Operating results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,310 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,512 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,200) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,835) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,361) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,151 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96,915 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,708 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21,063) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (35,585) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage
of equity method investments at December 31, 2018 and 2017: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except percentages) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity method investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest .  

 Other Investments 

 Also included in
Other invested assets are real estate held for investment. These investments
are reported at cost, less depreciation and are subject to impairment review,
as discussed below. 

 Investments in Life Settlements 

 Investments
in life settlements were accounted for under the investment method. Under the
investment method, we recognized our initial investment in life settlements at
the transaction price plus all initial direct external costs. Continuing costs
to keep the policy in force, primarily life insurance premiums, increased the
carrying amount of the investment. We recognized income on individual
investments in life settlements upon the death of the insured, at an amount
equal to the excess of the investment proceeds over the carrying amount of the
investment at that time. These investments were subject to impairment review,
as discussed below. 

 During
2017 and 2016, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $266 million
and $453 million, respectively, and is included in Net investment income
in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  We
sold the remaining portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017.   

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            219 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Net Investment Income 

 Net
investment income represents income primarily from the following sources: 

 •     
  Interest
income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal
and interest cash flows reflected in yield, as applicable. 

 •     
  Dividend
income from common and preferred stocks. 

 •     
  Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option. 

 •     
  Earnings
from alternative investments. 

 •     
  The
difference between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and
the life insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in
income upon the death of the insured. 

 The following table presents the components of Net investment income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Available for sale fixed maturity securities, including
  short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,314 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   660 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest on mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,526 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,518 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
 



 (a)  Upon
the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard
on January 1, 2018, the change in fair value of all equity securities is
included in Net investment income. 

 (b)  Includes
income from hedge funds, private equity funds and affordable housing
partnerships. Hedge funds for which we elected the fair value option are
recorded as of the balance sheet date. Other hedge funds are generally reported
on a one-month lag. Private equity funds are generally reported on a
one-quarter lag. 

 Net Realized Capital Gains and Losses 

 Net
realized capital gains and losses are determined by specific identification.
The net realized capital gains and losses are generated primarily from the
following sources: 

 •     
  Sales or full
redemptions of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available for sale
equity securities, real estate and other alternative investments. 

 •     
  Reductions to the
amortized cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available
for sale equity securities and certain other invested assets for other-than-temporary
impairments. 

 •     
  Impairments on
investments in life settlements. 

 •     
  Changes in fair value
of derivatives except for (1) those derivatives at AIGFP and (2) those
instruments that are designated as hedging instruments when the change in the
fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net realized capital gains
(losses).  

 •     
  Exchange gains and
losses resulting from foreign currency transactions .           

 
 


 

 220                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The following table presents the components
of Net realized capital losses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
 
   
   All other derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on sale of private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital losses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 



 (a)  In
2016, includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC
Investment) . 

 (b)  In 2018, primarily includes
$96 million and $49 million of realized gains on the sale of shares of OneMain
Holdings, Inc. and an investment in Castle Holdings LLC’s aircraft assets,
respectively.  In  2016, primarily includes $107 million of realized gains due
to a purchase price adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc. and losses of $253 million from the sale of a portion of our
Life Settlements portfolio.           

 Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) of Investments 

 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other
investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  of investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,920) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,235 
   
  
 
   
     Equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
     Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of investments (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (10,008) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,062 
   
  
 



 (a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities. 

 (b)  Excludes
net unrealized losses attributable to businesses held for sale. 

 The following table summarizes the unrealized gains and losses
recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the
reporting date:    

 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other
  Invested 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Net gains and losses recognized during the period on equity
  securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Net gains and losses recognized during the year on equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   sold during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting
  period on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    securities still held at the reporting date 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            221 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Evaluating Investments for Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 If we
intend to sell a fixed maturity security or it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis and the fair value of the security is below amortized
cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred and the amortized cost is
written down to current fair value, with a corresponding charge to realized
capital losses.  When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing.  

 For fixed
maturity securities for which a credit impairment has occurred, the amortized
cost is written down to the estimated recoverable value with a corresponding
charge to realized capital losses.  The
estimated recoverable value is the present value of cash flows expected to be
collected, as determined by management.   The
difference between fair value and amortized cost that is not related to a
credit impairment is presented in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
fixed maturity securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were
recognized (a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income). 

 When
estimating future cash flows for structured fixed maturity securities (e.g.,
RMBS, CMBS, CDO, ABS) management considers historical performance of underlying
assets and available market information as well as bond-specific structural
considerations, such as credit enhancement and priority of payment structure of
the security. In addition, the process of estimating future cash flows
includes, but is not limited to, the following critical inputs, which vary by
asset class: 

 •     
  Current delinquency rates; 

 •     
  Expected default rates
and the timing of such defaults; 

 •     
  Loss severity and the
timing of any recovery; and 

 •     
  Expected prepayment
speeds. 

 For
corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed maturity securities determined to be
credit impaired, management considers the fair value as the recoverable value
when available information does not indicate that another value is more
relevant or reliable. When management identifies information that supports a
recoverable value other than the fair value, the determination of a recoverable
value considers scenarios specific to the issuer and the security, and may be
based upon estimates of outcomes of corporate restructurings, political and
macroeconomic factors, stability and financial strength of the issuer, the
value of any secondary sources of repayment and the disposition of assets. 

 We consider
severe price declines in our assessment of potential credit impairments. We may
also modify our model inputs when we determine that price movements in certain
sectors are indicative of factors not captured by the cash flow models.  

 In periods
subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for
available for sale fixed maturity securities that is not foreign exchange
related, we prospectively accrete into earnings the difference between the new
amortized cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value over the
remaining expected holding period of the security. 

 
 


 

 222                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Credit Impairments 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the cumulative
credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings for available
for sale fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
 
   
      Increases due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impairments on new securities subject to impairment
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
 
   
         Additional credit impairments on previously impaired
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
 
   
      Reductions due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities fully disposed for which there
  was no 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            prior intent or requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
 
   
         Accretion on securities previously impaired due to credit * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (669) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (767) 
   
  
 
   
   Divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
 



 *    Represents
both accretion recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected
over the remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the
accretion due to the passage of time. 

 Equity Securities 

 On January 1, 2018, AIG adopted the Financial Instruments
Recognition and Measurement standard for equity securities.  The new standard
requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in earnings each reporting period.  As a result of the new
standard, equity securities with readily determinable fair values are no longer
required to be evaluated for other-than-temporary-impairment.   

 Prior to the adoption of the Recognition and Measurement
standard on January 1, 2018, we evaluated our available for sale equity
securities for impairment by considering such securities as candidates for
other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any of the following criteria: 

 •     
  The security has traded
at a significant (25 percent or more) discount to cost for an extended
period of time (nine consecutive months or longer); 

 •     
  A discrete credit event
has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer defaulting on a material
outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking protection from creditors
under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws intended for court-supervised
reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or (iii) the issuer proposing a
voluntary reorganization pursuant to which creditors are asked to exchange
their claims for cash or securities having a fair value substantially lower
than the par value of their claims; or 

 •     
  We have concluded that
we may not realize a full recovery on our investment, regardless of the
occurrence of one of the foregoing events. 

 The determination
that an equity security was other-than-temporarily impaired required the
judgment of management and consideration of the fundamental condition of the
issuer, its near-term prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In
addition to the above criteria, all equity securities that have been in a
continuous decline in value below cost over 12 months are impaired. We also
considered circumstances of a rapid and severe market valuation decline (50
percent or more) discount to cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that
the impairment period would be temporary (severity losses). 

 Other Invested Assets 

 Our
equity method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds and other
entities are evaluated for impairment each reporting period.  Such evaluation
considers market conditions, events and volatility that may impact the
recoverability of the underlying investments within these private equity funds
and hedge funds and is based on the nature of the underlying investments and
specific inherent risks. Such risks may evolve based on the nature of the
underlying investments. 

 Our
investments in life settlements were monitored for impairment on a
contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life settlements was
considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected
proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated future carrying
amount, which was the current carrying amount for the investment in life
settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any.  Impaired investments in life settlements were
written down to their estimated fair value which was determined on a discounted
cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions and market
yields or by repricing to the anticipated sale price as appropriate. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            223 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 In general, fair value estimates for the investments in
life settlements were calculated using cash flows based on medical underwriting
ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter, applied to an industry
mortality table. Our mortality assumptions were based on an industry table as
supplemented with proprietary data on the older age mortality of U.S. insured
lives. Mortality improvement factors were applied to these assumptions based on
our view of future mortality improvements likely to apply to the U.S. insured
lives population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with the mortality
improvement rates were used in our estimate of future net cash flows from the    investments
in life settlements.  We sold the remaining
portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 

 Our investments
in aircraft assets and real estate are periodically evaluated for
recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount
of an asset may be impaired. When impairment indicators are present, we compare
expected investment cash flows to carrying amount. When the expected cash flows
are less than the carrying amount, the investments are written down to fair
value with a corresponding charge to earnings. We sold the remaining portion of
our aircraft assets in 2018. 

 Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities 

 We
purchase certain RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit
quality since their issuance. We determine whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest. At acquisition,
the timing and amount of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
received on each PCI security is determined based on our best estimate using
key assumptions, such as interest rates, default rates and prepayment speeds.
At acquisition, the difference between the undiscounted expected future cash
flows of the PCI securities and the recorded investment in the securities
represents the initial accretable yield, which is accreted into Net investment
income over their remaining lives on an effective yield basis. Additionally,
the difference between the contractually required payments on the PCI
securities and the undiscounted expected future cash flows represents the
non-accretable difference at acquisition. The accretable yield and the
non-accretable difference will change over time, based on actual payments
received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected future cash flows,
which are discussed further below.  

 On a quarterly
basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows associated with PCI securities
are re-evaluated based on updates to key assumptions. Declines in undiscounted
expected future cash flows due to further credit deterioration as well as
changes in the expected timing of the cash flows can result in the recognition
of an other-than-temporary impairment charge, as PCI securities are subject to our
policy for evaluating investments for other-than-temporary impairment. Changes
to undiscounted expected future cash flows due solely to the changes in the
contractual benchmark interest rates on variable rate PCI securities will
change the accretable yield prospectively. Significant increases in
undiscounted expected future cash flows for reasons other than interest rate
changes are recognized prospectively as adjustments to the accretable yield.  

 The following tables present information on our PCI securities,
which are included in bonds available for sale: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   At
  Date of Acquisition 
   
  
 
   
   Contractually required payments (principal and interest) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,519 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows expected to be collected * 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,980 
   
  
 
   
   Recorded investment in acquired securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,229 
   
  
 



 *    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding principal balance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,495 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,718 
   
  
 
   
   Amortized cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,492 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,293 
   
  
 



 The following table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI
securities:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,498 
   
  
 
   
      Newly purchased PCI securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
      Disposals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
      Accretion 
   
  
     
   
  
   (722) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of changes in interest rate indices 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
      Net reclassification from (to) non-accretable difference,
  including effects of prepayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   662 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,210 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,501 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 224                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Pledged Investments 

 Secured Financing and Similar Arrangements 

 We
enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain securities are sold
under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in which we transfer
securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to repurchase the same
or substantially similar securities. Our secured financing transactions also
include those that involve the transfer of securities to financial institutions
in exchange for cash (securities lending agreements). In all of these secured
financing transactions, the securities transferred by us (pledged collateral)
may be sold or repledged by the counterparties. These agreements are recorded
at their contracted amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that are
accounted for at fair value. 

 Pledged
collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally maintained at an
agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the amounts borrowed during the
life of the transactions. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the
pledged collateral under these secured financing transactions, we may be
required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral under
these agreements.  At the termination of the transactions, we and our
counterparties are obligated to return the amounts borrowed and the securities
transferred, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
to counterparties under secured financing transactions,  including repurchase and securities lending
agreements:   

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,911 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
 



 At December
31, 2018 and 2017, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending
agreements totaled  $1.2  billion and  $4.5  billion ,
respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
under our repurchase agreements by collateral type and by remaining contractual
maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining
  Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up to
  30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 -
  90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 -
  364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   104 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   131 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   288 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            225 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The following table presents the fair value
of securities pledged under our securities lending agreements by collateral
type and by remaining contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining
  Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up to
  30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 -
  90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 -
  364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and political  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   401 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   884 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and political  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,819 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   588 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 



 We also enter into agreements in
which securities are purchased by us under agreements to resell (reverse
repurchase agreements), which are accounted for as secured financing
transactions and reported as short-term investments or other assets, depending on
their terms. These agreements  are recorded
at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that
are accounted for at fair value.  In all
reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security
interest in the related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge
this collateral received. 

 The following table presents information on
the fair value of securities pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Securities collateral pledged to us 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,227 
   
  
 
   
   Amount sold or repledged by us 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 



 At
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, amounts loaned under reverse repurchase
agreements totaled $426 million and $2.2 billion, respectively.  

 We do not currently offset any secured financing
transactions. All such transactions are collateralized and margined daily
consistent with market standards and subject to enforceable master netting
arrangements with rights of set off. 

 Insurance – Statutory and Other Deposits 

 The total
carrying value of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries
under requirements of regulatory authorities or other insurance-related
arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations and certain
reinsurance treaties, was $7.9 billion and $4.9 billion at December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 


 


 

 226                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Other Pledges
and Restrictions 

 Certain
of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and such membership
requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of $202 million
and $93 million of stock in FHLBs at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged securities available
for sale and residential loans associated with borrowings and funding
agreements from FHLBs, with a fair value of $4.2 billion and
$2.1 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2018 and $2.7 billion and
$471 million, respectively, at December 31, 2017. 

 Certain GIAs
have provisions that require collateral to be posted or payments to be made by
us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to the counterparties in the event of such
downgrades, and the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to
make, depend on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected
transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the
downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as collateral with respect to
these obligations was approximately $1.6 billion and $2.0 billion at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of
securities of the U.S. government and government- sponsored entities and
generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 Investments held
in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to restriction as to their use were
$273 million and $255 million, comprised of bonds available for sale
and short term investments at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 



 
  



 

 7. Lending Activities 

 


 Mortgage and
other loans receivable include commercial mortgages, residential mortgages,
life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes
receivable. Commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, commercial loans, and
other loans and notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less
allowance for credit losses and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or
amortization of discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued
as earned. 

 Direct
costs of originating commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans
and notes receivable, net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and
included in the carrying amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred
is amortized to income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.
Premiums and discounts on purchased residential mortgages are also amortized to
income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method. 

 Life insurance
policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. There is no allowance
for policy loans because these loans serve to reduce the death benefit paid
when the death claim is made and the balances are effectively collateralized by
the cash surrender value of the policy. 

 The following table presents the composition of Mortgage and other
loans receivable, net: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial mortgages * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,882 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
 
   
   Residential mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,398 
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance policy loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,295 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial loans, other loans and notes receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,056 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,345 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
 



 *    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for apartments, offices and retail
properties, with exposures in New York and California representing the largest
geographic concentrations (aggregating approximately 22 percent and 11 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2018, and 23 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2017).  

 Nonperforming
loans are generally those loans where payment of contractual principal or
interest is more than 90 days past due.  Nonperforming mortgages were not
significant for all periods presented. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            227 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   7.
Lending Activities 

   


 
 Credit Quality of Commercial Mortgages 

 The following table presents debt service coverage ratios and
loan-to-value ratios for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Debt Service Coverage Ratios (a) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   >1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.00X
  - 1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   <1.00X 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than 65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,543 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,997 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,563 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   811 
   
  
 
   
   Total commercial
  mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,336 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,966 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,882 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than 65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,000 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   351 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,876 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,415 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   569 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
 
   
   Total commercial
  mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
debt service coverage ratio compares a property’s net operating income to its
debt service payments, including principal and interest. Our weighted average
debt service coverage ratio was 1.9X and 2.1X at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. 

 (b)  The
loan-to-value ratio compares the current unpaid principal balance of the loan
to the estimated fair value of the underlying property collateralizing the
loan. Our weighted average loan-to-value ratio was 58 percent and 57 percent at
December 31, 2018, and 2017, respectively.                             

 The following table presents the credit quality performance
indicators for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total (c) 
   
  
   Total
  $ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good standing 
   
  
   762 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,074 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,770 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or less delinquent 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process of foreclosure 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   764 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,074 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,523 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,882 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance for credit
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   318 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good standing 
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,338 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,442 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or less delinquent 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process of foreclosure 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance for credit
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 228                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   7.
Lending Activities 

   


 
 (a)  Loans that have been modified in troubled debt
restructurings and are performing according to their restructured terms.  For
additional discussion of troubled debt restructurings see below. 

 (b)  Does
not reflect allowance for credit losses. 

 (c)  Our
commercial mortgage loan portfolio is current as to payments of principal and
interest, for both periods presented.  There were no significant amounts of
nonperforming commercial mortgages (defined as those loans where payment of
contractual principal or interest is more than 90 days past due) during any of
the periods presented.         

 Methodology Used to Estimate the Allowance for Credit Losses 

 Mortgage and
other loans receivable are considered impaired when collection of all amounts
due under contractual terms is not probable. Impairment is measured using
either i) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan’s effective interest rate, ii) the loan’s observable market price, if
available, or iii) the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  Impairment of commercial mortgages is typically determined using
the fair value of collateral while impairment of other loans is typically
determined using the present value of cash flows or the loan’s observable
market price.  An allowance is typically established for the difference between
the impaired value of the loan and its current carrying amount. Additional
allowance amounts are established for incurred but not specifically identified
impairments, based on statistical models primarily driven by past due status,
debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratio, property type and location, loan
term, profile of the borrower and of the major property tenants, and loan
seasoning.  When all or a portion of a loan is deemed uncollectible, the
uncollectible portion of the carrying amount of the loan is charged off against
the allowance.  

 Interest income
is not accrued when payment of contractual principal and interest is not
expected.  Any cash received on impaired loans is generally recorded as a
reduction of the current carrying amount of the loan.  Accrual of interest
income is generally resumed when delinquent contractual principal and interest
is repaid or when a portion of the delinquent contractual payments are made and
the ongoing required contractual payments have been made for an appropriate
period. 

 A significant
majority of commercial mortgages in the portfolio are non-recourse loans and,
accordingly, the only guarantees are for specific items that are exceptions to
the non-recourse provisions. It is therefore extremely rare for us to have
cause to enforce the provisions of a guarantee on a commercial real estate or
mortgage loan. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the changes in the
allowance for losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
      Loans charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
      Recoveries of loans previously 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
         Net charge-offs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
      Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    318  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    247  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    194  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 



 *    Of the
total allowance at the end of the year, $3 million, $5 million and $11 million
relates to individually assessed credit losses on $54 million, $82 million
and $280 million of commercial mortgages as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016, respectively. 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings 

 We modify loans
to optimize their returns and improve their collectability, among other things.
When we undertake such a modification with a borrower that is experiencing
financial difficulty and the modification involves us granting a concession to
the troubled debtor, the modification is a troubled debt restructuring (TDR).
We assess whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on a
variety of factors, including the borrower’s current default on any of its
outstanding debt, the probability of a default on any of its debt in the
foreseeable future without the modification, the insufficiency of the
borrower’s forecasted cash flows to service any of its outstanding debt
(including both principal and interest), and the borrower’s inability to access
alternative third-party financing at an interest rate that would be reflective
of current market conditions for a non-troubled debtor. Concessions granted may
include extended maturity dates, interest rate changes, principal or interest forgiveness,
payment deferrals and easing of loan covenants. 

 Loans that had
been modified in TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2018 have been fully
paid off. During the year ended December 31, 2017, loans with a carrying value
of $237 million were modified in troubled debt restructurings.      



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            229 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   8.
Reinsurance 

   


 
 8. Reinsurance 

 


 In the ordinary course
of business, our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative
reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss
event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to
provide greater diversification of our businesses. In addition, our general
insurance subsidiaries assume reinsurance from other insurance companies. We
determine the portion of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) loss that will be
recoverable under our reinsurance contracts by reference to the terms of the
reinsurance protection purchased. This determination is necessarily based on
the estimate of IBNR and accordingly, is subject to the same uncertainties as
the estimate of IBNR. Reinsurance assets include the balances due from reinsurance
and insurance companies under the terms of our reinsurance agreements for paid
and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, ceded unearned
premiums and ceded future policy benefits for life and accident and health
insurance contracts and benefits paid and unpaid. Amounts related to paid and
unpaid losses and benefits and loss expenses with respect to these reinsurance
agreements are substantially collateralized. We remain liable to the extent
that our reinsurers do not meet their obligation under the reinsurance
contracts, and as such, we regularly evaluate the financial condition of our
reinsurers and monitor concentration of our credit risk. The estimation of the
allowance for doubtful accounts requires judgment for which key inputs typically
include historical trends regarding uncollectible balances, disputes and credit
events as well as specific reviews of balances in dispute or subject to credit
impairment. The allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets was
$140 million and $187 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance
assets are reflected in Policyholder benefits and losses incurred within the
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 The following table provides supplemental information for loss and
benefit reserves, gross and net of ceded reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   At December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (83,639) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (51,949) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (78,393) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (51,685) 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
  insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,935) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43,936) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45,432) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,457) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve for unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,300) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,030) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,890) 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,637 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,823 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
gross reinsurance assets, excluding allowances and reinsurance recoverable on
paid losses. 

 Short-Duration Reinsurance 

 Short-duration
reinsurance is effected under reinsurance treaties and by negotiation on
individual risks. Certain of these reinsurance arrangements consist of excess
of loss contracts that protect us against losses above stipulated amounts.
Ceded premiums are considered prepaid reinsurance premiums and are recognized
as a reduction of premiums earned over the contract period in proportion to the
protection received. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on short-duration
contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the claims liabilities associated
with the reinsurance and presented as a component of Reinsurance assets. Reinsurance
premiums for assumed business are estimated based on information received from
brokers, ceding companies and reinsurers. Any subsequent differences arising on
such estimates are recorded in the periods in which they are determined.
Assumed reinsurance premiums are earned primarily on a pro-rata basis over the
terms of the reinsurance contracts and the portion of premiums relating to the
unexpired terms of coverage is included in the reserve for unearned premiums.  Reinsurance premiums for assumed business are estimated
based on information received from brokers, ceding companies and reinsureds.
Any subsequent differences arising on such estimates are recorded in the
periods in which they are determined.  For both
ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met for
reinsurance accounting to apply. If risk transfer requirements are not met, the
contract is accounted for as a deposit, resulting in the recognition of cash
flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as
revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract
must include both insurance risk, consisting of both underwriting and timing
risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming
entity. Similar risk transfer criteria are used to determine whether directly
written insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or as a
deposit. 

 
 


 

 230                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   8.
Reinsurance 

   


 
 The following table presents short-duration
insurance premiums written and earned: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums written: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,335 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,755) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,533) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,561) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums earned: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,869 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,593 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,163) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,284) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,547 
   
  
 



 For the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, reinsurance recoveries, which
reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to $9.8 billion,
$1.5 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. 

 Retroactive
reinsurance agreements are reinsurance agreements under which our reinsurer
agrees to reimburse us as a result of past insurable events.  For these
agreements, the excess of the amounts ultimately collectible under the
agreement over the consideration paid is recognized as a deferred gain
liability and amortized into income over the settlement period of the ceded
reserves.  The amount of the deferral is recalculated each period based on loss
payments and updated estimates.  If the consideration paid exceeds the ultimate
losses collectible under the agreement, the net loss on the agreement is
recognized in income immediately. Ceded loss reserves under retroactive
agreements were $13.8 billion and $13.4 billion, and the deferred
gain liability was $1.8 billion and $1.6 billion, as of December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively. The effect on income from amortization of the
deferred gain was $394 million, $316 million and $30 million for
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.   

 In
the first quarter of 2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance
agreement with NICO, under which we transferred to NICO 80 percent of the
reserve risk on substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures
for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80
percent of the losses on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in
excess of $25 billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25
billion. We account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. This
transaction resulted in a gain, which under U.S. GAAP retroactive reinsurance
accounting is deferred and amortized into income over the settlement period.
NICO created a collateral trust account as security for their claim payment
obligations to us, into which they deposited the consideration paid under the
agreement, and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to
secure NICO’s obligations under the agreement.                

 Long-Duration Reinsurance 

 Long-duration
reinsurance is effected principally under yearly renewable term treaties. The
premiums with respect to these treaties are earned over the contract period in
proportion to the protection provided. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on
long-duration contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the
assumptions used for the underlying policy benefits and are presented as a
component of Reinsurance assets. 

 The following table presents premiums for our long-duration life
insurance and annuity operations:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Gross premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,893 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,338 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,732 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (850) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (809) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
 



 Long-duration
reinsurance recoveries, which reduced Policyholder benefits and losses
incurred, was $778 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and approximately
$1.0 billion for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 The following table presents long-duration insurance in-force
ceded to other insurance companies: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force ceded 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228,846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            231 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   8.
Reinsurance 

   


 
 Long-duration insurance in-force assumed as a percentage of
gross long-duration insurance in-force was 0.03 percent at December 31, 2018,
2017 and 2016; and premiums assumed represented 10 percent, 5 percent and 3
percent of gross premiums for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and  2016, respectively. 

 The  U.S. Life and Retirement companies manage the capital
impact of their statutory reserve requirements, including those resulting from
the NAIC Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation
XXX) and NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX), through unaffiliated and
affiliated reinsurance transactions. Effective July 1, 2016, one of the U.S.
Life and Retirement companies entered into an agreement to cede approximately
$5 billion of statutory reserves for certain whole life and universal life
policies to an unaffiliated reinsurer. Effective December 31, 2016, the same
life insurance subsidiary recaptured term and universal life reserves subject
to Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX, previously ceded to an affiliate, and
ceded approximately $14 billion of such statutory reserves to an unaffiliated
reinsurer under an amendment to the July 1, 2016 agreement. Under GAAP, these
unaffiliated reinsurance transactions use deposit accounting with a reinsurance
risk charge recorded in income, whereas such affiliated transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. Under one affiliated reinsurance arrangement, one
of the U.S. Life and Retirement companies obtains letters of credit to support
statutory recognition of the ceded reinsurance.  As of December 31, 2018, this subsidiary had two bilateral letters of
credit totaling $450 million, which were issued on February 7, 2014 and expire
on February 7, 2022. The letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by AIG
Parent in the event of a drawdown.  

 For
additional information on the use of affiliated reinsurance for Regulation XXX
and Guideline AXXX reserves see Note 19. 

 Reinsurance Security 

 Our third-party
reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us from our direct obligations to our
beneficiaries. Thus, a credit exposure exists with respect to both
short-duration and long-duration reinsurance ceded to the extent that any
reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed under any reinsurance
agreement. We hold substantial collateral as security under related reinsurance
agreements in the form of funds, securities, and/or letters of credit. A
provision has been recorded for estimated unrecoverable reinsurance.  We
believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate
concentration of credit risk to AIG.  Gross reinsurance assets due from
reinsurers exceeding 5 percent of our total reinsurance assets were
approximately $18.9 billion and $18.0 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, of which approximately $3.7 billion and $7.6 billion at December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, was not secured by collateral. 



 
  



 

 9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

 


 Deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) represent those costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts.  We defer incremental costs that result directly from, and are
essential to, the acquisition or renewal of an insurance contract.  Such
deferred policy acquisition costs generally include agent or broker commissions
and bonuses, premium taxes, and medical and inspection fees that would not have
been incurred if the insurance contract had not been acquired or renewed. Each
cost is analyzed to assess whether it is fully deferrable.  We partially defer
costs, including certain commissions, when we do not believe that the entire
cost is directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. 

 We also defer a
portion of employee total compensation and payroll-related fringe benefits
directly related to time spent performing specific acquisition or renewal
activities, including costs associated with the time spent on underwriting,
policy issuance and processing, and sales force contract selling. The amounts
deferred are derived based on successful efforts for each distribution channel
and/or cost center from which the cost originates. 

 Short-duration insurance
contracts:     Policy acquisition
costs are deferred and amortized over the period in which the related premiums
written are earned, generally 12 months. DAC is grouped consistent with the
manner in which the insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for
profitability and is reviewed for recoverability based on the profitability of
the underlying insurance contracts. Investment income is anticipated in
assessing the recoverability of DAC. We assess the recoverability of DAC on an
annual basis or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may
have occurred. This assessment is performed by comparing recorded net unearned
premiums and anticipated investment income on in-force business to the sum of
expected losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, unamortized DAC and
maintenance costs. If the sum of these costs exceeds the amount of recorded net
unearned premiums and anticipated investment income, the excess is recognized
as an offset against the asset established for DAC. This offset is referred to
as a premium deficiency charge. Increases in expected losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred can have a significant impact on the likelihood
and amount of a premium deficiency charge. 


 


 

 232                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

   


 
 Long-duration insurance contracts :       Policy acquisition
costs for participating life, traditional life and accident and health
insurance products are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, over
the premium paying period. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities
and DAC for these traditional products are set when a policy is issued and do
not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event
occurs. These “locked-in” assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, and include margins
for adverse deviation to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might
deviate from these assumptions.  A loss recognition event occurs when there is
a shortfall between the carrying amount of future policy benefit liabilities,
net of DAC, and what the future policy benefit liabilities, net of DAC, would
be when applying updated current assumptions.  When we determine a loss
recognition event has occurred, we first reduce any DAC related to that block
of business through amortization of acquisition expense, and after DAC is
depleted, we record additional liabilities through a charge to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred.  Groupings for loss recognition testing are
consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing and measuring the
profitability of the business and applied by product groupings.  We perform
separate loss recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities
and long-term care products.  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a
block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set
used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 

 Investment-oriented contracts:     Certain policy
acquisition costs and policy issuance costs related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment - oriented products) are
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts. Estimated gross profits include net investment income and spreads,
net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and
mortality gains and losses. In each reporting period, current period
amortization expense is adjusted to reflect actual gross profits. If estimated
gross profits change significantly, DAC is recalculated using the new
assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. If the new
assumptions indicate that future estimated gross profits are higher than
previously estimated, DAC will be increased resulting in a decrease in
amortization expense and increase in income in the current period; if future
estimated gross profits are lower than previously estimated, DAC will be
decreased resulting in an increase in amortization expense and decrease in
income in the current period. Updating such assumptions may result in
acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization
in other products. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the
insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and is
reviewed for recoverability based on the current and projected future
profitability of the underlying insurance contracts. 

 To estimate
future estimated gross profits for variable annuity products, a long-term
annual asset growth assumption is applied to determine the future growth in
assets and related asset-based fees.  In determining the asset growth rate, the
effect of short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated
through the use of a “reversion to the mean” methodology whereby short-term
asset growth above or below long-term annual rate assumptions impacts the
growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current balance
sheet date. The reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain our
long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect of
actual investment performance.  When actual performance significantly deviates
from the annual long-term growth assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions
in the five-year reversion to the mean period falling below a certain rate
(floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be
applied to revise or “unlock” the growth rate assumptions to be used for both
the five-year reversion to the mean period as well as the long-term annual
growth assumption applied to subsequent periods.   

 Shadow DAC and Shadow Loss
Recognition:       DAC related to
investment-oriented products is also adjusted to reflect the effect of
unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity securities available for sale and prior
to 2018, equity securities at fair value on estimated gross profits, with
related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income (shadow DAC). The
adjustment is made at each balance sheet date, as if the securities had been
sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at
current yields.  Similarly, for long-duration traditional insurance contracts,
if the assets supporting the liabilities are in a net unrealized gain position
at the balance sheet date, loss recognition testing assumptions are updated to
exclude such gains from future cash flows by reflecting the impact of
reinvestment rates on future yields.  If a future loss is anticipated under
this basis, any additional shortfall indicated by loss recognition tests is
recognized as a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (shadow
loss recognition).  Similar to other loss recognition on long-duration
insurance contracts, such shortfall is first reflected as a reduction in DAC
and secondly as an increase in liabilities for future policy benefits.  The
change in these adjustments, net of tax, is included with the change in net
unrealized appreciation of investments that is credited or charged directly to
Other comprehensive income. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            233 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

   


 
 Internal Replacements of Long-duration and Investment-oriented
Products:   For some products,
policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights or
coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by amendment,
endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature or
coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal
replacements.  If the modification does not substantially change the contract,
we do not change the accounting and amortization of existing DAC and related
actuarial balances.  If an internal replacement represents a substantial
change, the original contract is considered to be extinguished and any related
DAC or other policy balances are charged or credited to income, and any new
deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. 

 Value of
Business Acquired (VOBA) is determined at the time of acquisition and is
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with DAC. This value is based on
the present value of future pre-tax profits discounted at yields applicable at
the time of purchase. For participating life, traditional life and accident and
health insurance products, VOBA is amortized over the life of the business in a
manner similar to that for DAC based on the assumptions at purchase. For
investment - oriented
products, VOBA is amortized in relation to estimated gross profits and adjusted
for the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity securities
available for sale and prior to 2018, equity
securities at fair value in a manner similar to DAC. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of DAC and VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,820 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,216 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,386) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,521) 
   
  
 
   
      Change related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, including foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
      Reclassified to Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,694 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
 
   
   Supplemental Information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      VOBA amortization expense included in DAC amortization 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
      VOBA, end of year included in DAC balance (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
 



 (a)  Net of
reductions in DAC of $1.0 billion, $1.3 billion, and $842 million at December
31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to the effect of net unrealized
gains and losses on available for sale securities (shadow DAC). 

 (b)  Includes
$101 million of VOBA from the acquisition of Validus, the majority of which
will be amortized within the next 12 to 18 months. 

 The
percentage of the unamortized balance of VOBA at December 31, 2018 expected to
be amortized in 2019 through 2023 by year is: 8.6 percent, 7.7 percent,
6.7 percent, 6.3 percent and 6.0 percent, respectively, with
64.8 percent being amortized after five years. These projections are based
on current estimates for investment income and spreads, persistency, mortality
and morbidity assumptions. 

 DAC, VOBA and
SIA for insurance‑oriented and investment‑oriented products are reviewed
for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability of
current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If
actual profitability is substantially lower than estimated, AIG’s DAC, VOBA and
SIA may be subject to an impairment charge and AIG’s results of operations
could be significantly affected in future periods. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 234                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities 

   


 
 10. Variable
Interest Entities  

 


 A variable
interest entity (VIE) is a legal entity that does not have sufficient equity at
risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support or is structured such that equity investors lack the ability to make
significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights
or do not substantively participate in the gains and losses of the entity.
Consolidation of a VIE by its primary beneficiary is not based on majority voting
interest, but is based on other criteria discussed below. 

 We enter into
various arrangements with VIEs in the normal course of business and consolidate
the VIEs when we determine we are the primary beneficiary. This analysis
includes a review of the VIE’s capital structure, related contractual
relationships and terms, nature of the VIE’s operations and purpose, nature of
the VIE’s interests issued and our involvement with the entity. When assessing
the need to consolidate a VIE, we evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the
related risks the entity was designed to expose the variable interest holders
to. 

 The primary
beneficiary is the entity that has both (1) the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity’s economic
performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE.  While
also considering these factors, the consolidation conclusion depends on the
breadth of our decision-making ability and our ability to influence activities
that significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE. 

 Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to Loss 

 The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real
  Estate and Investment Entities (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Securitization
  Vehicles (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affordable
  Housing Partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,662 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,925 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,693 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,378 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,625 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,859 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,536 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,283 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,569 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   575 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,804 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,144 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,632 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,683 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,218 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,344 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   680 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,134 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,729 
   
  
 



 (a)     Comprised
primarily of Short-term investments and Other assets at December 31, 2018 and
2017. 

 (b)  The
assets of each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 

 (c)  Comprised primarily of Other
liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2017. 

 (d)  At December 31, 2018 and 2017,
off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of commitments to real estate
and investment entities was $1.4 billion and $86 million, respectively. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            235 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities 

   


 
 (e)  At December 31, 2018 and 2017, $16.0 billion and $17.6
billion, respectively, of the total assets of consolidated securitization
vehicles were owed to AIG Parent or its subsidiaries. 

 We
calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in
the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or
liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the
VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and
guarantees to the VIE. Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have
recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse
to us, except in limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the
VIE’s interest holders. 

 The following table presents total assets of unconsolidated VIEs
in which we hold a variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to loss
associated with these VIEs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maximum
  Exposure to Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  VIE 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   On-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,820 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,321 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   607 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   607 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,813 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,222 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,506 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   316,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,434 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   380,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,296 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,468 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,205 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,459 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   387,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,480 
   
  
 



 (a)  Comprised
primarily of hedge funds and private equity funds. 

 (b)   At December 31, 2018 and 2017,  $7.4 billion and $9.8 billion, respectively, of our total
unconsolidated VIE assets were recorded as Other invested assets. 

 (c)  These
amounts represent our estimate of the maximum exposure to loss under certain
insurance policies issued to VIEs if a hypothetical loss occurred to the extent
of the full amount of the insured value.  Our insurance policies cover defined
risks and our estimate of liability is included in our insurance reserves on
the balance sheet. 

 Real Estate and Investment Entities 

 Through our
insurance operations and AIG Global Real Estate, we are an investor in various
real estate investment entities, some of which are VIEs. These investments are
typically with unaffiliated third - party developers via a partnership or limited liability
company structure. The VIEs’ activities consist of the development or
redevelopment of commercial, industrial and residential real estate. Our
involvement varies from being a passive equity investor or finance provider to
actively managing the activities of the VIEs. 

 Our insurance
operations participate as passive investors in the equity issued by certain third - party - managed hedge and private
equity funds that are VIEs. Our insurance operations typically are not involved
in the design or establishment of these VIEs, nor do they actively participate
in the management of the VIEs. 

 Securitization Vehicles 

 We created certain
VIEs that hold investments, primarily in investment-grade debt securities and
loans, and issued beneficial interests in these investments.  The majority of
these beneficial interests are owned by our insurance operations and we
maintain the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly
impact their economic performance and bear the obligation to absorb losses or
receive benefits from the entities that could potentially be significant to the
entities.  Accordingly, we consolidate these entities and those beneficial
interests issued to third-parties are reported as Long-term debt.   Total assets of consolidated securitization vehicles
are $16.9 billion, of which $16.0 billion represents amounts owed to Parent or
its subsidiaries. 


 


 

 236                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities 

   


 
 Affordable
Housing Partnerships 

 SunAmerica
Affordable Housing Partners, Inc. (SAAHP) organized and invested in
limited partnerships that develop and operate affordable housing qualifying for
federal, state, and historic tax credits, in addition to a few market rate
properties across the United States. The operating partnerships are VIEs, whose
debt is generally non-recourse in nature, and the general partners of which are
mostly unaffiliated third - party developers. We account for our investments in
operating partnerships using the equity method of accounting, unless they are
required to be consolidated. We consolidate an operating partnership if the
general partner is an affiliated entity or we otherwise have the power to
direct activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic
performance. The pre-tax income of SAAHP is reported as a component of the Life
and Retirement segment. 

 RMBS, CMBS, Other ABS and CDOs 

 Primarily
through our insurance operations, we are a passive investor in RMBS, CMBS,
other ABS and CDOs, the majority of which are issued by domestic special    purpose entities. We
generally do not sponsor or transfer assets to, or act as the servicer to these
asset - backed
structures, and were not involved in the design of these entities. 

 Our maximum
exposure in these types of structures is limited to our investment in
securities issued by these entities. Based on the nature of our investments and
our passive involvement in these types of structures, we have determined that we
are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We have not included these
entities in the above tables; however, the fair values of our investments in
these structures are reported in Notes 5 and 6 herein. 



 
  



 

 11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

 


 We use
derivatives and other financial instruments as part of our financial risk
management programs and as part of our investment operations. Interest rate
derivatives (such as interest rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk
associated with embedded derivatives contained in insurance contract
liabilities, fixed maturity securities, outstanding medium‑ and long‑term
notes as well as other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign
exchange derivatives (principally foreign exchange forwards and options) are
used to economically mitigate risk associated with non‑U.S. dollar
denominated debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions.
Equity derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain
insurance liabilities. We use credit derivatives to manage our credit
exposures. The derivatives are effective economic hedges of the exposures that
they are meant to offset.    In addition to hedging activities, we also enter into
derivative instruments with respect to investment operations, which may
include, among other things, CDSs and purchases of investments with embedded derivatives,
such as equity‑linked notes and convertible bonds . 

 Interest rate,
currency, equity and commodity swaps, credit contracts, swaptions, options and
forward transactions are accounted for as derivatives, recorded on a trade-date
basis and carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are reflected in
income, when appropriate. Aggregate asset or liability positions are netted on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets only to the extent permitted by qualifying
master netting arrangements in place with each respective counterparty. Cash
collateral posted with counterparties in conjunction with transactions
supported by qualifying master netting arrangements is reported as a reduction
of the corresponding net derivative liability, while cash collateral received
in conjunction with transactions supported by qualifying master netting
arrangements is reported as a reduction of the corresponding net derivative
asset. 

 Derivatives,
with the exception of embedded derivatives, are reported at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other assets and Other liabilities. Embedded
derivatives are generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. A bifurcated embedded derivative is measured at fair value and
accounted for in the same manner as a free standing derivative contract. The
corresponding host contract is accounted for according to the accounting
guidance applicable for that instrument.  

 For
additional information on embedded derivatives see Notes 5 and 14 herein. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            237 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 The following table presents the notional
amounts of our derivatives and the fair value of derivative assets and
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives designated as  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   866 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives not designated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      as hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,004 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   711 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117,207 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,687 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,748 
   
  
 
   
   Counterparty netting (d)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash collateral (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,840) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   consolidated balance sheets (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
 



 (a)  Fair
value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments
and offsetting cash collateral. 

 (b )  As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, included CDSs on super
senior multi-sector CDOs with a net notional amount of $592 million and $685
million (fair value liability of $224 million and $254 million), respectively.
The net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss on the
portfolio. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, there were no super senior
corporate debt/CLOs remaining. 

 (c)  Consists
primarily of stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying
exposures. 

 (d)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
agreement. 

 (e)  Represents
cash collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting. 

 (f)  Freestanding
derivatives only, excludes embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets
and liabilities are recorded in Other Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
Fair value of assets related to bifurcated embedded derivatives was zero at
both  December 31, 2018  and December 31,  2017 . Fair value of liabilities related to bifurcated embedded
derivatives was $4.1 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively, at December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017. A bifurcated embedded derivative is generally
presented with the host contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Embedded
derivatives are primarily related to guarantee features in variable annuity
products, which include equity and interest rate components.     

 Collateral 

 We engage in
derivative transactions that are not subject to a clearing requirement directly
with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases, under International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreements. Many of the ISDA
Master Agreements also include Credit Support Annex (CSA) provisions, which
provide for collateral postings that may vary at various ratings and threshold
levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with certain counterparties by entering
into agreements that enable collateral to be obtained from a counterparty on an
upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the risk that counterparties might be
unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty
credit exposure and collateral value and generally requiring additional
collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of certain events or circumstances.
In addition, certain derivative transactions have provisions that require
collateral to be posted upon a downgrade of our long‑term debt ratings or
give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction. In the case of
some of the derivative transactions, upon a downgrade of our long‑term
debt ratings, as an alternative to posting collateral and subject to certain
conditions, we may assign the transaction to an obligor with higher debt
ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of our obligations by an obligor
with higher debt ratings or take other similar action. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to counterparties in the event of such
downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to
make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected
transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the
downgrade. 


 


 

 238                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 Collateral posted by us to
third parties for derivative transactions was $1.7 billion and $2.9 billion
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In the case of collateral posted
under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral
can generally be repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided
to us from third parties for derivative transactions was $2.1 billion and $1.3 billion
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In the case of collateral provided
to us under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, we
generally can repledge or resell collateral. 

 Offsetting 

 We have elected
to present all derivative receivables and derivative payables, and the related
cash collateral received and paid, on a net basis on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets when a legally enforceable ISDA Master Agreement exists between us and
our derivative counterparty. An ISDA Master Agreement is an agreement governing
multiple derivative transactions between two counterparties. The ISDA Master
Agreement generally provides for the net settlement of all, or a specified
group, of these derivative transactions, as well as transferred collateral,
through a single payment, and in a single currency, as applicable. The net
settlement provisions apply in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one
derivative transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified
group of, derivative transactions governed by the ISDA Master Agreement. 

 Hedge Accounting 

 We designated
certain derivatives entered into with third parties as fair value hedges of
available for sale investment securities held by our insurance subsidiaries.
The fair value hedges include foreign currency forwards and cross currency
swaps designated as hedges of the change in fair value of foreign currency
denominated available for sale securities attributable to changes in foreign
exchange rates. We also designated certain interest rate swaps entered into
with third parties as fair value hedges of fixed rate GICs attributable to
changes in benchmark interest rates . 

 We use foreign
currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps as hedging instruments in
net investment hedge relationships to mitigate the foreign exchange risk
associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional currency foreign subsidiaries.
For net investment hedge relationships where issued debt is used as a hedging
instrument, we assess the hedge effectiveness and measure the amount of
ineffectiveness based on changes in spot rates. For net investment hedge
relationships that use derivatives as hedging instruments, we assess hedge
effectiveness and measure hedge ineffectiveness using changes in forward rates.
For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 we recognized gains
(losses) of $34 million, $(106) million and $123 million, respectively,
included in Change in foreign currency translation adjustment in Other
comprehensive income related to the net investment hedge relationships. 

 A qualitative
methodology is utilized to assess hedge effectiveness for net investment
hedges, while regression analysis is employed for all other hedges. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            239 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 The following table presents the gain (loss)
recognized in earnings on our derivative instruments in fair value hedging
relationships in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable to: 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
   Hedged 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedge 
   
  
   Excluded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Derivatives (a) 
   
  
   Items 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ineffectiveness 
   
  
   Components 
   
  
   Other (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   (365) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (420) 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (335) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon settlements of the
derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related to the hedged item. 

 (b)  Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship. 

 
 


 

 240                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging
Instruments 

 The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments
not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   Gains (Losses) Recognized in Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   By Derivative Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (509) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   543 
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (964) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (902) 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
      Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
   (449) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   704 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,501) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
 
   
   By Classification: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital
  gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,709) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (895) 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits
  and claims incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   704 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,501) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
 



 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 

 We estimate that
at  December 31, 2018 , based on our outstanding financial derivative
transactions, a downgrade of our long-term senior debt ratings to BBB or BBB–
by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of
S&P Global Inc., and/or a downgrade to Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody’s
Investors’ Service, Inc. would permit counterparties to make additional
collateral calls and permit certain counterparties to elect early termination
of contracts, resulting in corresponding collateral postings and termination
payments in the total amount of up to approximately $61 million. The
aggregate fair value of our derivatives that were in a net liability position
and that contain such credit risk-related contingencies which can be triggered
below our long-term senior debt ratings of BBB+ or Baa1 was approximately $423
million and $572 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The
aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral under these contracts at December
31, 2018 and 2017, was approximately $453 million and $676 million,
respectively. 

 Hybrid Securities with Embedded Credit Derivatives 

 We invest in
hybrid securities (such as credit‑linked notes) with the intent of
generating income, and not specifically to acquire exposure to embedded
derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs
and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are exposed to losses only
up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid security. Other than our
initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have no further obligation to
make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in the related hybrid
securities. 

 We elect to
account for our investments in these hybrid securities with embedded written
credit derivatives at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in Net
investment income and Other income. Our investments in these hybrid securities
are reported as Other bond securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
fair values of these hybrid securities were $3.9 billion and $4.4 billion
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These securities have par amounts
of $8.5 billion and $9.1 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively,
and have remaining stated maturity dates that extend to 2052. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            241 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    12. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   

   


 
 12. Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets 

 


 Goodwill  represents the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a
business combination that are not individually identified and separately
recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if
circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. At December 31, 2018, the
operating segments with goodwill are our General Insurance business – North
America and International operating segments, our Life and Retirement business
– Life Insurance operating segment and our Other Operations and Legacy
Portfolio operating segments. When a business is transferred from one reporting
unit to another, as occurred as part of the 2017 segment changes, goodwill from
the original operating segment is allocated among reporting units based on the
fair value of business transferred, relative to business retained by a
reporting unit.  

 The impairment
assessment involves an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is
more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than
its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not performed, or after
assessing the totality of the events or circumstances, we determine it is more
likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its
carrying amount, the impairment assessment involves a two-step process in which
a quantitative assessment for potential impairment is performed.  

 If the
qualitative test is not performed or if the test indicates a potential
impairment is present, we estimate the fair value of each operating segment and
compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the operating
segment, including allocated goodwill. The estimate of an operating segment’s
fair value involves management judgment and is based on one or a combination of
approaches including discounted expected future cash flows, market‑based
earnings multiples of the unit’s peer companies, external appraisals or, in the
case of reporting units being considered for sale, third‑party
indications of fair value, if available. We consider one or more of these
estimates when determining the fair value of an operating segment to be used in
the impairment test. 

 If the estimated
fair value of an operating segment exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not
impaired. If the carrying value of an operating segment exceeds its estimated
fair value, goodwill associated with that operating segment potentially is
impaired.  The amount of impairment, if any, is measured as the excess of the
carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. The
implied fair value of the goodwill is measured as the excess of the fair value
of the operating segment over the amounts that would be assigned to the
operating segment’s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical business
combination.  An impairment charge is recognized in earnings to the extent of
the excess of carrying value over fair value.   

 Goodwill was not
impaired at December 31, 2018 based on the results of the goodwill impairment
test. 


 


 

 242                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    12. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   

   


 
 The following
table presents the changes in goodwill by operating segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   General
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   America 
   
  
   International 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
    Operations  
   
  
    Portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at January 1, 2016: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   219 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,090 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2016: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,005 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,528 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2017: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,071 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,594 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisitions * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,544 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2018: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,983 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,559 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,924 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,082 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
goodwill of $2.0 billion, $492 million and $46 million relating to the
acquisitions of Validus, Glatfelter and Ellipse, respectively. 

 The following table presents the changes in other intangible assets and
the value of distribution network acquired by operating segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   General
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   America 
   
  
   International 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
    Operations  
   
  
    Portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other intangible assets, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
         Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Other intangible assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   212 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of distribution network acquired, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   582 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   582 
   
  
 
   
         Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Value of distribution network acquired, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            243 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 13. Insurance
Liabilities 

 


 Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss
Adjustment Expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 Loss reserves
represent the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates
for claims incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses (IBNR), less
applicable discount. We regularly review and update the methods used to
determine loss reserve estimates. Any adjustments resulting from this review
are reflected currently in pre-tax income. Because these estimates are subject
to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common given that
loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized
and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development. 

 Our
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual
deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately
$12.3 billion and $12.6 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. These recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with
high deductibles (in excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured
through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or
captive arrangements, each referred to generically as “deductibles”), primarily
for U.S. commercial casualty business. With respect to the deductible portion
of the claim, we manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and
are reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the claim.  Thus,
these recoverable amounts represent a credit exposure to us.  At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, we held collateral of approximately $9.2
billion and $9.5 billion, respectively, for these deductible recoverable
amounts, consisting primarily of letters of credit and funded trust agreements. 

 The following table presents the roll-forward of activity in Loss
Reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses,
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,532) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,339) 
   
  
 
   
   Net Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses,
  beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,232 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, excluding discount and amortization of deferred
  gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, discount charge (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (422) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, amortization of deferred gain on retroactive
  reinsurance (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (395) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,598 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,825) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,254) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,241) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,908) 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,489) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,564) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,733) 
   
  
 
   
   Other changes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   (677) 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   (463) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisitions (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,058) 
   
  
 
   
   Retroactive reinsurance adjustment (net of discount) (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reclassified to liabilities held for sale (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (402) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,843) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,923) 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses, end of
  year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,532 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
$51 million and $25 million for the retroactive reinsurance agreement with NICO
covering U.S. asbestos exposures for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.  

 (b)
 Includes amounts related to the acquisition of Glatfelter in October 2018,
Validus in July 2018 and Blackboard U.S. Holdings Inc. in 2017. 

 (c) 
Includes amounts related to dispositions through the date of disposition.
Includes sale of insurance operations to Fairfax, United Guaranty and Ascot
Underwriting Holdings Limited, and Ascot Employees Corporate Member Limited
(Ascot).  

 (d) 
Includes discount on retroactive insurance in the amount of $180 million and
$1.5 billion for the periods ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  


 


 

 244                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 (e)  Represents change in loss reserves included in our
sale of certain of our insurance operations and certain assets to Fairfax for
the period ended December 31, 2016.  Upon consummation of the sale, we retained
a portion of these reserves through reinsurance arrangements.            

 Prior Year Development  

 During
2018, we recognized adverse prior year loss reserve development of $1.4 billion
before impact of the Adverse Development Cover and the asbestos cession to
NICO. The key components of this development were as follows:   

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in US Excess Casualty, driven by the combination of construction defect and
construction wrap claims from accident year 2015 and prior where we reacted to
significant increases in severity and longer claim reporting patterns, as well
as higher than expected loss severity in accident years 2016 and 2017, which
led to an increase in estimates for these accident years; 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O) and
Employment Practices Liability (EPLI) policies covering Corporate and National
Insureds as well as Private and Not-for-Profit insureds. This development was
predominantly in accident years 2014-2017 and resulted largely from increases
in severity associated with an increase in frequency of class action lawsuits
from those years. 

 •     
  Favorable development
in US Commercial Property and Specialty Lines due to reductions in our
estimates for 2017 Catastrophes , favorable attritional losses in Commercial
Property and favorable Specialty emergence. 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in US Personal Lines reflecting the adverse development on the 2017 California
Wildfires and Hurricane Irma in 2017.   

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in International Financial Lines driven by increased large loss activity in
recent accident years, particularly related to directors and officers class
action suits against insureds with global exposure. 

 Our
analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our
judgments about the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense
ratios we selected. 

 During
2017, we recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $1.6 billion.
This unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Casualty lines, driven primarily by increases in underlying severity
and greater than expected emerging loss experience in accident year 2016 as
well as increased development from claims related to construction defects and
construction wrap business (largely from accident years 2006 and prior). 

 •     
  Unfavorable development
in U.S. Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O)
policies covering privately owned and not-for-profit insureds. This development
was predominantly in accident year 2016 and resulted largely from increases in
bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary liability claims for large educational
institutions. 

 •     
  Higher than expected
losses for UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines. We observed a significant
increase in large claims activity in our UK/Europe long-tail business, with a
large proportion emanating from accident year 2016. In addition, we increased
our loss reserves as a result of the decision made by the U.K. Ministry of
Justice to reduce the discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts,
known as the Ogden rate.  

 •     
  In addition we also
observed higher than expected losses in UK/Europe property and special risks
business driven by unexpected development on various large claims across the
property, aviation, marine, and trade credit segments. 

 During 2016, we recognized adverse prior year loss reserve
development of $5.8 billion. This unfavorable development was primarily a
result of the following: 

 •     
  Higher than expected losses emerging
across several casualty product lines, especially in the recent accident years
(generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased frequency and severity of claims.
This recent accident year loss emergence caused us to increase loss development
factors applied across many accident years. 

 •     
  Loss development factors including
workers’ compensation tail factors, also increased due to an observed
lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to prior expectations. 

 •     
  Increases in loss trend assumptions to
reflect the latest observed increases in frequency and severity and the impact
of these increased loss trends on expected loss ratios. 

 •     
  Changes in weights we apply to the
various actuarial methods to better align with updated trends.   

 The
loss development tables below include loss development data by major lines of
business for the last ten accident years.  The drivers of prior year
development are discussed following each of the loss development tables. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            245 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The table below presents the reconciliation
of the net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in the
following tables to Loss Reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the
year ended December 31, 2018: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Net
  liability for 
   unpaid
  losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   as
  presented in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Reinsurance
  recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   included
  in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Gross
  liability for 
   unpaid
  losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation (before discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,038 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,872 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,291 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,949 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,275 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,534 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,282 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,811 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,239 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,817 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines (before 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,524 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,767 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount on workers' compensation lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,755) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,974 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,653 
   
  
 
   
   Total Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83,639 
   
  
 



 Loss Development Information 

 The
following is information about incurred and paid loss developments as of
December 31, 2018, net of reinsurance. The cumulative number of reported
claims, the total of IBNR liabilities and expected development on reported loss
included within the net incurred loss amounts are presented in the following
section. 

 Reserving Methodology  

 We use a
combination of methods to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and
short-tail exposures, which include:  

 ·       
  Paid Development method:  The Paid Development method estimates ultimate losses by
reviewing paid loss patterns and selecting paid ultimate loss development
factors. These factors are then applied to paid losses by applying them to
accident years, with further expected changes in paid loss. Since the method
does not rely on case reserves, it is not directly influenced by changes in the
adequacy of case reserves. 

 ·       
  Incurred Development method:  The Incurred Development method is similar to the Paid
Development method, but it uses case incurred losses instead of paid losses.
Since this method uses more data (case reserves in addition to paid losses)
than the Paid Development method, the incurred development patterns may be less
variable than paid development patterns. 

 ·       
  Expected Loss Ratio method:    The Expected Loss Ratio method multiplies premiums by an expected
loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident year. This
method may be useful if loss development patterns are inconsistent, losses
emerge very slowly, or there is relatively little loss history from which to
estimate future losses. 

 ·       
  Bornhuetter-Ferguson method:    The Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and paid losses is
a combination of the Paid Development method and the Expected Loss Ratio method
where the weight given to each method is the reciprocal of the loss development
factor. This method normally determines expected loss ratios similar to the
method used for the Expected Loss Ratio method. The Bornhuetter-Ferguson method
using premiums and incurred losses is similar to the Bornhuetter-Ferguson
method using premiums and paid losses except that it uses case-incurred losses. 

 ·       
  Cape
Cod method:    The Cape Cod method is mechanically similar
to the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method with the difference being that the Expected
Loss Ratio estimates are determined based on a weighting of the loss estimates
that come from the Paid/Incurred Development Methods. This method may be more
responsive to recent loss trends than the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method. 


 


 

 246                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 ·          Average
Loss method:  The
Average Loss method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an
estimated ultimate severity average loss for each accident year to produce
ultimate loss estimates. Since projections of the ultimate number of claims are
often less variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide
more reliable results for reserve categories where loss development patterns are
inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. 

 In
updating our loss reserve estimates, we consider and evaluate inputs from many
sources, including actual claims data, the performance of prior reserve
estimates, observed industry trends, our internal peer review processes,
including challenges and recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management
group, as well as the views of third-party actuarial firms. We use these inputs
to improve our evaluation techniques, and to analyze and assess the change in
estimated ultimate loss for each accident year by product line. Our analyses
produce a range of indications from various methods, from which we select our
best estimate. 

 In
determining the actual carried loss reserves, we consider both the internal
actuarial best estimate and numerous other internal and external factors,
including: 

 ·       
  an assessment of
economic conditions, including real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or
unemployment duration, stock market volatility and changes in corporate bond
spreads; 

 ·       
  changes in the legal,
regulatory, judicial and social environment, including changes in road safety,
public health and cleanup standards; 

 ·       
  changes in medical cost
trends (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage
inflation trends; 

 ·       
  underlying policy
pricing, terms and conditions including attachment points and policy limits; 

 ·       
  change in claims
handling philosophy, operating model, processes, and related ongoing
enhancements; 

 ·       
  third-party claims
reviews that are periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic
tort, environmental and other complex casualty claims; 

 ·       
  third-party actuarial
reviews that are periodically performed for key classes of business; 

 ·       
  input from underwriters
on pricing, terms, and conditions and market trends; and 

 ·       
  changes in our
reinsurance program, pricing and commutations. 

 The
following factors are relevant to the loss development information Included in
the tables below:  

 ·       
  Table organization:  The tables are organized by accident year
and include policies written on an occurrence and claims- made basis.   We note
that for certain categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and
environmental claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be
reclassified to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the
date of occurrence becomes available to us. These reclassifications are shown
as development in the respective years in the tables below.  Financial Lines
business is primarily written on a claims-made basis, while the majority of the
workers’ compensation, excess casualty, other casualty, and run-off property
and casualty lines of business are written on an occurrence basis. Primarily,
all short-tail lines in Property and Special Risks and Personal Insurance are
written on an occurrence basis.   

 ·       
  Groupings:   We believe our groupings have homogenous
risk characteristics with similar development patterns and would generally be
subject to similar trends and reflect our reportable segments. The incurred
losses and loss adjustment expenses and paid losses in the following tables for
the current reporting year are allocated to the line of business and accident
years based on an initial allocation methodology and updated for the final
allocation in the subsequent reporting year. The difference between the initial
and the final allocation does not have a material impact on the loss tables.   

 ·       
  Reinsurance:   Our reinsurance program varies by
exposure type. Historically we have leveraged facultative and treaty reinsurance,
both on a pro-rata and excess of loss basis. Our reinsurance program may change
from year to year, which may affect the comparability of the data presented in
our tables. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            247 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 ·       
  Adverse
Development Reinsurance Agreement:  We have provided the impact of the Adverse Development
Reinsurance Agreement (ADC) in an additional table below our Incurred Losses
and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses (ALAE) tables. The impact of the ADC is
shown beginning in 2016 given the retroactive date of the contract and
coincides with the effective date of the contract. For the lines of business
covered by the agreement (U.S. Workers' Compensation, U.S. Excess Casualty,
U.S. Other Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines, U.S. Property and Special Risks and
U.S. Personal Insurance or collectively, the "Covered Lines"), an
attribution of the loss recoveries to the line of business by calendar year and
accident year is performed based on the underlying distribution of the losses
subject to the agreement. Specifically, the future claim payments for all
subject incurred losses were projected into future years based on the same
actuarial assumptions underlying the related reserves.  Also, refer to the additional
table presented after discussion of prior year development by line of business,
which reconciles the changes in net ultimates to our overall prior year
development and provides the reattribution of loss recoveries for the Covered
Lines.  The reinsurance
terms of the ADC were then used to identify the future claims payments for
which 80% will be reimbursed by NICO. At each reporting period, the attribution
of the ADC recoveries is performed. The factors that could cause the
attribution to lines of business and accident year to change include changes in
underlying actuarial assumptions as to timing and amount of future claim
payments. 

 ·       
  Incurred
but not reported liabilities (IBNR):   We include development from past reported losses in IBNR. 

 ·       
  Data
excluded from tables: 
Information with respect to accident years older than ten years is excluded
from the development tables. Unallocated loss adjustment expenses are also
excluded. 

 ·       
  Foreign
exchange:  The loss
development for operations outside of the U.S. is presented for all accident
years using the current exchange rate at December 31, 2018.  Although this
approach requires restating all prior accident year information, the changes in
exchange rates do not impact incurred and paid loss development trends. 

 ·       
  Acquisitions:  We include acquisitions from all accident
years presented in the tables. For purposes of this disclosure, we have applied
the retrospective method for the acquired reserves, including incurred and paid
claim development histories throughout the relevant tables. It should be noted
that historical reserves for the acquired businesses were established by the
acquired companies using methods, assumptions and procedures then in effect
which may differ from our current reserving bases. Accordingly, it may not be
appropriate to extrapolate future redundancies or deficiencies based on the
aggregated historical results shown in the triangles. 

 ·       
  Dispositions:  We exclude dispositions from all accident
years presented in the tables. 

 ·       
  Claim
counts:  We consider a
reported claim to be one claim for each claimant or feature for each loss
occurrence. Claims relating to losses that are 100 percent reinsured are
excluded from the reported claims in the tables below.  Reported claims for
losses from assumed reinsurance contracts are not available and hence not
included in the reported claims.   

 ·       
  There are limitations
that should be considered on the reported claim count data in the tables below,
including:  

 -       
  Claim counts are
presented only on a reported (not an ultimate) basis; 

 -       
  The tables below
include lines of business and geographies at a certain aggregated level which
may indicate different frequency and severity trends and characteristics, and
may not be as meaningful as the claim count information related to the
individual products within those lines of business and geographies; 

 -       
  Certain lines of
business are more likely to be subject to occurrences involving multiple
claimants and features, which can distort measures based on the reported  claim
counts in the table below; and 

 -       
  Reported claim counts
are not adjusted for ceded reinsurance, which may distort the measure of
frequency or severity. 

 Supplemental Information:    The information about incurred
and paid loss development for all periods preceding year ended December 31,
2018 and the related historical claims payout percentage disclosure is
unaudited and is presented as supplementary information. 


 


 

 248                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following
tables present undiscounted, incurred and paid losses and allocated loss
adjustment expenses by accident year, on a net basis after reinsurance, with a
separate presentation of the Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement
excluding the related amortization of the deferred gain: 

 U.S. Workers' Compensation 

 During 2018,
we recognized $51 million of unfavorable prior year development, net of
external reinsurance but before ADC cessions. 

 During 2017,
we recognized $31 million of favorable prior year development, net of external
reinsurance but before ADC cessions.                                   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,633 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,608 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,616 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   421 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,504 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (439) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,125 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,148 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,211 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,214 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,267 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (467) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,953 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,152 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,156 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,194 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,260 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,334 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,308 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   (466) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,932 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,950 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,060 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,032 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   452 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   (493) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,764 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,862 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   (485) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,864 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,346 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   625 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   625 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       789 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   998 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   802 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   998 
   
  
     
   
  
   802 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,341) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,818 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,863 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,029) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,834 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            249 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of
  ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,346 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   998 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,000 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,818 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   (503) 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (498) 
   
  
 



 The following table provides our attribution of our reinsurance
recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (411) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (439) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (449) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (467) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (476) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   (515) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (466) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (493) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (485) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (586) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,569) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,515) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,341) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,032) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (656) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,029) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (482) 
   
  
 




 


 

 250                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,390 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       550 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,093 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,537 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,288 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,426 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,532 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       519 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,561 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,884 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,285 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,388 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       415 
   
  
     
   
  
       804 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,089 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,440 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       282 
   
  
     
   
  
       619 
   
  
     
   
  
       879 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       231 
   
  
     
   
  
       558 
   
  
     
   
  
       786 
   
  
     
   
  
       930 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       234 
   
  
     
   
  
       524 
   
  
     
   
  
       725 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       147 
   
  
     
   
  
       378 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   521 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       93 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Workers’ Compensation is an extremely long-tail line of business, with loss
emergence extending for decades.   We generally use a combination of loss
development, frequency/severity and expected loss ratio methods for workers’
compensation.  

 Many of our
primary casualty policies contain risk-sharing features, including high
deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in
addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs
generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and
structures, and are subject to amendment over time. We group guaranteed cost
and excess of deductible business separately and then further by state and
industry subset to the extent that meaningful differences are determined to
exist. We also separately analyze certain subsets of the portfolio that have
unique characteristics (e.g., U.S. government sub-contractor accounts and
construction wrap-up business).  For excess of deductible business, we also
segment by size of deductible and whether the claim is handled by AIG or an
outside third-party administrator (TPA). The proportion of large deductible
business has increased over time, which has slowed the reporting pattern of
claims. 

 For guaranteed
cost business, expected loss ratio methods generally are given significant
weight only in the most recent accident year. Workers’ compensation claims are
generally characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively
consistent loss development from one accident year to the next. We historically
have been a leading writer of workers’ compensation, and thus have sufficient
volume of claims experience to use development methods. We generally segregate
California (CA) and New York (NY) businesses from the other states to reflect
their different development patterns and changing percentage of the mix by
state.   The claims development tables above are impacted by two other
significant initiatives, which offset each other.   In recent years, we
instituted claims strategy changes and loss mitigation efforts to accelerate
settlements, which we believe results in an overall reduction in claim costs.
This strategy resulted in an increase in paid losses along the latest diagonals
relative to prior years. In addition, we have been reducing premium volume in
recent years and shifting a greater proportion of business to insured risk
retention structures such as high deductible policies. These mix and volume
changes slowed paid and incurred development since excess of deductible claims
will typically take longer to emerge and settle. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods for business written in excess of a deductible may be given
significant weight in the most recent five accident years. In the 2016
analysis, we increased our tail factor estimates for states other than NY and
CA for guaranteed cost business in recognition of longer medical development
patterns that we have been seeing in recent years. We reflected increases in
legal costs we have seen across the portfolio, particularly in California. 

 Additionally,
over the years we have written a number of very large accounts which include
workers’ compensation coverage. These accounts are generally individually
priced by our actuaries, and to the extent appropriate, the indicated losses
based on the pricing analysis may be used to record the initial estimated loss
reserves for these accounts. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            251 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we recognized $51 million of adverse prior year
development in US Workers Compensation business with higher claim development factors
at older ages (tail factors) for non-California, non-New York and loss
sensitive business in older accident years being offset by favorable emergence
in recent years. Accident year 2017 was adversely impacted by a change in ceded
reinsurance estimates.  For our Defense Base Act (DBA) business, adverse
development in recent years was offset by an expansion of the definition of
reimbursable War Hazard claims by the US Government. 

 During
2017, we recognized $31 million of favorable prior year development in U.S.
workers’ compensation business, particularly guaranteed cost business in the
states of California and New York. Actual loss emergence during the year,
particularly for guaranteed cost business in these two states, was
significantly less than expected on a reported loss basis. We did recognize some
offsetting unfavorable development in our Defense Based Act (DBA) business that
covers government contractors in U.S. and non-U.S. military installations, as
well as from a Pennsylvania Supreme Court decision that overturned a ruling
that provided limitations on payments for certain permanent injuries (the Protz
decision).  

 During
2016, we recognized $1.9 billion of unfavorable prior year development in
primary workers’ compensation coverages primarily driven by the risk-sharing
programs where we provide coverage in excess of large deductibles. For this
excess of large deductible business, in 2016, we observed actual loss emergence
and development at significantly greater levels than expected based on our
previous experience in particular from losses in excess of $1 million. Since
these policies respond to larger claims, the loss reporting pattern is much
longer than observed in guaranteed cost workers’ compensation and it takes
several years to discern credible changes in the pattern. Furthermore,
implementation of claims settlement and loss mitigation strategies over the
past several years has made the recent evaluation of data more challenging as
historical development patterns may not yet fully reflect these claim and
mitigation activities. During 2016, we refined our actuarial methodology by
combining data  across previously segregated underwriting portfolios to improve
our ability to analyze the loss development trends and patterns that had been
altered by the mix, claims handling and loss mitigation changes we have made
during the last five years. We also developed further segmentations by
deductible size and other key parameters, such as claims handled by TPA staff
and not our claims department. As a result, we determined that the loss
emergence patterns had changed and lengthened significantly from our prior
expectation and therefore, we increased our loss development factors.   

 In addition, for
workers’ compensation policies with no deductibles (guaranteed cost), we
increased our tail factors for the all other states grouping to reflect the
latest unfavorable experience in more mature accident years. This change
increased the ultimate losses by approximately $440 million in 2016. We also
reflected the increasing cost trends for legal and cost containment services,
especially in California, as recent trends in this sector have been
unfavorable. 

 Furthermore, in
2016, the Florida Supreme Court issued two separate rulings that have increased
the potential liability for workers’ compensation claims in that state by
undoing certain aspects of regulations in place since 2003. The Castellanos
ruling eliminated statutory caps on claimant attorney fees in certain cases,
and the Westphal ruling eliminated the 104-week limitation on temporary total
disability benefits. Also in the second quarter, the Florida Court of Appeals
issued the Miles decision, declaring unconstitutional certain restrictions on
claimant-paid attorney fees. In in the second quarter 2016, we increased our
workers’ compensation reserves by $100 million to reflect our estimate of the
costs of these rulings on prior years’ claims.  

 U.S. Excess Casualty 

 During 2018, we recognized $1,274 million of unfavorable prior
year development in Excess Casualty, net of external reinsurance but before ADC
cessions, driven by higher than expected loss emergence for construction defect
and construction wrap claims and increasing loss severity in more recent
accident years.  

 During 2017, we recognized $254 million of unfavorable prior year
development in Excess Casualty, net of external reinsurance but before ADC
cessions, driven by higher than expected loss emergence. 


 


 

 252                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,797 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,638 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,457 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,599 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,935 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (191) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,863 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,771 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,640 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,723 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   (255) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,766 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,807 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   (290) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,588 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,477 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,530 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
       973 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   (301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   925 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       849 
   
  
     
   
  
       968 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,381 
   
  
     
   
  
   (424) 
   
  
     
   
  
   795 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       892 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,334 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,478 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   (464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       790 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       758 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   759 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   695 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,773 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,386) 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,274 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,615) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,715 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance
  (including impact of ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   885 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
     
   
  
   925 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   795 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   898 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   563 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   762 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            253 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following table provides our attribution
of our reinsurance recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (191) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (255) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (242) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (290) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (355) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (424) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (436) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (425) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,223) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,097) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,386) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (346) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,615) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       449 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       788 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,174 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       10 
   
  
     
   
  
       197 
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       654 
   
  
     
   
  
       795 
   
  
     
   
  
       946 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5 
   
  
     
   
  
       63 
   
  
     
   
  
       225 
   
  
     
   
  
       386 
   
  
     
   
  
       716 
   
  
     
   
  
       921 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,069 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       106 
   
  
     
   
  
       288 
   
  
     
   
  
       495 
   
  
     
   
  
       649 
   
  
     
   
  
       887 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       15 
   
  
     
   
  
       104 
   
  
     
   
  
       204 
   
  
     
   
  
       382 
   
  
     
   
  
       546 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       68 
   
  
     
   
  
       202 
   
  
     
   
  
       397 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       9 
   
  
     
   
  
       192 
   
  
     
   
  
       361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       14 
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,877 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Excess Casualty policies tend to attach at a high layer above underlying
policies, which causes the loss development pattern to be lagged significantly.
Many of the claims notified to the excess layers are closed without payment
because the claims never reach our layer as a result of high deductibles and
other underlying coverages, while the claims that reach our layer and close
with payment can be large and highly variable in terms of reported timing and
amount. For a portion of this business, the underlying primary policies are
issued by other insurance companies, which can limit our access to relevant
information to help inform our judgments as the loss events evolve and mature.  


 


 

 254                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 We generally use a combination
of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for excess casualty
product lines. We segment our analysis between automobile-related claims and
non-automobile  claims, due to the shorter-tail nature of the automobile
claims. We then further segment the non-automobile claims for certain latent
exposures such as construction defects and mass torts where losses have unique
emergence patterns. Mass tort claims in particular may develop over an extended
period of time and impact multiple accident years when they emerge. The more
standard types of claims are then separately analyzed based on attachment point
bands, to recognize that the impact of the level of the attachment point can
significantly impact the delay in loss reporting and development.  In our
analyses, losses capped at $10 million were first analyzed using traditional
loss development and expected loss ratio methods and then this estimate was
used to derive the expected loss estimate for losses above $10 million
reflecting the expected relationships between the layers, reflecting the
attachment point and limit. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally used for at least the three latest accident years,
due to the relatively low credibility of the reported losses. The loss
experience is generally reviewed separately by attachment point. The expected
loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the projected ultimate
loss ratios for older years adjusted for rate changes and loss trend.  

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we recognized $1,274 million of adverse development
driven largely by construction defect and construction wrap claims where actual
emergence was significantly worse than expected and our updated analysis
significantly increased the severity assumptions and lengthened the claim
reporting pattern to recognize the significant deterioration seen in recent
calendar periods. We also increased the expected loss ratio assumptions in
recent accident years to reflect the high initial reported loss ratios for
those years and the incidence of several unusually large claims.   

 During
2017, we recognized $254 million of unfavorable prior year development driven
in large part by emerging loss experience in accident year 2016 where frequency
and severity to date has exceeded initial expectations and is coinciding with
increased loss severity in the underlying primary auto and general liability
segments. In addition, we experienced increased development from claims related
to construction defects and construction wrap business. The majority of this
experience came from accident years 2006 and prior.  

 During
2016, we recognized $1.1 billion of unfavorable prior year development driven
by continued higher than expected loss emergence due to increased frequency and
severity in recent accident years for both automobile and general liability
claims. Approximately $250 million of the unfavorable development is
attributable to a cohort of commercial automobile claims identified in 2015
which continued to increase in severity in 2016 beyond what was observed or reasonably
expected in 2015. The most significant increases in incurred losses were for
accident years 2011 and subsequent. In particular, the frequency and severity
of loss events for accident years 2011 and subsequent showed a significant step
change from accident years 2010 and prior. We therefore gave limited
credibility to accident year 2010 and prior in selecting our expected loss
ratios for 2011 and subsequent accident years due to this shift in loss
patterns that is now more evident and credible after examining 2016 data. As a
result of the continued adverse emergence, we have increased our loss trend
assumptions for general liability and automobile and increased our expected
loss ratios for the most recent four accident years.  

 U.S. Other Casualty 

 U.S Other Casualty includes general liability, commercial auto,
medical malpractice, and various other casualty lines of business.   

 In 2018, we recognized $127 million of favorable prior year
development in Other Casualty, net of external reinsurance but before ADC
cessions, primarily as a result of favorable loss emergence in accident years
2011-2016. 

 In 2017, we recognized $216 million of unfavorable prior year
development in Other Casualty, net of external reinsurance but before ADC
cessions, primarily as a result of increased loss severity in recent accident
years.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            255 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,416 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,517 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,818 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,863 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,390 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,132 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,243 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,341 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,384 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,503 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,504 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,052 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,321 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,458 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,601 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,639 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,596 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,012 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,162 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,218 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,229 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,371 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,430 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   (168) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,918 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,152 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,973 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   (97) 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,340 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,778 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,847 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,348 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       616 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (299) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,361) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,543 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,044) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,044) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,416 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,128) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance
  (including impact of ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,714 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,958 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,056 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,705 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,543 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,044) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses before
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   812 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 256                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following table provides our attribution
of our reinsurance recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (168) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,571) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,685) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,361) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   324 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (616) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,128) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       842 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,650 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,386 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,607 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,687 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       295 
   
  
     
   
  
       661 
   
  
     
   
  
       985 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,358 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,640 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,824 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,972 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,087 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       235 
   
  
     
   
  
       726 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,822 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       413 
   
  
     
   
  
       743 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,048 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,395 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,882 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       169 
   
  
     
   
  
       592 
   
  
     
   
  
       956 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,243 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       210 
   
  
     
   
  
       621 
   
  
     
   
  
       871 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       111 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
       783 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       77 
   
  
     
   
  
       299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,044 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            257 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Other Casualty includes general liability, automobile liability, environmental,
medical malpractice, and other casualty lines of business. These lines of
business are all long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in terms of
exposures, these lines are often subject to similar trends. These lines are
often significantly impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial
trends. Many of our policies contain risk-sharing features, including high
deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in
addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs
generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and
structures, and are subject to amendment over time. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods, frequency/severity and expected loss
ratio methods for primary general liability or products liability product
lines. We also supplement the standard actuarial techniques by using
evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual claims or claim accumulations by
external specialists on those subsets of claims. The segmentation of the data
reflects state differences, industry groups, deductible/non-deductible programs
and type of claim. 

 We segment our
analysis by line of business and key coverage structures (claims-made vs.
occurrence, large deductible policies, retrospective-rated policies, captives,
etc.). Additionally, certain subsets, such as construction defect for general
liability, auto liability policies for trucking business, hospital policies for
medical malpractice and underground storage tanks for environmental are
generally reviewed separately from business in other subsets.  We continually
refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty product
lines and adopt further segmentations based on our analysis of the differing
emerging loss patterns for certain subsets of insureds. Due to the long-tail
nature of general liability business, and the many subsets that are reviewed
individually, there is less credibility given to the reported losses and
increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for recent accident years. 

 For certain
product lines with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be
given significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years.
For smaller or more volatile subsets of business and excess of a large
deductible business, loss development methods may be given limited weight for
the five or more recent accident years. Expected loss ratio methods are used
for the more recent accident years for these subsets. The loss experience for
primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is
believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis. For other
subsets, such as environmental, we utilize a combination of claim analysts’
loss projections and actuarial methods to estimate ultimate losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally given significant weight only in the most recent
accident year, except for excess of large deductible business, in which
expected loss ratio methods may receive weight for several of the most recent
accident years. In recent years, the impact of the increase in the frequency of
severe claims was projected in the accident years where it was most prevalent.
The resulting increase in ultimate loss projections and loss ratios for those
years impacted subsequent years through loss development factors and prior
expected loss ratio assumptions. 


 


 

 258                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Prior Year
Development 

 Primary General Liability 

 In 2018, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior
accident years by $214 million mainly due to Construction Casualty business,
particularly construction defect (CD) claims. Our updated analyses for the
construction casualty business reacted to increased severity of claims for both
CD and non-CD claims and lengthened the claim reporting pattern for CD claims. 
 

 In 2017, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior
accident years by $330 million. This was driven by reported loss development
being greater than expected as a result of increased loss severity. We revised
our loss trend assumptions which also contributed to increased estimates for
the more recent accident years. For older accident years, we experienced
increased loss development from construction defect claims and construction
wrap business. 

 In 2016, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior
accident years by $754 million.  We increased our assumptions about loss
development and expected loss ratios based on the adverse actual versus
expected loss emergence driven by increases in severity, especially in the
risk-sharing excess of deductible programs. In addition, our segmentation
separately evaluated key structural drivers recently identified in the data. As
a result, we noted the unfavorable development that was driven by construction
defect claims which continue to increase in severity and which exhibit
continued higher development at later ages than previously observed. We also
identified and separately analyzed in 2016 certain mass tort claims and
increased reserves for such claims due to their much longer claim emergence and
loss development patterns than previously observed. 

 Primary Commercial Auto Liability    

 In 2018, we reduced our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident
years by $142 million mainly due to favorable emergence in recent accident
years. Our updated analyses for the auto business reacted to this experience in
older years as loss trends have stabilized in the more recent years.    

 In 2017, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior
accident years by $42 million. A majority of this development  related to
accident year 2016 where reported loss experience has been emerging greater
than expected, driven by an increase in the frequency of large claims. We have
experienced severity trends in recent accident years that have been at much
higher levels than what has been reflected in the historic data, although we
did see some signs of abatement during the second half of the year. 

 In 2016, we continued to observe increases in both the frequency
and severity of claims occurring in accident years since the recent U.S.
economic downturn. These claims have significantly outpaced both our accident
year loss ratio assumptions made in 2015 and the pricing rate increases
implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $352 million of
unfavorable development during 2016 as we increased the expected loss ratios
for recent accident years to reflect continued market deterioration in the
trends observed in 2016 and the higher reported losses in very recent accident
years. 

 Medical Malpractice     

 During 2018, we recognized favorable loss development of
approximately $158 million as loss emergence was less than expected in older
years due to several large cases settling for less than we expected. Severity
in recent years continues to be higher than historical norms. 

 During 2017, we recognized favorable loss development of $23
million. Reported loss development was less than expected in aggregate;
although we did continue to see higher loss severity in the more recent
accident years. Premium volume has declined significantly over the last several
years and certain segments such as physicians and surgeons, medical products,
and nursing homes business (in certain jurisdictions) have been exited
entirely. 

 During 2016, we recognized $428 million of unfavorable development
in U.S. Other Casualty medical malpractice comprising primary and excess
hospitals and nursing homes coverages.  This was in reaction to a continued
increase in the frequency of unusually large claims in these classes that drove
the adverse actual versus expected loss emergence observed in 2016. Based on
the observed adverse emergence and its sustained levels over the last several
years, we increased our expected incurred losses and loss ratios for accident
years 2011 and subsequent to reflect the distinct step change in the loss
ratios from accident years 2010 and prior. 

 Other Lines 

 During 2018, we recognized favorable loss development of
approximately $41 million largely due to our environmental impairment liability
business where loss activity was better than expected.  

 During 2017, we recognized favorable loss development of $133
million. The key drivers of this activity were favorable development on
loss-sensitive casualty business, environmental impairment liability business,
extra-contractual obligations, and business internally reinsured from other
business units. 

 U.S. Financial Lines  

 During 2018,
we recognized $298 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S.
Financial Lines , net of
external reinsurance but before ADC cessions,  due to adverse experience in the Directors and Officers
(D&O) subset of business 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            259 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2017, we recognized $345 million of unfavorable
prior year development in U.S. Financial Lines , net of external reinsurance but before ADC
cessions,  primarily due to adverse
experience in the Directors and Officers (D&O) subset of business.  

 The mix of
business has been changing in recent years as we write more cyber and mergers
and acquisitions business, which generally report claims faster.      

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted
  and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,693 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,097 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,509 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,366 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,541 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,734 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,902 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,902 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,935 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,997 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,991 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,777 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,892 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,986 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,987 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,122 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,691 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,643 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,541 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,849 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,898 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (207) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   (326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,593 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,841 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,017 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,402 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (807) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,502 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,253) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,253) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance
  (including impact of ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,593 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,567 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,502 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,253) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses before
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   355 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 260                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following table provides our attribution
of our reinsurance recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (198) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (207) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (333) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (774) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (827) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (807) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (820) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,614 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,056 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       31 
   
  
     
   
  
       285 
   
  
     
   
  
       566 
   
  
     
   
  
       800 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       165 
   
  
     
   
  
       494 
   
  
     
   
  
       886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,210 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,732 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,862 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,888 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       76 
   
  
     
   
  
       406 
   
  
     
   
  
       815 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,497 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,625 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       43 
   
  
     
   
  
       333 
   
  
     
   
  
       686 
   
  
     
   
  
       945 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
       371 
   
  
     
   
  
       853 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,159 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
       393 
   
  
     
   
  
       792 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       76 
   
  
     
   
  
       500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   986 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Financial Lines business includes D&O, Errors and Omissions (E&O),
Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI) and various professional
liability subsets of business, as well as the fidelity book of business. This
includes cyber coverage and mergers and acquisitions coverage, which have been
a growing and evolving portion of this portfolio. These product lines are
predominantly claims-made in nature, losses are characterized by low frequency
and high severity, and results are often significantly impacted by external
economic conditions.  

 Our analysis is
segmented by major coverages, such as D&O, E&O, etc. and then further
segmented by major industry groups (e.g. corporate accounts, national accounts,
financial institutions, private/not-for-profit, etc.). We also separately
review primary business from excess business for certain product lines. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            261 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 We generally use a combination
of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for D&O,
E&O, EPLI, and professional liability. These product lines generally are
offered on a claims-made basis, and losses are characterized by low frequency
and high severity. In general, expected loss ratio methods are given more
weight in the more recent accident years, and loss development methods are
given more weight in more mature accident years. The loss development factors
for the different segments differ significantly in some cases, based on
specific coverage characteristics and other factors such as industry group,
attachment points, and limits offered. Individual claims projections for
accident years ended over eighteen months prior are also used in the analysis.  

 Frequency/severity
methods are generally not used in isolation for these product lines as the
overall losses are driven by large losses more than by claim frequency.
Severity trends have varied significantly from accident year to accident year
and care is required in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give
weight to claim department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a
claim-by-claim basis as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values,
especially for older accident years. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. For
surety exposures, we generally use the same method as for short-tail classes
whereby frequency/severity methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor
methods are used alone or in combination to set reserves. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are also given weight for the more recent accident years. IBNR
factor methods are used, when the nature of losses is low frequency/high
severity. The IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the
ultimate expected losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The
factors are determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to
reflect current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs.
The factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience,
rate changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we recognized $298 million of unfavorable prior year
development particularly across accident years 2014-2017. The largest share of
the unfavorable development came from D&O and EPLI for Corporate and National
accounts and resulted largely from increases in severity as the costs of
security class actions increased. Excess D&O also contributed adverse
development due to similar causes. 

 During
2017, we recognized $345 million of unfavorable prior year development
particularly in accident year 2016. The largest share of the unfavorable
development came from D&O for privately owned and not-for -profit insureds and
resulted largely from increases in bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary
liability claims for large educational institutions. Other segments of the
portfolio contributed largely offsetting favorable and unfavorable development;
notably, development was unfavorable for excess D&O and employment
practices liability while development was favorable for fidelity and D&O
for corporate and national accounts. 

 During
2016, we recognized $306 million of unfavorable prior year development as we
reacted to the unfavorable actual versus expected in 2016 driven by higher than
expected settlements on several large claims from the financial crisis for
accident years 2006 to 2010, as well as unfavorable emergence of errors and omissions
losses relative to historical expectations.   In addition to the unfavorable
emergence, we also updated our loss development factor assumptions, expected
loss ratio assumptions and the weights given to the various methods in recent
accident years. 

 U.S. Property and Special Risks 

 During 2018,
we recognized $497 million of favorable prior year development in U.S. Property
and Special Risks , net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions,  mainly due to favorable development from
the 2017 Catastrophes.   

 During 2017,
we recognized $115 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S.
Property and Special Risks , net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions,  mainly due to unfavorable development from
the commercial auto portion of the Program business unit, which offers
multiline policies to small and mid-sized insureds. 


 


 

 262                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,986 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,959 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,894 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,786 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,533 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,489 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,561 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,578 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,558 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,567 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,579 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,569 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,713 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,638 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,628 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,612 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,652 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,191 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,302 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,278 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,234 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,346 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,343 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,526 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,545 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,402 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,449 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,463 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,931 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,684 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,746 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,738 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,116 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,970 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,916 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,894 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,168 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,193 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5,246 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   (450) 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,609 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (562) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (241) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,934 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   289 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,848 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (497) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,534 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance
  (including impact of ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,882 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,558 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,561 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,193 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   (450) 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,489 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,753 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,934 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (531) 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   289 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,534 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (428) 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            263 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following table provides our attribution
of our reinsurance recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (303) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (272) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (241) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,626 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,731 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,793 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,816 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,857 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       757 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,113 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,247 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,371 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,440 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,476 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,021 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,336 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,920 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,384 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,481 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,529 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       842 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,716 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,420 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,785 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,001 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,137 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       736 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,578 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,056 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       901 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,748 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,083 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,296 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,045 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,018 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,039 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 264                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Property products include commercial, industrial and energy-related property
insurance products and services that cover exposures to manmade and natural
disasters, including business interruption. U.S. Special Risk products include
aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit, surety and marine
insurance, and program business for various small and medium sized enterprises
insurance lines.  The program segments include both property and casualty
exposures. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business. Additionally, we separately review
various subsets, including hull, cargo, and liability for marine business,
aviation and satellite for aerospace business, and various other specific
programs and product lines. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as U.S. Property. 

 IBNR factor
methods are used when the nature of losses is low frequency/high severity. The
IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected
losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are
determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect
current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The factors
are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate changes
or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor being
employed. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
aviation exposures. Aviation claims are not very long-tail in nature; however,
they are driven by claim severity. Thus a combination of both development and
expected loss ratio methods is used for all but the latest accident year to
determine the loss reserves.  Frequency/severity methods are not employed due
to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year
to year. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. The
claims staff also provides specific estimates to assist in the setting of
reserves for natural catastrophe losses. 

 For program
business, we use methods which vary by line of business.  For property classes,
we use methods similar to those noted above.  For liability classes, we use
methods similar to those described in the casualty sections detailed above. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident
year. We also use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to
assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we recognized $497 million of
favorable prior year development in U.S. Property and Special Risks driven
largely by favorable development on the 2017 Catastrophes as well as favorable
emergence on non-Catastrophe Commercial Property, and Program and Specialty
classes.   

 During 2017, we recognized $115 million of unfavorable prior year
development primarily driven by commercial auto business in the program
business unit.  A significant portion of this development came from accident
year 2016 with much of it related to programs that have been terminated over
the past year. We also experienced some individual severe loss experience, also
mostly related to accident year 2016 in other lines of business including
aviation, surety, and marine; however, this was largely offset by favorable
development in commercial property. 

 During 2016, we recognized $396 million of unfavorable prior year
development driven by our U.S. program business where we recognized $350
million of unfavorable prior year development due to higher than expected claim
emergence in certain automobile, habitational and professional liability programs
that resulted in our increasing expected loss ratios and loss development
factors for several program subsets.  

 U.S. Personal Insurance 

 During 2018, we recognized $255 million of
unfavorable prior year development in U.S. Personal Insurance , net of external reinsurance
but before ADC cessions, 
mainly due to catastrophe development from accident year 2017. 

 During 2017, we recognized $16 million of
unfavorable prior year development in U.S. Personal Insurance , net of external reinsurance
but before ADC cessions, 
mainly due to homeowners business in accident year 2016. This was partially
offset by favorable development in accident and health business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            265 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,763 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,672 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   376,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,843 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,820 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,817 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,817 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,815 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   422,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,908 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,896 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,890 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,881 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   412,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,208 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,128 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,083 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,077 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,094 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   403,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,887 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,780 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   334,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,562 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   274,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,511 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,498 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,536 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   213,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   723 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   723 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,311 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance
  (including impact of ADC) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended 
   December
  31, 
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses before
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 266                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following table provides our attribution
of our reinsurance recoverable for the ADC only (included in the table above): 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Calendar
  Years Ended  
   December
  31,    
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change
  in Incurred Loss and ALAE 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses
  before 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,563 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,567 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,650 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,205 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,669 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,772 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,808 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,810 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,204 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,752 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,840 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,860 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,869 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,873 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,996 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,065 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,079 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,634 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       959 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       931 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,411 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       857 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       941 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,500 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            267 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Personal Insurance consists of accident and health and personal lines. Accident
and health products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and
supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and other
organizations as well as a broad range of travel insurance products and
services for leisure and business travelers. Personal lines include automobile
and homeowners’ insurance, extended warranty, and consumer specialty products,
such as identity theft and credit card protection. Personal lines also provides
insurance for high net worth individuals offered through AIG Private Client
Group, including auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections
insurance. Personal lines are generally short-tail in nature. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business and may separately review various
sub-segments, such as specific accident and health products and property damage
versus liability for personal lines products. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail product lines such as personal
property. 

 Frequency/severity
and loss development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto product
lines. 

 For these
classes of business, reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim
counts emerge quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for
more immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry
and other diagnostic metrics. 

 In general,
development for U.S. Personal Insurance classes has been very stable, with only
modest changes in the initial selected loss ratios for this business. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we
recognized $255 million of adverse prior year development in US Personal
Insurance driven largely by development on the California Wildfires and
Hurricane Irma in 2017.  

 During 2017, we
recognized $16 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S. Personal
Insurance mainly due to homeowners business in accident year 2016, particularly
from catastrophe activity. This was partially offset by favorable development
in accident and health business. 

 During 2016, we
recognized $32 million of favorable development mainly driven by accident and
health business.  

 UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 

 During 2018, we recognized $58
million of unfavorable prior year development in Europe Casualty and Financial
Lines driven by greater frequency of large losses than expected. 

 During 2017, we recognized $507
million of unfavorable prior year development in UK/Europe Casualty and
Financial Lines, net of external reinsurance, driven by continued higher than
expected loss emergence.  


 


 

 268                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,741 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,721 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,822 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,833 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,923 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,608 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,421 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,376 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,383 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,403 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,399 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   275,528 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,361 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,307 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,375 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,409 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,493 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   265,751 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,153 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,108 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,209 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   219,045 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,190 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,211 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,182 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,237 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   186,848 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,262 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,247 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   177,454 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,321 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,484 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,382 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,538 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   227,036 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   871 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,031 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,518 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,169 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,529) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,022 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   *  The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       924 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,088 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,220 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,621 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,680 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       139 
   
  
     
   
  
       395 
   
  
     
   
  
       606 
   
  
     
   
  
       775 
   
  
     
   
  
       909 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,003 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,069 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       133 
   
  
     
   
  
       362 
   
  
     
   
  
       543 
   
  
     
   
  
       779 
   
  
     
   
  
       923 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,177 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,242 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       115 
   
  
     
   
  
       320 
   
  
     
   
  
       464 
   
  
     
   
  
       642 
   
  
     
   
  
       774 
   
  
     
   
  
       864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   969 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       100 
   
  
     
   
  
       363 
   
  
     
   
  
       525 
   
  
     
   
  
       676 
   
  
     
   
  
       823 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   954 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       83 
   
  
     
   
  
       290 
   
  
     
   
  
       480 
   
  
     
   
  
       620 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       83 
   
  
     
   
  
       285 
   
  
     
   
  
       501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       145 
   
  
     
   
  
       427 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,529 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            269 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 UK/Europe
is our largest non-U.S. region for Liability and Financial Lines.  UK/Europe
Casualty and Financial Lines is composed of third-party coverages including
general liability, auto liability, D&O, professional liability and various
other lines of business throughout both the UK and Continental Europe. These
lines of business are all long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in
terms of exposures, these lines are often subject to similar trends. These lines
are impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial trends. The
largest share of business is in the UK, but significant business is also
written in other European countries such as Germany, France, and Italy. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by country and line of business. Additionally, we
separately review various product lines, including excess versus primary
casualty, commercial versus financial institutions management liability, and
other specific programs and subsets of business.  We maintain a database of
detailed historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for
business written outside of the U.S. which allows our actuaries to determine
loss reserves without foreign exchange distorting development. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods. For
countries and lines of business with sufficient loss volume, loss development
methods may be given significant weight for all but the most recent accident
years. For smaller countries and more volatile product lines, loss development
methods are typically given limited weight for recent accident years. Further,
we may rely on larger data subsets in determining the loss development factors
and  a priori  loss ratio assumptions. 

 In general, the
loss development for long-tail lines in UK/Europe has been more stable than the
development in U.S. long-tail lines, although some underlying drivers have
affected the results in a similar manner (e.g. the impact of the financial
crisis in accident years 2008 and 2009).  

 Prior Year Development 

   

 During
2018, we recognized $58 million of unfavorable prior year development in
UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines  driven by increased large loss activity in recent accident years,
particularly related to directors and officers class action suits against
insureds with global exposure; and  increased severity in excess casualty. 

 During 2017 we recognized $507 million of unfavorable prior year
development in UK/Europe casualty and Financial Lines. We observed a
significant increase in large claims activity across multiple segments, notably
excess casualty business and D&O and professional liability coverages for
financial institutions. This experience was spread across multiple accident
years but had the largest impact on accident year 2016 and accident years 2008
and prior. We increased loss development assumptions for Financial Lines
business in consideration of the increased loss activity experienced in older
accident years and increased expected loss ratios for more recent accident
years. For Casualty lines, we increased loadings for large losses, particularly
in the more recent accident years. In addition, we increased our loss reserves
as a result of the decision made by the U.K. Ministry of Justice to reduce the
discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts, known as the Ogden
rate.  

 During 2016, we recognized $320 million of unfavorable prior year
development. Within UK/Europe Financial Lines, we recognized $232 million of
unfavorable development primarily from the D&O line in UK and Continental
Europe as result of the unfavorable actual versus expected loss emergence in
2016 due to increased frequency and severity resulting from increasing
litigation. In UK/Europe Casualty we recognized $123 million of unfavorable
development primarily from the unexpected emergence of several large excess
casualty claims. The actual versus expected loss emergence for UK/Europe
Casualty and Financial Lines was more than expected. 

 UK/Europe Property and Special Risks 

 During 2018, we recognized $22 million of
favorable prior year development in the UK/Europe Property and Special Risks
segment, net of external reinsurance. 

 During 2017, we recognized $157 million of
unfavorable prior year development in the UK/Europe Property and Special Risks
segment, net of external reinsurance, driven primarily by unexpected
development on large claims, primarily from accident years 2015 and 2016. 


 


 

 270                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,244 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,090 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,060 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       986 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       970 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,280 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,679 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,544 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,388 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,304 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,283 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,111 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,339 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,225 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,161 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,151 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,560 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,323 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,161 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,379 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,460 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,450 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,340 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,711 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,578 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,566 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,553 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,009 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,685 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,698 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,471 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,644 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,698 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,513 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,923 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,052 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,370 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,305) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,988 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       910 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       933 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   935 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       413 
   
  
     
   
  
       900 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,077 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,207 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,236 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,245 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       339 
   
  
     
   
  
       778 
   
  
     
   
  
       969 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,045 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,068 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,085 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       280 
   
  
     
   
  
       725 
   
  
     
   
  
       917 
   
  
     
   
  
       985 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,031 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,066 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       334 
   
  
     
   
  
       839 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,079 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,209 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,229 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       336 
   
  
     
   
  
       972 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,270 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,385 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       402 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,449 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,442 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       396 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,305 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            271 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 UK/Europe
Property products include commercial, industrial and energy-related property
insurance products and services that cover exposures to manmade and natural
disasters, including business interruption.  UK/Europe Special Risk products
include aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit, surety and
marine insurance, and various small and medium sized enterprises insurance
lines. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business. Additionally, we separately review
various subsets, including hull, cargo, and liability for marine business,
aviation and satellite for aerospace business, and various other specific
programs and product lines. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as UK/Europe Property. 

 IBNR factor
methods are used when the nature of losses is low frequency/high severity. The
IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected
losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are
determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect
current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The
factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate
changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
aviation exposures. Aviation claims are not very long-tail in nature; however,
they are driven by claim severity. Thus a combination of both development and
expected loss ratio methods is used for all but the latest accident year to
determine the loss reserves.  Frequency/severity methods are not employed due
to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year
to year. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. The
claims staff also provides specific estimates to assist in the setting of
reserves for natural catastrophe losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident
year. We also use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to
assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018, we recognized $22 million of favorable prior year
development in the Europe Property and Special Risks segment driven by
favorable development across most accident years with some adverse development
in accident years 2014 and 2016. 

 During 2017, we recognized $157 million of unfavorable prior year
development, primarily from accident years 2015 and 2016. This was largely driven
by large individual claim development in the property, aviation, marine, and
trade credit lines of business. 

 During 2016, we recognized $11 million of unfavorable prior year
development, primarily from the property segment. 

 UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance   

 During 2018, we recognized $116 million of
favorable prior year development in UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance, net
of external reinsurance. 

 During 2017, we recognized $58 million of
favorable prior year development in UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance, net
of external reinsurance, mainly due to accident and health business. 


 


 

 272                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,037 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,980 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,976 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,606,155 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,945 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,993 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,994 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,982 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,983 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,977 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,005 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819,899 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,241 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,301 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,267 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,269 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,258 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,262 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,261 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,777,851 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,856 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,838 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,804 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,813 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,814 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,730,053 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,671 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,672 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,669 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,736,129 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,668 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,660 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,792,742 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,738 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,714 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,702 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,771,419 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,690 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,656 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,791,483 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,631 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,691,824 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,089 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   641 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,636,511 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (125) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in
  the table are not covered by the Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,714 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,840 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,894 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,923 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,951 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,959 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,480 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,723 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,833 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,889 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,924 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,943 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,954 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,961 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,971 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,766 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,999 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,174 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,203 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,219 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,335 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,562 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,668 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,724 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,754 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,770 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,217 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,432 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,593 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,623 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,194 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,413 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,523 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,579 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,478 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,456 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,574 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,478 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,199 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,416 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,446 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,156 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,845 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in
  the table are not covered by the Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            273 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 UK/Europe
and Japan Personal Insurance lines consist of accident and health and personal
lines. Accident and health products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal
accident and supplemental health products for individuals, employees,
associations and other organizations as well as a broad range of travel
insurance products and services for leisure and business travelers. Personal
lines include automobile and homeowners’ insurance, extended warranty, and
consumer specialty products, such as identity theft and credit card protection.
Personal lines are generally short-tail in nature. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business (and by country for UK/Europe and
Japan business) and may separately review various sub-segments, such as
specific accident and health products and property damage versus liability for
other personal lines products. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail product lines such as personal
property. 

 Frequency/severity
and loss development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto product
lines. 

 For these classes
of business, reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim counts
emerge quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for more
immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry and
other diagnostic metrics. 

 In general,
development for UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance classes has been very
stable, with only modest changes in the initial selected loss ratios for this
business. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2018,  we
recognized $116 million of favorable prior year development in UK/Europe and
Japan Personal Insurance due to favorable emergence on catastrophes, accident
and health business, and personal auto business. 

 During 2017 and 2016, we recognized $58 million and $82 million of
favorable development, respectively, mainly driven by the accident and health
business.  

 U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines 

 During 2018, the U.S. Run-Off Long
Tail Insurance Lines experienced favorable prior year development of $4 million , net of external
reinsurance .  

 During 2017, the U.S. Run-Off Long
Tail Insurance Lines experienced favorable prior year development of $30
million ,
net of external reinsurance,  driven primarily by
favorable asbestos development. 


 


 

 274                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       532 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       602 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       599 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       576 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   584 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,251 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       640 
   
  
     
   
  
       528 
   
  
     
   
  
       534 
   
  
     
   
  
       557 
   
  
     
   
  
       585 
   
  
     
   
  
       582 
   
  
     
   
  
       611 
   
  
     
   
  
       565 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,530 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       534 
   
  
     
   
  
       542 
   
  
     
   
  
       576 
   
  
     
   
  
       641 
   
  
     
   
  
       676 
   
  
     
   
  
       685 
   
  
     
   
  
       700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   687 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       629 
   
  
     
   
  
       678 
   
  
     
   
  
       741 
   
  
     
   
  
       786 
   
  
     
   
  
       751 
   
  
     
   
  
       752 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       482 
   
  
     
   
  
       533 
   
  
     
   
  
       589 
   
  
     
   
  
       570 
   
  
     
   
  
       528 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,547 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       379 
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       453 
   
  
     
   
  
       459 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,346 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       439 
   
  
     
   
  
       523 
   
  
     
   
  
       550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,357 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       294 
   
  
     
   
  
       285 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   640 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,517 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2009, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,835 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       429 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       447 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       461 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   472 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       57 
   
  
     
   
  
       149 
   
  
     
   
  
       243 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
       404 
   
  
     
   
  
       435 
   
  
     
   
  
       455 
   
  
     
   
  
       464 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       21 
   
  
     
   
  
       140 
   
  
     
   
  
       259 
   
  
     
   
  
       385 
   
  
     
   
  
       449 
   
  
     
   
  
       532 
   
  
     
   
  
       549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       86 
   
  
     
   
  
       194 
   
  
     
   
  
       286 
   
  
     
   
  
       414 
   
  
     
   
  
       481 
   
  
     
   
  
       498 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   525 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       87 
   
  
     
   
  
       154 
   
  
     
   
  
       261 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
       368 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       21 
   
  
     
   
  
       96 
   
  
     
   
  
       185 
   
  
     
   
  
       233 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       35 
   
  
     
   
  
       132 
   
  
     
   
  
       238 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       53 
   
  
     
   
  
       140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,256 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            275 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines include run-off lines for asbestos and
environmental (1986 and prior), excess workers’ compensation, and other
casualty coverages consisting of environmental impairment liability and related
coverages, medical malpractice, workers’ compensation, and general liability. 
In some cases, the exposures in the more recent years have declined since the
portfolio is in run-off. 

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior) 

 Asbestos coverage has been excluded from AIG policies
commencing in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos claims exposures are ceded to
National Indemnity Company (NICO) under a retroactive reinsurance arrangement
entered into in 2011. Many of other asbestos-related exposures are very
long-tailed in nature and with exposures dating back 30 years or more. We
consider a number of factors and recent experience in addition to the results
of both external and internal analyses, to estimate asbestos and pre-1986
environmental loss reserves.  We primarily base our determination of these loss
reserves on a combination of ground-up and top-down analyses of historical
claims and available insurance coverages.  Nonetheless, we believe that
significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability for asbestos and
environmental claims, which is due to several factors, including: 

 •     
  the long latency period between
asbestos exposure and disease manifestation, and pollution events occurring
undetected over many years, leading to the potential for involvement of
multiple policy periods for individual claims; 

 •     
  claims filed under the non-aggregate
premises or operations section of general liability policies; 

 •     
  the number of insureds seeking
bankruptcy protection and the effect of prepackaged bankruptcies; 

 •     
  diverging legal interpretations; and  

 •     
  the difficulty in estimating the
allocation of remediation cost among various parties with respect to
environmental claims. 

 Loss
reserves for asbestos and environmental claims cannot be estimated using
conventional reserving techniques such as those that rely on historical
accident year loss development factors. The methods used to determine asbestos
and environmental loss estimates and to establish the resulting reserves are
continually reviewed and updated by management. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation 

 Excess
workers’ compensation has an extremely long tail and is one of the most
challenging lines of business from a reserving perspective, particularly when
the excess coverage is provided above a self-insured retention layer. The class
is highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions (for example — in the rate
of medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers) which can have a
significant effect on the ultimate reserve cost estimate. 

 Excess Workers’
Compensation business was written over qualified self-insurance by various
divisions beginning in the 1980’s.  In 1992, this business was consolidated
into one division where it continued writing business up until 2011, when it
was effectively put into runoff.  In this book of business, the claims are not
handled (or administered) by AIG General Insurance claims personnel, but are
administered by the client’s designated TPA. However, AIG General Insurance
claims personnel maintain an oversight role over these TPAs and claims. 

 Loss
and loss adjustment expense liability estimates for excess workers’
compensation exposures are subject to additional uncertainties, due to the
following: 

 •     
  claim settlement time is longer than
most other casualty lines, due to the lifetime benefits that can be expected to
payout on certain claims;  

 •     
  coverage statutes that vary by state;
and 

 •     
  future medical inflation costs are
difficult to estimate 

 For
this business, a combination of traditional methods (paid and incurred loss
development) and non-traditional methods (individual claim annuity model,
report yea incurred loss development, and pure IBNR count/severity methods) are
used to estimate loss and loss expense liability estimates.  Loss data is segmented
so as to reflect the anomalies in the historical data due to the various loss
mitigation initiatives employed over the last several years.  


 


 

 276                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Other Casualty
Run-Off 

 As
noted above, other legacy exposures include environmental impairment liability
and related coverages, medical malpractice, workers’ compensation, and general
liability.  Depending on the individual class or lines of business reviewed,
either traditional methods (i.e. paid loss development, incurred loss
development), non-traditional methods (such as paid survival ratio or
IBNR-to-case ratio methods) or a combination of the two are used.  In addition,
for some of the environmental impairment liability related coverage, approaches
based on individual claim department estimates for large remediation sites are
extensively included as part of the overall actuarial estimates for
environmental impairment liability related exposures. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2018, the U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines recognized $4 million of
favorable prior year development with adverse development on pre-1986 pollution
business offset by favorable development in Excess Auto Liability,
Environmental, and Healthcare Lines. 

 During
2017, the U.S. Run-Off long tail insurance lines recognized $30 million of
favorable prior year development.  

 During 2016, the
U.S. Run-Off long tail insurance lines recognized $390 million of unfavorable
prior year development.  

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior)     

 In 2018, we
recognized no change on the retained portion of asbestos claims. The
development on the portion of the asbestos business ceded to NICO was
unfavorable by $96 million on a gross basis, but had no net impact. For
environmental, we recognized $150 million in unfavorable prior year development
as a result of adverse claim emergence and top-down actuarial analyses
performed during the year.  

 In 2017, we
recognized favorable net prior year development of $37 million on the retained
portion of asbestos claims. This was primarily due to additional reinsurance
recoveries identified for this portfolio. The development on the portion of the
asbestos business ceded to NICO was unfavorable by $50 million on a gross
basis, but had no net impact. For environmental, we recognized $22 million in unfavorable
prior year development in consideration of activity related to several large
clean-up sites and related accounts as well as a result of top-down actuarial
analyses performed during the year. As part of this analysis, we increased our
estimates of unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves for such claims,
which were partially offset by a decrease in indemnity reserves. 

 In 2016, we
increased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $106 million and
decreased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $20 million. The gross
undiscounted change reflects an increase in estimates related to our accounts
retroceded to NICO.  The favorable development of the net incurred losses was
largely a result of higher estimated external reinsurance recoveries on our
retained asbestos exposures. For environmental, we increased incurred losses by
$211 million primarily due to unfavorable development on several large clean-up
sites and related accounts as well as a result of top down actuarial analyses
performed during the year. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation    

 We did not
recognize any material development in this segment during 2018, 2017 or 2016. 
The proactive management of settlement negotiations and other claims mitigation
strategies minimized the volatility observed during this period. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            277 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Other
Casualty Run-Off    

 During 2018,
prior year development was favorable by $154 million driven by favorable
emergence on runoff excess trucking, Environmental and Healthcare segments and
other runoff lines. 

 In 2017, the net
prior year development for the remaining legacy was favorable by $15 million.
We experienced favorable development on runoff medical malpractice and
environmental impairment liability business, which was partially offset by net
unfavorable development on other casualty segments. 

 We increased the reserves for these coverages by $190
million during 2016 to reflect updated assumptions about future loss
development. The increase was driven by runoff public entity business where we
reacted to the adverse emergence over the last year by increasing our loss
development factors to reflect the portfolio’s experience especially in the
loss tail instead of relying on the overall excess casualty loss development
factors. 

 The table below presents the reconciliation of change in net ultimates
from tables above to prior year development for the year ended December 31,
2018: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Change
  in Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses Net Ultimate (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Re-Attribution
  of ADC Recovery (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization
  of Deferred Gain at Inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   Prior
  Year Development 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (498) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   589 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   762 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (370) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (483) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal, adjusted pre-tax basis 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   362 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remove benefit of Retroactive Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred gain at inception 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development ceded under the Asbestos LPT 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development ceded under the ADC 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
 
   
   Total, prior years, excluding discount and amortization of
  deferred gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,429 
   
  
 



 (a)     Change in net ultimate loss and LAE excludes the portion of
prior year development for which we have ceded to the Asbestos Loss Portfolio
Transfer (LPT) and the Adverse Development Cover (ADC), both of which are
provided by NICO and are considered retroactive reinsurance under US GAAP. 
Amounts shown exclude $30 million of pre-acquisition prior year development
from Validus.  Validus' pre-acquisition development is included in the 10-year
triangles shown above but is not included in AIG's financial results. 

 (b)     Reattribution of the ADC recovery takes place annually as
we model the future payments on the subject reserves covered by the ADC to determine
when the aggregate payments will exceed the attachment.  ADC recoverables are
then reallocated by line based on payments expected to be made after attachment
point is exceeded. 

 
 


 

 278                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Prior Year Development before 2009 

 The previous development tables include only accident years 2009
to 2018.  The following table summarizes (favorable) unfavorable development,
of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2008 and
prior by operating segment and major class of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   2008 and prior accident year development, excluding the impact
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement, by major class of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of business and driver of development: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation (before discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines (before discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   372 
   
  
 
   
   All Other including unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,029 
   
  
 



 Claims Payout Patterns 

 The following table presents the historical average annual
percentage claims payout on an accident year basis at the same level of
disaggregation as presented in the claims development table. 

 
  
   
   Average Annual Percentage Payout of Incurred Losses by Age,
  Net of Reinsurance (Unaudited) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   13.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   5.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
   9.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
   4.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
   29.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
   58.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
   8.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
   25.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
   56.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
   13.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            279 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Discounting of Loss Reserves 

 At December 31, 2018,
the loss reserves reflect a net loss reserve discount of $2.0 billion,
including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following
assumptions: 

 Certain asbestos claims
are discounted when allowed by the regulator and when payments are fixed and
determinable, based on the investment yields of the companies and the payout
pattern for the claims. At December 31, 2016, the discount for asbestos
reserves was amortized.  

 The tabular workers’
compensation discount is calculated based on a 3.5 percent interest rate and
the mortality rate used in the 2007 U.S. Life Table.   

 The non-tabular
workers’ compensation discount is calculated separately for companies domiciled
in New York and Pennsylvania, and follows the statutory regulations (prescribed
or permitted) for each state.  For New York companies, the discount is based on
a 5 percent interest rate and the companies’ own payout patterns. In 2012, for
Pennsylvania companies, the statute has specified discount factors for accident
years 2001 and prior, which are based on a 6 percent interest rate and an
industry payout pattern. For accident years 2002 and subsequent, the discount
is based on the payout patterns and investment yields of the companies.   

 In 2013, our
Pennsylvania regulator approved use of a consistent discount rate (U.S.
Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium) to all of our workers’ compensation
reserves in our Pennsylvania-domiciled companies, as well as our use of updated
payout patterns specific to our primary and excess workers compensation
portfolios.  

 The discount consists
of $603 million of tabular discount and $1.4 billion of non-tabular discount
for workers’ compensation for 2018. During the years ended December 31, 2018,
2017, and 2016 the benefit/(charge) from changes in discount of $371 million,
($187) million and $422 million, respectively, were recorded as part of the
policyholder benefits and losses incurred in the Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Income.  

 The following table presents the components of the loss reserve
discount discussed above: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,383 
   
  
 
   
   Retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,720) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,720) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
 
   
   Total reserve discount * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   926 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
 



 * Excludes
$163 million and $173 million of discount related to certain long tail
liabilities in the United Kingdom at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 The following table presents the net loss reserve discount benefit
(charge): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Current accident year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
 
   
   Accretion and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments to prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   year discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of interest rate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount on loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reserves ceded under 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reserve discount * 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,657) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,726) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes
$(9) million and $8 million of discount related to certain long tail
liabilities in the United Kingdom at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 


 


 

 280                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2018, effective interest rates increased due to an
increase in the forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting
an incline in U.S. Treasury rates along with the changes in payout pattern
assumptions. This resulted in an increase in the loss reserve discount by $418
million in 2018.  

 During
2017 and 2016, effective interest rates declined due to a decrease in the
forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting a decline in
U.S. Treasury rates along with the changes in payout pattern assumptions. This
resulted in a decrease in the loss reserve discount by $71 million in 2017 and
$106 million in 2016. 

 Future Policy Benefits  

 Future policy
benefits primarily include reserves for traditional life and annuity payout
contracts, which represent an estimate of the present value of future benefits
less the present value of future net premiums. Included in Future policy
benefits are liabilities for annuities issued in structured settlement
arrangements whereby a claimant has agreed to settle a general insurance claim
in exchange for fixed payments over a fixed determinable period of time with a
life contingency feature. In addition, reserves for contracts in loss
recognition are adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains on fixed
maturity securities available for sale and prior to 2018, equity securities at
fair value, with related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income.
 

 Future policy
benefits also include certain guaranteed benefits of variable annuity products
that are not considered embedded derivatives, primarily guaranteed minimum
death benefits.   

 For
additional information on guaranteed minimum death benefits see Note 14.  

 The liability
for long-duration future policy benefits has been established including
assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of issuance and product, and
range from approximately 0.1 percent to 14.6 percent. Mortality and surrender
rate assumptions are generally based on actual experience when the liability is
established. 

 Policyholder Contract Deposits  

 The liability
for Policyholder contract deposits is primarily recorded at accumulated value
(deposits received and net transfers from separate accounts, plus accrued
interest credited at rates ranging from 0.3 percent to 10.0 percent at December
31, 2018, less withdrawals and assessed fees). Deposits collected on
investment-oriented products are not reflected as revenues, because they are
recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits upon receipt.  Amounts
assessed against the contract holders for mortality, administrative, and other
services are included in revenues.  

 In addition to liabilities
for universal life, fixed annuities, fixed options within variable annuities,
annuities without life contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder
contract deposits also include our liability for (a) certain guaranteed
benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair
value, (b) annuities issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no
life contingency and (c) certain contracts we have elected to account for
at fair value.   

 For
additional information on guaranteed benefits accounted for as embedded
derivatives see Note 14 herein. 

 For universal
life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize certain liabilities in
addition to policyholder account balances.  For universal life policies with
secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which
profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception, a liability is
recognized based on a benefit ratio of (a) the present value of total expected
payments, in excess of the account value, over the life of the contract,
divided by (b) the present value of total expected assessments over the life of
the contract.  For universal life policies without secondary guarantees, for
which profits followed by losses are first expected after contract inception,
we establish a liability, in addition to policyholder account balances, so that
expected future losses are recognized in proportion to the emergence of profits
in the earlier (profitable) years.  Universal life account balances as well as
these additional liabilities related to universal life products are reported
within Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These
additional liabilities are also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized
gains or losses on fixed maturity securities available for sale and prior to
2018, equity securities at fair value on accumulated assessments, with related
changes recognized through Other comprehensive income. 

 Under
a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term notes to investors, which
are secured by GICs issued to the trust by one of our Life and Retirement companies
through our Institutional Markets business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            281 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 The following
table presents Policyholder contract deposits by product line: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,695 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,979 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,422 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,448 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,690 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,497 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,077 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,986 
   
  
 
   
   Total Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142,262 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,602 
   
  
 



 Other Policyholder Funds 

 Other
policyholder funds include unearned revenue reserves (URR). URR consist of
front-end loads on investment-oriented contracts, representing those policy
loads that are non-level and typically higher in initial policy years than in
later policy years. URR for investment-oriented contracts are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits (EGPs) to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts and are subject to the same adjustments due to changes in the
assumptions underlying EGPs as DAC.  Amortization of URR is recorded in Policy
fees. Similar to Shadow DAC, URR related to investment-oriented products is
also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed
maturity securities available for sale and also, prior to 2018, equity securities
at fair value on estimated gross profits, with related changes recognized through
Other comprehensive income (shadow URR). 

 Other
policyholder funds also include provisions for future dividends to
participating policyholders, accrued in accordance with all applicable
regulatory or contractual provisions. Participating life business represented
approximately 1.7 percent of gross insurance in force at December 31, 2018
and 2.4 percent of gross domestic premiums and other considerations in 2018.
The amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved locally by the boards of
directors of the Life and Retirement companies. Provisions for future dividend
payments are computed by jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The
portions of current and prior net income and of current unrealized appreciation
of investments that can inure to our benefit are restricted in some cases by
the insurance contracts and by the local insurance regulations of the
jurisdictions in which the policies are in force. 

 Certain products
are subject to experience adjustments. These include group life and group
medical products, credit life contracts, accident and health insurance
contracts/riders attached to life policies and, to a limited extent,
reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers. Ultimate premiums from these
contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue with the unearned portions of
the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other policyholder funds. Experience
adjustments vary according to the type of contract and the territory in which
the policy is in force and are subject to local regulatory guidance. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 282                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

   


 
 14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts  

 


 We
report variable contracts within the separate accounts when investment income
and investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and investment risk is
borne by, the contract holder and the separate account meets additional
accounting criteria to qualify for separate account treatment. The assets
supporting the variable portion of variable annuity and variable universal life
contracts that qualify for separate account treatment are carried at fair value
and reported as Separate account assets, with an equivalent summary total
reported as Separate account liabilities.  

 Policy values
for variable products and investment contracts are expressed in terms of
investment units. Each unit is linked to an asset portfolio. The value of a
unit increases or decreases based on the value of the linked asset portfolio.
The current liability at any time is the sum of the current unit value of all
investment units in the separate accounts, plus any liabilities for guaranteed
minimum death benefits (GMDB) or guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB)
included in Future policy benefits or Policyholder contract deposits, respectively. 

 Amounts assessed
against the contract holders for mortality, administrative and other services
are included in revenue. Net investment income, net investment gains and losses,
changes in fair value of assets, and policyholder account deposits and
withdrawals related to separate accounts are excluded from the Consolidated
Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Cash Flows.  

 Variable
annuity contracts may include certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the
contract holder. These guaranteed features include GMDB that are payable in the
event of death, and living benefits that are payable in the event of
annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the
accumulation period. Living benefits primarily include GMWB. A variable annuity
contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for
example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only
receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death
benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive (except
a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a GMDB upon
their spouse’s death and a GMWB during their lifetime). A policyholder cannot
purchase more than one living benefit on one contract.  The net amount at
risk for each feature is calculated irrespective of the existence of other
features; as a result, the net amount at risk for each feature is not additive
to that of other features. 

 Account balances of variable annuity contracts with guarantees were
invested in separate account investment options as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Equity funds 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,594 
   
  
 
   
   Bond funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,793 
   
  
 
   
   Balanced funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,656 
   
  
 
   
   Money market funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,773 
   
  
 



 GMDB 

 Depending on the
contract, the GMDB feature may provide a death benefit of either (a) total
deposits made to the contract less any partial withdrawals plus a minimum
return (and in rare instances, no minimum return) or (b) the highest
contract value attained, typically on any anniversary date minus any subsequent
withdrawals following the contract anniversary. GMDB is our most widely offered
benefit. 

 The liability
for GMDB, which is recorded in Future policy benefits, represents the expected
value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess
recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected
assessments, through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  The net amount
at risk for GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value
if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            283 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

   


 
 The following
table presents details concerning our GMDB exposures, by benefit type : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
 
   
   Account value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Net amount at risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Average attained age of contract holders by product 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 
   
  
     
   
  
   0-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 The following summarizes GMDB liability related to variable annuity
contracts, excluding assumed reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   352 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve increase (decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in reserves related to unrealized appreciation of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   352 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
 



 Assumptions
used to determine the GMDB liability include interest rates, which vary by year
of issuance and products; mortality rates, which are based upon actual
experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; lapse rates, which
are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy
form; i nvestment returns, using
assumptions from a randomly generated model; and  asset growth assumptions, which include a reversion to the mean
methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   

 We regularly
evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB liability and adjust the
additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or other evidence suggests
that earlier assumptions should be revised. 

 GMWB  

 Certain of our
variable annuity contracts contain optional GMWB benefits and, to a lesser
extent, guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits, which are not currently offered.
With a GMWB, the contract holder can monetize the excess of the guaranteed
amount over the account value of the contract only through a series of
withdrawals that do not exceed a specific percentage per year of the guaranteed
amount. If, after the series of withdrawals, the account value is exhausted,
the contract holder will receive a series of annuity payments equal to the
remaining guaranteed amount, and, for lifetime GMWB products, the annuity
payments continue as long as the covered person(s) is living.  

 The liabilities
for GMWB, which are recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted
for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair
value of the liabilities recorded in Other net realized capital gains (losses).
The fair value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of $1.9
billion and $2.0 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

 For a discussion
of the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are accounted for as
embedded derivatives see Note 5.   

 We had account
values subject to GMWB that totaled $41 billion and $45 billion at December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the
present value of minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with
contract terms, in excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount
at risk related to the GMWB guarantees was $215 million and $450 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We use derivative instruments and
other financial instruments to mitigate a portion of our exposure that arises
from GMWB benefits.   



 
  



 

 

 


 

 284                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    15. Debt 

   


 
 15. Debt  

 


 Our long-term debt is
denominated in various currencies, with both fixed and variable interest rates.
Long-term debt is carried at the principal amount borrowed, including
unamortized discounts, hedge accounting valuation adjustments and fair value
adjustments, when applicable. 

 The following table lists our total debt outstanding at December
31, 2018 and 2017. The interest rates presented in the following table are the
range of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2018, including fixed and
variable-rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Range
  of 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Interest
  Rate(s) 
   
  
   Date(s) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   0% -
  8.13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 -
  2097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,853 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
 
   
      Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   4.88% -
  8.63% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2037 -
  2058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
   0.28% -
  0.44% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 -
  2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
 
   
   Validus notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   8.88% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2040 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   6.63% -
  7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2025 -
  2029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   7.57% -
  8.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030 -
  2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,734 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,156 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
 
   
      Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   2.69% -
  2.75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2046 -
  2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
      GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
   0.5% -
  7.62% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 -
  2053 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
   0.5% -
  9.97% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030 -
  2040 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,968 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      mortgages payable 
   
  
   2.68% -
  4.73% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 -
  2024 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (b) 
   
  
   0% -
  10.3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 -
  2067 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,404 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,029 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,572 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,219 
   
  
 
   
   Total long term debt    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
 



 (a)  AIG Parent
guarantees all such debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP matched
notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral
posted to third parties was  $1.5 billion
and $2.0 billion at  December 31, 2018  and  December 31, 2017 , respectively .  This
collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and
government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by
the counterparties. 

 (b)  At
December 31, 2018, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $3.7 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other securitization vehicles of $2.9
billion. At December 31, 2017, includes debt of consolidated investment
vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.5 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other securitization vehicles of $1.7 billion. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            285 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    15. Debt 

   


 
 The following table presents maturities of
long-term debt (including unamortized original issue discount, hedge accounting
valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable), excluding
$8.4 billion of debt of consolidated investments: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year
  Ending 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,599 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,905 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Validus notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   999 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,458 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,599 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,455 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,541 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,611 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,871 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,066 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,490 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,072 
   
  
 



 Uncollateralized and collateralized notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable consisted of the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes/Bonds/Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages
  Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   333 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
 



 *    AIG does not guarantee any of these borrowings. 

 AIGLH Junior Subordinated Debentures 

 In connection
with our acquisition of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH) in 2001, we entered
into arrangements with AIGLH with respect to outstanding AIGLH capital
securities. In 1996, AIGLH issued capital securities through a trust to
institutional investors and funded the trust with AIGLH junior subordinated
debentures issued to the trust with the same terms as the capital securities.  

 On July 11,
2013, the AIGLH junior subordinated debentures were distributed to holders of
the capital securities, the capital securities were cancelled and the trusts
were dissolved. At December 31, 2018, the junior subordinated debentures
outstanding consisted of $113 million of 8.5 percent junior subordinated
debentures due July 2030, $211 million of 8.125 percent junior subordinated
debentures due March 2046 and $37 million of 7.57 percent junior subordinated
debentures due December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a
committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the Facility) as a potential
source of liquidity for general corporate purposes.  The Facility provides for
aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving
loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without any limits
on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in June 2022. 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Available 
   
  
      
   
  
   Effective 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Size  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
   Date 
   
  
 
   
   Syndicated Credit Facility 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
   June
  2022 
   
  
   6/27/2017 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 286                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

   


 
 16.
Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

 


 In the normal course of business, various contingent
liabilities and commitments are entered into by AIG and our subsidiaries. In
addition, AIG Parent guarantees various obligations of certain subsidiaries. 

 Although AIG
cannot currently quantify its ultimate liability for unresolved litigation and
investigation matters, including those referred to below, it is possible that
such liability could have a material adverse effect on AIG’s consolidated
financial condition or its consolidated results of operations or consolidated
cash flows for an individual reporting period. 

 Legal Contingencies 

 Overview.     In the normal course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries
are, like others in the insurance and financial services industries in general,
subject to regulatory and government investigations and actions, and litigation
and other forms of dispute resolution in a large number of proceedings pending
in various domestic and foreign jurisdictions.  Certain of these matters
involve potentially significant risk of loss due to potential for significant
jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or other penalties.  Many of
these matters are also highly complex and seek recovery on behalf of a class or
similarly large number of plaintiffs.  It is therefore inherently difficult to
predict the size or scope of potential future losses arising from these
matters.  In our insurance and reinsurance operations, litigation and
arbitration concerning the scope of coverage under insurance and reinsurance
contracts, and litigation and arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or
indemnify their insureds under insurance contracts, are generally considered in
the establishment of our loss reserves.  Separate and apart from the foregoing
matters involving insurance and reinsurance coverage, AIG, our subsidiaries and
their respective officers and directors are subject to a variety of additional
types of legal proceedings brought by holders of AIG securities, customers,
employees and others, alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or
fiduciary duties, bad faith and violations of federal and state statutes and
regulations.  With respect to these other categories of matters not arising out
of claims for insurance or reinsurance coverage, we establish reserves for loss
contingencies when it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount
of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  In many instances, we are unable to
determine whether a loss is probable or to reasonably estimate the amount of
such a loss and, therefore, the potential future losses arising from legal
proceedings may exceed the amount of liabilities that we have recorded in our
financial statements covering these matters.  While such potential future
charges could be material, based on information currently known to management,
management does not believe, other than may be discussed below, that any such
charges are likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position
or results of operation. 

 Additionally,
from time to time, various regulatory and governmental agencies review the
transactions and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with
industry-wide and other inquiries into, among other matters, the business
practices of current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. We have
cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, in producing documents and other
information in response to such requests. 

 Tax Litigation.    

 We are party to
pending tax litigation before the Southern District of New York . For
additional information see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Commitments 

 We
lease office space and equipment in various locations across jurisdictions in
which the Company operates. Rent expense was $283 million,
$269 million and $331 million for the years ended December 31, 2018,
2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 The following table presents the future minimum lease payments
under operating leases at December 31, 2018: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
   $  
   
  
   249 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
 
   
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining years after 2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $  
   
  
   887 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            287 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

   


 
 Other Commitments 

 In the normal
course of business, we enter into commitments to invest in limited
partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to purchase and develop
real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments totaled $6.0 billion
at December 31, 2018. 

 Guarantees 

 Subsidiaries 

 We
have issued unconditional guarantees with respect to the prompt payment, when
due, of all present and future payment obligations and liabilities of AIGFP and
of AIG Markets arising from transactions entered into by AIG Markets.  

 In connection
with AIGFP’s business activities, AIGFP has issued, in a limited number of
transactions, standby letters of credit or similar facilities to equity
investors of structured leasing transactions in an amount equal to the
termination value owing to the equity investor by the lessee in the event of a
lessee default (the equity termination value). The total amount outstanding at
December 31, 2018 was $85 million. In those transactions, AIGFP has agreed
to pay such amount if the lessee fails to pay. The amount payable by AIGFP is,
in certain cases, partially offset by amounts payable under other instruments
typically equal to the present value of scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP.
In the event that AIGFP is required to make a payment to the equity investor,
the lessee is unconditionally obligated to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that
the equity investor is paid the equity termination value from the standby
letter of credit and/or other sources, including payments by the lessee, AIGFP
takes an assignment of the equity investor’s rights under the lease of the
underlying property. Because the obligations of the lessee under the lease
transactions are generally economically defeased, lessee bankruptcy is the most
likely circumstance in which AIGFP would be required to pay without
reimbursement. 

 AIG Parent files
a consolidated federal income tax return with certain subsidiaries and acts as
an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS). AIG Parent and its subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant
to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated federal income
taxes. Under an Amended and Restated Tax Payment Allocation Agreement dated
June 6, 2011 between AIG Parent and one of its Bermuda-domiciled insurance
subsidiaries, AIG Life of Bermuda, Ltd. (AIGB), AIG Parent has agreed to
indemnify AIGB for any tax liability (including interest and penalties)
resulting from adjustments made by the IRS or other appropriate authorities to
taxable income, special deductions or credits in connection with investments
made by AIGB in certain affiliated entities. 

 Asset Dispositions 

 We
are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection
with the completed sales of businesses pursuant to our asset disposition plan.
The various arrangements may be triggered by, among other things, declines in
asset values, the occurrence of specified business contingencies, the
realization of contingent liabilities, developments in litigation or breaches
of representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These arrangements
are typically subject to various time limitations, defined by the contract or
by operation of law, such as statutes of limitation. In some cases, the maximum
potential obligation is subject to contractual limitations, while in other
cases such limitations are not specified or are not applicable. 

 We are unable to
develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under certain of
these arrangements. Overall, we believe that it is unlikely we will have to
make any material payments related to completed sales under these arrangements,
and no material liabilities related to these arrangements have been recorded in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

 Other 

 •     
  For additional
discussion on commitments and guarantees associated with VIEs see Note 10 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 •     
  For additional
disclosures about derivatives see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

 •     
  For additional disclosures about
guarantees of outstanding debt of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH),  see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.           



 
  



 

 

 


 

 288                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 17. Equity 

 


 Shares Outstanding 

 The following table presents a rollforward of outstanding shares: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Common
  Stock 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stock
  Issued 
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (911,335,651) 
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (911,335,651) 
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,386,462 
   
  
   3,386,462 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (99,677,646) 
   
  
   (99,677,646) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (1,007,626,835) 
   
  
   899,044,657 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (1,007,626,835) 
   
  
   899,044,657 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,091,922 
   
  
   4,091,922 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (36,527,150) 
   
  
   (36,527,150) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (1,040,062,063) 
   
  
   866,609,429 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            289 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 Dividends 

 Dividends
are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if declared by our Board of
Directors in its discretion, from funds legally available for this purpose. In
considering whether to pay a dividend on or purchase shares of AIG Common
Stock, our Board of Directors considers a number of factors, including, but not
limited to: the capital resources available to support our insurance operations
and business strategies, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in
comparison to internal benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating
agency expectations for capital, regulatory standards for capital and capital
distributions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem
relevant. 

 The following table presents declaration date, record
date, payment date and dividends paid per share on AIG Common Stock:            
 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends
  Paid 
   
  
 
   
   Declaration Date 
   
  
   Record Date 
   
  
   Payment Date 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Per
  Share 
   
  
 
   
   October 31, 2018 
   
  
   December 12, 2018 
   
  
   December 26, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   August 2, 2018 
   
  
   September 17, 2018 
   
  
   September 28, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   May 2, 2018 
   
  
   June 14, 2018 
   
  
   June 28, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   February 8, 2018 
   
  
   March 15, 2018 
   
  
   March 29, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 2, 2017 
   
  
   December 8, 2017 
   
  
   December 22, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   August 2, 2017 
   
  
   September 15, 2017 
   
  
   September 29, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   May 3, 2017 
   
  
   June 14, 2017 
   
  
   June 28, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   February 14, 2017 
   
  
   March 15, 2017 
   
  
   March 29, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 2, 2016 
   
  
   December 8, 2016 
   
  
   December 22, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   August 2, 2016 
   
  
   September 15, 2016 
   
  
   September 29, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   May 2, 2016 
   
  
   June 13, 2016 
   
  
   June 27, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   February 11, 2016 
   
  
   March 14, 2016 
   
  
   March 28, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 



 Repurchase of AIG Common Stock 

 The following table presents repurchases of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of common stock 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,275 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,460 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total number of common shares repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of warrants 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total number of warrants repurchased * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    In
2017, we repurchased 185,000 warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock. 

 Our
Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock
and warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of $2.5
billion to its previous share repurchase authorization.  As of December 31,
2018, approximately $512 million remained under our share repurchase authorization.
Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private
purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic
repurchase transactions or otherwise  (including
through the purchase of warrants) . Certain of
our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be effected through
Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. 

 The timing of
any future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and
strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and
other factors. 

 
 


 

 290                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 The following table presents a rollforward of Accumulated other comprehensive
income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities
  Under 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities on 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Option 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Which
  Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
   Attributable
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   of All
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Impairments
  Were Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Own
  Credit Risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1,
  2016, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,566 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,879) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   605 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy acquisition costs  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2016, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,629) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (972) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized
  appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,062 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy acquisition costs  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and
  other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,282) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,259) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,102) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2017, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,693 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,090) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative effect of
  change in  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   accounting principles 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (576) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized
  depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,320) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,008) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy acquisition costs  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         adjustment and
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,243 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,711 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
 
   
      Change in fair value
  of liabilities under fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         option attributable
  to changes in own credit risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,975) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,293) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2018, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,725) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,413) 
   
  
 



 *   Includes
net unrealized gains attributable to businesses held for sale.  

 
  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            291 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 The following table presents the other
comprehensive income (loss) reclassification adjustments for the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities
  Under 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities on 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Option 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Which
  Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
   Attributable
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   of All
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments
  Were Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Own
  Credit Risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (344) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      before income tax
  benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (577) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  benefit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,090 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   723 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   539 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,811) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,555) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax
  benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,677) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,392) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (702) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,099) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,293) 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 292                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 The following table presents the effect of
the reclassification of significant items out of Accumulated other
comprehensive income on the respective line items in the Consolidated
Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Amount
  Reclassified  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from
  Accumulated Other  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
   Affected
  Line Item in the  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity
  securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
   463 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred acquisition costs adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
      Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior-service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total reclassifications for the year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   723 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *   These
Accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the
computation of net periodic pension cost.  See Note 21 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            293 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    18. Earnings Per Share 

   


 
 18. Earnings Per
Share (EPS) 

 


 The basic EPS computation is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to
reflect all stock dividends and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is
based on those shares used in the basic EPS computation plus shares that would
have been outstanding assuming issuance of common shares for all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding and adjusted to reflect all stock dividends
and stock splits.  

 The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted
EPS:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Numerator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
      Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,088) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (759) 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss attributable to AIG common shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
   Denominator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares outstanding — basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   898,405,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
 
   
      Dilutive shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,735,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares outstanding — diluted (a)(b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   910,141,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
 
   
      Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
 
   
      Loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
 
   
      Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
 
   
      Loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Shares
in the diluted EPS calculation represent basic shares for 2017 and 2016 due to
the net losses in those periods. The shares excluded from the calculation were
22,412,682 shares and 30,326,772 shares for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. 

 (b)  Dilutive
shares included our share-based employee compensation plans and a weighted
average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of AIG’s
recapitalization in January 2011.  The number of shares excluded from diluted
shares outstanding were 19.6 million, 1.7 million and 0.2 million
for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, because the
effect of including those shares in the calculation would have been
anti-dilutive.      



 
  



 

 

 


 

 294                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 

   


 
 19. Statutory
Financial Data and Restrictions 

 


 The following table presents statutory net income (loss) and
capital and surplus for our General Insurance companies and our Life and
Retirement companies in accordance with statutory accounting practices: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory net income (loss) (a)(b) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,326) 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,486) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,296) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   673 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (596) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory capital and surplus (a)(b) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,938 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,721 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,477 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,149 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,595 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,134 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,435 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,146 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,535 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,267 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
discontinued operations and other divested businesses. Statutory capital and
surplus and net income (loss) with respect to foreign operations are as of
November 30.  

 (b)  In
aggregate, the 2017 General Insurance companies and Life and Retirement companies
statutory net income increased by $207 million and the 2017 General Insurance companies
and Life and Retirement companies statutory capital and surplus decreased by $273
million, compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, due to finalization of
statutory filings. 

 Our
insurance subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with
statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by domestic and foreign
insurance regulatory authorities. The principal differences between statutory
financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are that statutory financial statements
do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios may be carried at amortized cost,
investment impairments are determined in accordance with statutory accounting
practices, assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance,
policyholder liabilities are generally valued using more conservative
assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 

 For domestic
insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum required statutory capital and
surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level that would trigger regulatory
action or minimum requirements per state insurance regulation. Capital and
surplus requirements of our foreign subsidiaries differ from those prescribed
in the U.S., and can vary significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2018
and 2017, all domestic and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded
the minimum required statutory capital and surplus requirements and all
domestic insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required
levels. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            295 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 

   


 
 At December 31, 2018 and 2017,
our domestic insurance subsidiaries used the following permitted practices that
resulted in reported statutory surplus or risk-based capital that is
significantly different from the statutory surplus or risk based capital that
would have been reported had NAIC statutory accounting practices or the
prescribed regulatory accounting practices of their respective state regulator
been followed in all respects: 

 •     
  In 2015, a domestic
life insurance subsidiary domiciled in Texas adopted a permitted statutory
accounting practice to report derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk on
product-related embedded derivatives at amortized cost instead of fair value.
In 2018, the permitted practice was expanded to include additional derivative
instruments utilized for the same purpose and to also include an additional
domestic life insurance subsidiary domiciled in Texas. This permitted practice
resulted in an increase in the statutory surplus of our subsidiaries of $438
million and $407 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 •     
  As described in Note
13, our domestic property and casualty insurance subsidiaries domiciled in New
York, Pennsylvania and Delaware discount non-tabular workers’ compensation
reserves based on applicable prescribed or approved regulations, or in the case
of our Delaware subsidiary, based on a permitted practice.  This practice did
not have a material impact on our statutory surplus, statutory net income
(loss) or risk-based capital. 

 The NAIC
Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX)
requires U.S. life insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term
life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life
policies with secondary guarantees (ULSGs). In addition,  NAIC  Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX)
clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including
certain ULSGs.  

 Domestic life insurance
subsidiaries manage the capital impact of  statutory
reserve requirements   under Regulation
XXX and Guideline AXXX   through unaffiliated and affiliated
reinsurance transactions. The affiliated life insurers providing reinsurance
capacity for such transactions are fully licensed insurance companies and are
not formed under captive insurance laws. One of these    affiliated    reinsurance arrangements,
under which certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to new
and in-force business were ceded to an affiliated U.S. life insurer, was
recaptured effective December 31, 2016 and these reserves were ceded to an unaffiliated
reinsurer. 

 Under the other
intercompany reinsurance arrangement, certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX
reserves related to a closed block of in-force business are ceded to an
affiliated off-shore life insurer, which is licensed as a class E insurer under
Bermuda law.  Bermuda law permits the off-shore life insurer to record an asset
that effectively reduces the statutory reserves for the assumed reinsurance to
the level that would be required under U.S. GAAP. Letters of credit are used to
support the credit for reinsurance provided by the  affiliated   off-shore life insurer.  

 For
additional information regarding these letters of credit see Note 8.     

 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 

 Payments of
dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain
restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With respect to our domestic
insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend requires formal notice to
the insurance department in which the particular insurance subsidiary is
domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the Superintendent of Financial
Services, property casualty companies domiciled in New York generally may not
pay dividends to shareholders that, in any 12‑month period, exceed the
lesser of 10 percent of such company’s statutory policyholders’ surplus or
100 percent of its “adjusted net investment income,” for the previous
year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions applicable to both
property casualty and life insurance companies exist in most of the other
states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under the laws of
many states, an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval of the
insurance regulator when the amount of the dividend is below certain regulatory
thresholds. Other foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of our foreign
insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory restrictions
also limit cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 

 Largely as a
result of these restrictions, approximately $41.6 billion of the statutory
capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance subsidiaries were  restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior
approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2018.  

 To our knowledge,
no AIG insurance company is currently on any regulatory or similar “watch list”
with regard to solvency. 


 


 

 296                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 

   


 
 Parent Company
Dividend Restrictions 

 At December 31,
2018, our ability to pay dividends is not subject to any significant
contractual restrictions, but remains subject to regulatory restrictions.  

 For
additional information about our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders
see Note 17 herein. 



 
  



 

 20. Share-Based Compensation Plans  

 


 The following table presents our total share‑based compensation
expense: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - pre-tax (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   337 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - after tax (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 



 (a)  We
recognized $48 million, $141 million and $105 million for immediately vested
stock-settled awards issued to retirement eligible employees in 2018, 2017 and
2016, on their respective grant dates. It is our policy to reverse compensation
expense for forfeited awards when they occur. 

 (b)  We
also recognized $9 million of excess tax benefits due to share settlements
occurring in 2018. 

 Employee Plans 

 The Company
sponsors several stock compensation programs under the AIG Long Term Incentive
Plan and its predecessor plan, the AIG 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (each as
applicable, the LTIP), which are governed by the AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive
Plan (Omnibus Plan). Our share-settled awards are settled with previously
acquired shares held in AIG’s treasury.  

 AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 The
Omnibus Plan, which replaced the AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (2010 Plan), was
adopted at the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and provides for the grants
of share-based awards to our employees and non-employee directors.  The total
number of shares that may be granted under the Omnibus Plan (the reserve) is
the sum of 1) 45 million shares of AIG Common Stock, plus 2) the number of
authorized shares that remained available for issuance under the 2010 Plan when
the Omnibus Plan became effective, plus 3) the number of shares of AIG Common
Stock relating to outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan at the time the
Omnibus Plan became effective that subsequently are forfeited, expired,
terminated or otherwise lapse or are settled in cash.  Each share-based unit
granted under the Omnibus Plan reduces the number of shares available for
future grants by one share.  However, shares with respect to awards that are
forfeited, expired or settled for cash, and shares withheld for taxes on awards
(other than options and stock appreciation rights awards) are returned to the
reserve.   

 During  2018 , performance  share units (PSUs), restricted stock units (RSUs), stock
options and deferred stock units (DSUs) (collectively, units) were granted
under the Omnibus Plan and  37,211,710 shares are available for future grants
as of December 31, 2018.  Units are issued to employees as part of our
long-term incentive program, generally in March of any given year, and are also
issued for off-cycle grants, which are made from time to time during the year
generally as sign-on awards to new hires or as a result of a change in employee
status. 

 AIG Long Term Incentive Plan 

 LTI Awards 

 The
LTIP provides for an annual award to certain employees, including our senior
executive officers and other highly compensated employees that may be comprised
of PSUs, RSUs and/or stock options. 

 The
number of PSUs issued on the grant date (the target) provides the opportunity for
the LTIP participant to receive shares of AIG Common Stock based on AIG
achieving specified performance goals at the end of a three-year performance
period.  These performance goals are pre-established by AIG’s Compensation and
Management Resources Committee (CMRC) for each annual grant and may differ from
year to year. The actual number of PSUs earned can vary from zero to 200
percent of the target for the 2017 and 2018 awards or zero to 150 percent of
the target for the 2014 through 2016 awards, depending on AIG’s performance
relative to a specified peer group or against pre-established financial goals,
as applicable. 

 RSUs
and stock options are earned based solely on continued service by the
participant.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            297 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based Compensation Plans 

   


 
 Vesting occurs on January 1 of the year immediately
following the end of the three-year performance period. For awards granted
prior to 2017, vesting occurs in three equal installments beginning on January
1 of the year immediately following the end of a performance period and January
1 of each of the next two years.  Recipients must be employed at each vesting
date to be entitled to share delivery, except upon the occurrence of an
accelerated vesting event, such as an involuntary termination without cause,
disability, retirement eligibility or death during the vesting period.   

 LTI awards
granted in 2015 and thereafter accrue dividend equivalent units (DEUs) in the
form of additional PSUs and/or RSUs whenever a cash dividend is declared on
shares of AIG Common Stock; the DEUs are subject to the same vesting terms and
conditions as the underlying unit.   

 Unit Valuation 

 The
fair value of time-vesting RSUs as well as PSUs that are earned based on
certain company-specific metrics was based on the closing price of AIG Common
Stock on the grant date; while the fair value of PSUs that are earned based on
AIG’s relative total shareholder return (TSR) was determined on the grant date
using a Monte Carlo simulation. 

 The following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of PSUs that vest based on AIG’s TSR: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected dividend yield (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.37 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17.58 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   24.55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by
Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date. 

 (b)   The expected volatility is based on the historical
volatility of the stock price for the 360 most recent trading days prior to the
valuation date estimated by Bloomberg Professional service .  

 (c)  The
risk-free interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the
term between the valuation date and the end of the performance period that is
assumed to be constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest
data points on the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date . 

 Modification of LTI awards 

 During
the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company modified the LTI awards by issuing
time-vesting RSUs and canceling some performance based units. The modification
applied to most recipients who participate in the 2015, 2016 and 2017 LTI
awards, excluding the Company’s senior executives. The newly granted RSUs vest
in installments over a period of up to three years. We incurred incremental
compensation expense of $142 million as a result of these actions. We
recognized $71 million in 2017, $48 million in 2018 and the remainder will be
recognized through December 2020. 

 The following table summarizes outstanding share - settled LTI awards (a) : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
   Number
  of Units 
   
  
     
   
  
    Grant-Date
  Fair Value  
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2018 (b) 
   
  
   2018
  LTI 
   
  
   2017
  LTI 
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018
  LTI 
   
  
   2017
  LTI 
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,173,115 
   
  
   1,467,745 
   
  
   1,291,788 
   
  
   823,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.90 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.81 
   
  
 
   
   Granted 
   
  
   4,640,722 
   
  
   43,792 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.47 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.52 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Vested (c) 
   
  
   (1,205,653) 
   
  
   (530,388) 
   
  
   (728,576) 
   
  
   (266,184) 
   
  
   (793,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.67 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.81 
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited 
   
  
   (113,041) 
   
  
   (106,524) 
   
  
   (98,509) 
   
  
   (753,272) 
   
  
   (29,356) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.46 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.84 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year (d) 
   
  
   3,322,028 
   
  
   1,579,995 
   
  
   640,660 
   
  
   272,332 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61.55 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
stock options and DSUs, which are discussed under Stock Options and
Non-Employee Plan, respectively. 

 (b)  Except
for the 2014 LTI and 2015 LTI awards, PSUs represent target amount granted, and
does not reflect potential increases or decreases that could result from the
final outcome of the performance goals for the respective awards, which is
determined in the quarter after the applicable performance period ends.  

 (c)  Also
reflects units that vest as a result of an accelerated vesting event that
occurred prior to the specified vesting date. 

 (d)  At
December 31, 2018, the total unrecognized compensation cost for outstanding
RSUs and PSUs was $215 million and the weighted-average and expected
period of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized are 0.96 year
and 2 years.    

 
 


 

 298                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based Compensation Plans 

   


 
 Stock Options 

 Stock options were
issued in 2018 as part of the 2018 LTI awards and in 2017 and 2018 to certain
newly hired senior executives. The fair value of the options was estimated on
the grant date using the Black-Scholes model for the time-vesting options, and a
Monte Carlo simulation for the hurdle-vesting options using the assumptions
noted in the following table. 

 The following weighted-average assumptions were used for stock options granted : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected annual dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   2.32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   23.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   20.96 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   2.83 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected term (d) 
   
  
   4.50 -
  6.47 
   
  
   years 
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
   years 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by
Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date.  

 (b)  The
expected volatility is based on the implied volatility of 24 months stock
option estimated by the Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation
date. 

 (c)  The
risk-free interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the
term between the valuation date and the expiration date that is assumed to be
constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closet data points on
the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date. 

 (d)  The
contractual terms are 7 and 10 years. 

 The following table provides a rollforward of stock option
activity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Aggregate 
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
     
   
  
   Remaining 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Intrinsic
  Values 
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Units 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise
  Price 
   
  
   Contractual
  Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding, beginning of year 
   
  
   2,500,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.90 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Granted 
   
  
   2,752,098 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.38 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercised 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited or expired 
   
  
   (46,299) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding, end of year 
   
  
   5,205,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.99 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable, end of year 
   
  
   486,229 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.90 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



   

 The weighted
average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during 2018 was $11.08. 
As of December 31, 2018, we recognized $26.4 million of expense, while $24
million was unrecognized and is expected to be amortized up to 2.75 years.  

 Other RSU Grants 

 We granted
1,385,929 off-cycle time-vesting RSUs in 2018 primarily pertaining to
replacement awards granted to Validus employees. We recognized $43.3 million of
expense related to these RSU grants in 2018. Total unrecognized compensation
cost related to these grants was $57 million and the weighted-average and
expected period of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized are 1.14
years and 4.25 years at December 31, 2018. 

 Non-Employee Plan 

 Our non-employee
directors, who serve on our Board of Directors, receive share-based
compensation in the form of fully vested DSUs with delivery deferred until
retirement from the Board. DSUs granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 accrue DEUs
equal to the amount of any regular quarterly dividend that would have been paid
by AIG if the shares of AIG Common Stock underlying the DSUs had been
outstanding. In 2018, 2017 and 2016, we granted to non-employee directors
39,092, 32,067 and 41,974 DSUs, respectively, under the 2013 Plan, and
recognized expense of $2.1 million, $2.0 million and $2.4 million,
respectively. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            299 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 21. Employee
Benefits  

 


 Pension Plans 

 We offer various
defined benefit plans to eligible employees. 

 The U.S. AIG
Retirement Plan (the qualified plan) is a noncontributory defined benefit plan
that is subject to the provisions of ERISA. U.S. salaried employees who are
employed by a participating company on or before December 1, 2014 and who have
completed 12 months of continuous service are eligible to participate in
the plan. Effective April 1, 2012, the qualified plan was converted to a cash
balance formula comprised of pay credits based on six percent of a plan
participant’s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and annual
interest credits. Employees can take their vested benefits when they leave AIG
as a lump sum or an annuity option after completing at least three years of
service.  Employees satisfying certain age and service requirements (i.e.,
grandfathered employees) remain covered under the average pay formula that was
in effect prior to the conversion to the cash balance formula.  The final
average pay formula is based upon a percentage of final average compensation
multiplied by years of credited service, up to 44 years.  Grandfathered
employees will receive the higher of the benefit under the cash balance formula
or the final average pay formula at retirement.  Non-U.S. defined benefit plans
generally are either based on the employee’s years of credited service and
compensation in the years preceding retirement or on points accumulated based
on the employee’s job grade and other factors during each year of service. 

 In the U.S. we
also sponsor non-qualified unfunded defined benefit plans, such as the AIG
Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (AIG NQRIP) for certain employees,
including key executives, designed to supplement pension benefits provided by
the qualified plan.  The AIG NQRIP provides a benefit equal to the
reduction in benefits under the qualified plan as a result of federal tax
limitations on compensation and benefits payable.  

 Plan Freeze 

 Effective
January 1, 2016, the U.S. defined benefit pension plans were frozen.
Consequently, these plans are closed to new participants and current
participants no longer earn benefits. However, interest credits continue to
accrue on the existing cash balance accounts and participants are continuing to
accrue years of service for purposes of vesting and early retirement
eligibility and subsidies as they continue to be employed by AIG. 

 Postretirement Plans 

 We also provide
postretirement medical care and life insurance benefits in the U.S. and in
certain non-U.S. countries. Eligibility in the various plans generally is based
upon completion of a specified period of eligible service and attaining a
specified age. Overseas, benefits vary by geographic location. 

 U.S.
postretirement medical and life insurance benefits are based upon the employee
attaining the age of 55 and having a minimum of ten years of service. Eligible
employees who have medical coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon
termination of employment. Medical benefits are contributory, while the life
insurance benefits generally are non-contributory. Retiree medical
contributions vary from none for pre-1989 retirees to actual premium payments
reduced by certain subsidies for post-1992 retirees. These contributions are
subject to adjustment annually. Other cost sharing features of the medical plan
include deductibles, coinsurance and Medicare coordination. Effective
April 1, 2012, the retiree medical employer subsidy for the AIG
postretirement plan was eliminated for employees who were not grandfathered.  
Additionally, new employees hired after December 31, 2012 are not eligible for
retiree life insurance. 


 


 

 300                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 The following
table presents the funded status of the plans reconciled to the amount reported
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The measurement date for most of the
non-U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement plans is November 30,
consistent with the fiscal year end of the sponsoring companies. For all other plans,
measurement occurs as of December 31. 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Benefit obligation, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   (383) 
   
  
     
   
  
   372 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (306) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Plan amendment 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,138 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fair value of plan assets, beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   875 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Actual return on plan assets, net of expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (306) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,840 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   861 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   875 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Funded status, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (327) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recognized in the balance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (395) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (327) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax amounts recognized in Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,450) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,373) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service (cost) credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,450) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,373) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
non-qualified unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit
obligation was $250 million and $272 million for the U.S. at December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively, and $201 million and $211 million for the non-U.S
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

 The following table presents the accumulated benefit obligations
for U.S. and non-U.S. pension benefit plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            301 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Defined benefit plan obligations in which the
projected benefit obligation was in excess of the related plan assets and the
accumulated benefit obligation was in excess of the related plan assets were as
follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   PBO
  Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
   ABO
  Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   991 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   932 
   
  
     
   
  
   979 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   932 
   
  
     
   
  
   979 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit cost
with respect to pensions and other postretirement benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Components of net periodic benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   cost: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Service cost * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Expected return on assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (283) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of net (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Curtailment gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Settlement charges 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net benefit cost (credit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (101) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   cost and other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 



 *   Reflects
administrative fees for the U.S. pension plans. 

 The
estimated net loss and prior service cost that will be amortized from
Accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the
next fiscal year are $38 million and $2 million, respectively, for
our combined defined benefit pension plans. For the defined benefit
postretirement plans, the estimated amortization from Accumulated other
comprehensive income for net gain and prior service credit that will be
amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is a $3 million
credit in the aggregate. 

 As of 2016,
interest cost for pension and postretirement benefits for our U.S. plans and
largest non-U.S. plans is measured by applying the specific spot rates along
the yield curve to the plans’ corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise
the obligation (the Spot Rate Approach). This method provides a more precise
measurement of interest cost by aligning the timing of the plans’ discounted
cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve .     Previously, interest cost was measured utilizing a single
weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the
benefit obligations. 

 A 100 basis
point increase in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
decrease the 2018 pension expense by approximately $5 million and $45 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same. Conversely, a 100 basis
point decrease in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
increase the 2018 pension expense by approximately $24 million and $45 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same.    


 


 

 302                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Assumptions 

 The following table summarizes the weighted average assumptions
used to determine the benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   3.61 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 (b)  Compensation
increases are no longer applicable due to the plan freeze that became effective
January 1, 2016. 

 The following table summarizes assumed health care cost trend
rates for the U.S. plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Following year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   5.93% 
   
  
   6.12% 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   5.00% 
   
  
   5.00% 
   
  
 
   
   Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
 
   
   Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
 



 A one percent point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate
would have the following effect on our postretirement benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   One
  Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
   One
  Percent 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   Increase
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Decrease
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 



 Our
postretirement plans provide benefits primarily in the form of defined employer
contributions rather than defined employer benefits. Changes in the assumed
healthcare cost trend rate have a minimal impact for U.S. plans because for
post-1992 retirees, benefits are fixed dollar amounts based on service at
retirement. Our non-U.S. postretirement plans are not subject to caps. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            303 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 The following
table presents the weighted average assumptions used to determine the net
periodic benefit costs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.61 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   6.75 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.15 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.01 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.95 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.92 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.09 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 Discount Rate Methodology 

 The
projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan were discounted
using the spot rates derived from the Mercer U.S. Pension Discount Yield Curve
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, which resulted in a single discount rate that
would produce the same liability at the respective measurement dates. The
discount rates were 4.22 percent at December 31, 2018 and 3.61 percent at
December 31, 2017. The methodology was consistently applied for the respective
years in determining the discount rates for the other U.S. pension plans. 

 In general, the
discount rates for the non-U.S. plans were developed using a similar
methodology to the U.S. AIG Retirement plan, by using country-specific Mercer
Yield Curves. 

 The projected
benefit obligation for AIG’s Japan pension plans represents approximately 52
percent and 50 percent of the total projected benefit obligations for our
non-U.S. pension plans at  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. The weighted average discount rate of 0.72
percent and 0.66 percent at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, was
selected by reference to the Mercer Yield Curve for Japan. 

 Plan Assets 

 The
investment strategy with respect to assets relating to our U.S. and non-U.S.
pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns that will provide
for the benefit obligations of the plans over the long term, limit the
risk of short-term funding shortfalls and maintain liquidity sufficient to
address cash needs. Accordingly, the asset allocation strategy is designed to
maximize the investment rate of return while managing various risk factors,
including, but not limited to, volatility relative to the benefit obligations,
liquidity, diversification and concentration, and incorporates the risk/return
profile applicable to each asset class.   

 There were no
shares of AIG Common Stock included in the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans
assets at December 31, 2018 or 2017. 


 


 

 304                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 U.S. Pension
Plan 

 The
assets of the qualified plan are monitored by the AIG U.S. Investment Committee
and actively managed by the investment managers, which involves allocating the
plan’s assets among approved asset classes within ranges as permitted by the
strategic allocation. The long-term strategic asset allocation historically has
been reviewed and revised approximately every three years. The investment
strategy is focused on de-risking the Plan via regular monitoring through
liability driven investing and the glide path approach, where the glide path defines
the target allocation for the “Return-Seeking” portion of the portfolio (i.e.,
growth assets) based on the funded ratio. Under this approach, the allocation
to growth assets is reduced and the allocation to liability-hedging assets is
increased as the Plan’s funded ratio increases in accordance with the defined
glide path. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation percentage by
major asset class for the U.S. qualified plan and the target allocation for
2019 based on the plan’s funded status at December 31,  2018 : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   47 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The expected
long-term rate of return for the plan was 6.75 percent and 7.0 percent for 2018
and 2017, respectively. The expected rate of return is an aggregation of
expected returns within each asset class category, weighted for the investment
mix of the assets. The combination of the expected asset return and any
contributions made by us are expected to maintain the plan’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. The expected asset return for each asset
class was developed based on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers
of the asset class returns in addition to historical returns, current market conditions,
asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 

 The
assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various trusts in multiple
countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed maturity securities
to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given level of risk. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation percentage by
major asset class for non-U.S. pension plans and the target allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The assets
of AIG’s Japan pension plans represent approximately 59 percent and 56 percent
of total non-U.S. assets at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The
expected long term rate of return was 2.22 percent and 2.43 percent, for 2018
and 2017, respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment
Committee on a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment
managers, and is revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted
funding levels if necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in
accordance with local regulation every five years. 

 The expected
weighted average long-term rate of return for all our non-U.S. pension plans
was 2.78 percent and 2.92 percent for the years ended December 31, 2018
and 2017, respectively. It is an aggregation of expected returns within each
asset class that was generally developed based on the building block approach
that considers historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility
and the expectations for future market returns.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            305 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value    

 The following table presents information about our plan assets and
indicates the level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of
the inputs used.  The inputs and methodology used in determining the fair value
of these assets are consistent with those used to measure our assets as
discussed in Note 5 herein. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At
  December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   905 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,770 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   401 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,006 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,584 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   874 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
passive and active U.S. equity strategies. 

 (b)  Includes
passive and active international equity strategies. 

 (c)  Includes
investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government issued bonds, U.S. government
agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment grade corporate bonds. 

 (d)  Consists
primarily of investments in securities or debt obligations that have a rating
below investment grade. 

 (e)  Represents
investments in collateralized loan obligations. As of December 31, 2017, the
plan held additional asset-backed securities. 

 (f)  Comprised
of private capital financing including private debt and private equity
securities. 

 (g)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $1,138 million and $777 million at December 31, 2018
and 2017, respectively. 

 The
inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on
our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at
December 31, 2018. 

 The U.S. pension
plan holds a group annuity contract with U.S. Life, one of our subsidiaries,
which totaled $18 million and $20 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. 


 


 

 306                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

 The following table presents changes in our U.S. and non-U.S.
Level 3 plan assets measured at fair value: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets  

 Our
policy is to record transfers of assets between Level 1 and Level 2
at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with
the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are transferred out of
Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with sufficient frequency and
volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are transferred from
Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and frequency are
indicative of an active market. We had no material transfers between Level 1
and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 We
record transfers of assets into or out of Level 3 at their fair values as of
the end of each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination
of fair value.  During the year ended December 31, 2018, we had no material
transfers in or out of Level 3. 

 Expected Cash Flows 

 Funding for the qualified
plan ranges from the minimum amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount
that would be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess
of the minimum amounts are deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum
amount would be subject to an excise tax and may not be deductible under the
Internal Revenue Code. There are no minimum required cash contributions in 2018
for the AIG Retirement Plan. The non-qualified and postretirement plans’ benefit
payments are deductible when paid to participants. 

 Our annual
pension contribution in 2019 is expected to be approximately $79 million
for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. This estimate is subject to change,
since contribution decisions are affected by various factors including our
liquidity, market performance and management’s discretion. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            307 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 The expected future benefit payments, net of
participants’ contributions, with respect to the defined benefit pension plans
and other postretirement benefit plans, are as follows: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2024-2028 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 



 Defined Contribution Plans 

 We
sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S. employees that provide for
pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees. The most significant plan
is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the matching contribution is 100
percent of the first six percent of a participant’s contributions, subject to
the IRS-imposed limitations. Effective January 1, 2016, participants in the AIG
Incentive Savings Plan receive an additional fully vested, non-elective,
non-discretionary contribution equal to three percent of the participant’s
annual base compensation for the plan year, paid each pay period regardless of
whether the participant currently contributes to the plan, and subject to the
IRS-imposed limitations. Our pre-tax expenses associated with these plans were
$210 million, $209 million and $236 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.        



 
  



 

 22. Ownership 

 


 A Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2019 reports
aggregate ownership of 47,237,956 shares, or approximately 5.5 percent (based
on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31,
2018, by Capital Research Global Investors, a division of Capital Research and
Management Company. 

 A Schedule 13G/A
filed on February 11, 2019 reports aggregate ownership of 67,664,554 shares, or
approximately 7.8 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2018, by The Vanguard Group, Inc. and various
subsidiaries thereof.   

 A Schedule 13G/A
filed on February 11, 2019 reports aggregate ownership of 64,768,700 shares, or
approximately 7.5 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2018, by Blackrock, Inc. and various
subsidiaries thereof.   

 The calculation
of ownership interest for purposes of the AIG Tax Asset Protection Plan and
Article 13 of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation is different than
beneficial ownership for Schedule 13G. 



 
  



 

 23. Income Taxes 

 


 U.S. Tax Reform Overview 

 On December 22,
2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97, known informally as the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act reduced the statutory rate of U.S. federal
corporate income tax to 21 percent and enacted numerous other changes impacting
AIG and the insurance industry.   


 


 

 308                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 During December 2017, the SEC
staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (SAB 118), which provided guidance
on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 addressed situations
where accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740
may be incomplete upon issuance of an entity’s financial statements and
provides a one-year measurement period from the enactment date to complete the
accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, a company was required to
reflect the following: 

 •     
  Income tax effects of
those aspects of the Tax Act for which accounting under ASC 740 is complete 

 •     
  Provisional estimate of
income tax effects of the Tax Act to the extent accounting is incomplete but a
reasonable estimate is determinable    

 •     
  If a provisional
estimate cannot be determined, ASC 740 should still be applied on the basis of
tax law provisions that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the
Tax Act. 

 At
December 31, 2017, we originally recorded a provisional estimate of income tax
effects of the Tax Act of $6.7 billion, including a tax charge of $6.7 billion
attributable to the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate and tax
benefit of $38 million related to the deemed repatriation tax. Our provisional
estimate of $6.7 billion was based in part on a reasonable estimate of the
effects of the statutory income tax rate reduction on existing deferred tax
balances and of certain provisions of the Tax Act. We filed our 2017
consolidated U.S. income tax return and have completed our review of the
primary impact of the Tax Act provisions on our deferred taxes. As a result, we
consider the accounting for the effects of the rate change on deferred tax
balances to be complete and no material measurement period changes were
recorded for this item. As further guidance is issued by the U.S. tax
authority, any resulting changes in our estimates will be treated in accordance
with the relevant accounting guidance. 

 The Tax Act
includes provisions for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which
taxes on foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on
tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries and for Base Erosion and
Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under which taxes are imposed on certain base eroding
payments to affiliated foreign companies. There are substantial uncertainties
in the interpretation of BEAT and GILTI and while certain formal guidance was
issued by the U.S. tax authority, there are still aspects of the Tax Act that
remain unclear and additional guidance is expected in 2019. Such guidance may
result in changes to the interpretations and assumptions we made and actions we
may take, which may impact amounts recorded with respect to international
provisions of the Tax Act, possibly materially. Consistent with accounting
guidance, we treat BEAT as a period tax charge in the period the tax is
incurred and have made an accounting policy election to treat GILTI taxes in a
similar manner.   

 Tax effects for which a reasonable estimate can be determined   

 Deemed Repatriation Tax 

 The
Tax Act requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax, net of tax
credits, related to applicable foreign taxes paid, on previously untaxed
current and accumulated earnings and profits of certain of our foreign
subsidiaries.  We were able to reasonably estimate the deemed repatriation tax
and originally recorded a provisional estimated tax benefit of $38 million at
December 31, 2017. We have completed our review of post-1986 earnings and
profits of our foreign affiliates. Incorporating additional IRS guidance issued
with respect to the deemed repatriation tax, as well as the relevant basis
adjustments, we recognized a measurement period tax charge of $62 million. The
effect of the deemed repatriation tax, which has been determined to be
complete, resulted in a liability of $24 million.  

 Other Provisions 

   

 The Tax Act
modified computations of insurance reserves for both life and general insurance
companies.  For life insurance companies, tax reserves are now computed with
reference to NAIC reserves.  For general insurance companies, the Tax Act
extends the discount period for certain long-tail lines of business from 10
years to 24 years and increases the discount rate, replacing the applicable
federal rate for a higher-yield corporate bond rate, and eliminates the
election allowing companies to use their historical loss payment patterns for
loss reserve discounting.  Adjustments related to the differences in insurance
reserves balances computed under the old tax law versus the Tax Act have to be
taken into income over eight years by both life and general insurance
companies.  Accordingly, these changes give rise to new deferred tax
liabilities.  At December 31, 2017, we recorded a provisional estimate of $1.9
billion with respect to such deferred tax liabilities. This increase in
deferred tax liabilities was offset by an increase in the deferred tax asset
related to insurance reserves as a result of applying the new provisions of the
Tax Act.  

 As of  December 31, 2018 , we have
completed our review of the tax reserve computations for both life and general insurance
companies, and recorded offsetting decreases of $1.4 billion to both our
deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets.  


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            309 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 Provisions Impacting Projections of Taxable
Income and Valuation Allowance Considerations  

 During 2018,
we completed our review of the impact of the Tax Act on our forecasts of
taxable income, made certain assumptions related to interpretation of relevant
new rules, and incorporated guidance issued by the U.S. tax authority.  While
the prescribed SAB 118 measurement period has ended, there are still certain
aspects of the Tax Act that remain unclear, including the complex interplay of
the new tax rules with the rules governing the utilization of our tax
attributes, and formal guidance from the U.S. tax authority is still pending.
We will continue to review the impact of any additional guidance issued by the
U.S. tax authority on our valuation allowance analysis in accordance with the
relevant accounting guidance. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2018, we consider
the determination of the need for a valuation allowance related to the Tax Act
to be complete based on our analysis of existing tax law and relevant tax
guidance, and no measurement period adjustment was recorded.  

 Tax effects for which no estimate can be determined 

 At December 31,
2017, our accounting for the following elements of the Tax Act was incomplete
and we continued accounting for them in accordance with ASC 740 on the
basis of the tax laws in effect before enactment of the Tax Act.  

 The Tax Act may
affect the results in certain investments and partnerships in which we are a
non-controlling interest owner. At December 31, 2017, the information needed to
determine a provisional estimate was not available (such as for interest
deduction limitations in those entities and the changed definition of a U.S.
Shareholder), and accordingly, no provisional estimates were recorded. We have
since completed our review of these investments and partnerships. We consider
the accounting for this item to be complete and no measurement period change
was recorded. 

 At December 31,
2017, due to minimal formal guidance issued by state and local jurisdictions,
provisional estimates were not recorded for the impact of any state and local
corporate income tax implications of the Tax Act.  Guidance from state and
local jurisdictions has varied and most have not formally passed law specific
to the treatment of the Tax Act. While we have not identified any material
impact at this point in time, we continue to review any guidance issued by
those states that have passed tax legislation related to the Tax Act and
continue to work through the state and local corporate income tax implications
of the Tax Act. We expect further guidance throughout 2019, and the impact, if
any, will be recorded when the related guidance is issued.  We consider the accounting for this item to be complete and
no measurement period adjustment was recorded.               

 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income 

 In February
2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard that allows the optional
reclassification of stranded tax effects within Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (AOCI) that arise due to the enactment of the Tax Act to retained
earnings. We elected to early adopt the standard for the three-month period
ended March 31, 2018. As a result of adopting this standard, we
reclassified $248 million from AOCI to retained earnings. The amount
reclassified includes stranded effects related to the change in the U.S.
federal corporate income tax rate on the gross temporary differences and
related valuation allowances. 

 We use an
item-by-item approach to release the stranded or disproportionate income tax
effects in AOCI related to our available-for-sale securities. Under this
approach, a portion of the disproportionate tax effects is assigned to each
individual security lot at the date the amount becomes lodged.  When the
individual securities are sold, mature, or are otherwise impaired on an
other-than-temporary basis, the assigned portion of the disproportionate tax
effect is reclassified from AOCI to income from continuing operations. 

 U.S. Tax Reform – SAB 118 Measurement Period Completion 

 As of
December 31, 2018, we have completed our accounting for the tax effects of the
Tax Act.  Although the prescribed measurement period has ended, there are
aspects of the Tax Act that remain unclear and additional guidance from the
U.S. tax authority is pending. As further guidance is issued by the U.S. tax
authority, any resulting changes in our estimates will be treated in accordance
with the relevant accounting guidance.  

 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE 

 The following table presents income (loss)
from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) by U.S. and
foreign location in which such pre-tax income (loss) was earned or incurred:   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,940 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   (474) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,115) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 310                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the income tax
expense (benefit) attributable to pre-tax income (loss) from continuing
operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign and U.S. components of actual income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S.: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   140 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
 



 Our actual income tax (benefit) expense differs from the statutory U.S.
federal amount computed by applying the federal income tax rate due to the
following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. federal income tax at statutory 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   rate 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax exempt interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   660 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   (168.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reclassifications from accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions of Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax Attribute Restoration 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-controlling Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deductible transfer pricing  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of foreign operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   payments excess tax deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   453.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Global intangible low-taxed income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated total amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   76.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   510.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   513.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            311 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 For
the year ended December 31, 2018, the effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations was 59.9 percent. The effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 21 percent primarily
due to a $62 million measurement period adjustment related to the deemed
repatriation tax, $48 million net charge primarily related to the accrual of
IRS interest (including interest related to uncertain tax positions), $44 million
associated with the effect of foreign operations, $29 million of non-deductible
transfer pricing charges, $21 million of additional U.S. taxes imposed on
income of our foreign subsidiaries under international provisions of the Tax
Act, and $21 million of valuation allowance activity related to certain foreign
subsidiaries and state jurisdictions, partially offset by tax benefits of $75
million associated with tax exempt income, and $72 million of reclassifications
from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing
operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities. Effect of
foreign operations is primarily related to income and losses in our foreign
operations taxed at statutory tax rates different than 21 percent and foreign
income subject to U.S. taxation. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2017, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate differs from the 2017
statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax charges of $6.7 billion
associated with the enactment of the Tax Act discussed above, $660 million of
tax charges and related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax
positions primarily related to cross border financing transactions and other
open tax issues, $69 million associated with the effect of foreign operations,  and  $35  million of non-deductible transfer pricing charges,  partially offset by tax benefits of $201 million of tax
exempt income, $184 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities, and $40 million of  excess tax deductions related to share based compensation
payments recorded through the income statement in accordance with relevant
accounting literature.  Effect of foreign
operations is primarily related to losses incurred in our European operations
taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent and other foreign taxes.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax charges of $234 million associated with effect of foreign operations, $216
million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases in
uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, $118
million related to disposition of subsidiaries, $102 million related to
non-deductible transfer pricing charges, and $83 million related to increases
in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated with U.S. federal and
certain foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by tax benefits of $253 million
of tax exempt income, $164 million associated with a portion of the U.S. Life Insurance
companies capital loss carryforwards previously treated as expired that was
restored and utilized, $116 million related to the impact of an agreement
reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to certain tax issues
under audit, and $132 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities. Effect of foreign operations is
primarily related to foreign exchange losses incurred by our foreign
subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British pound following the Brexit
vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent. 

 As a
result of the Tax Act, the majority of accumulated foreign earnings that were
previously untaxed were subject to a one-time deemed repatriation tax. Going
forward, certain foreign earnings of our foreign affiliates will be exempt from
U.S. tax upon repatriation. Notwithstanding the changes, U.S. tax on foreign
exchange gain or loss and certain non-U.S. withholding taxes will continue to
be applicable upon future repatriations of foreign earnings.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2018, we consider our foreign earnings with respect to
certain operations in Canada, South Africa, the Far East, Latin America,
Bermuda as well as the European, Asia Pacific and Middle East regions to be
indefinitely reinvested. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and have
been reinvested in active business operations. While, following the enactment
of the Tax Act, distributions from foreign affiliates are, generally, not
subject to U.S. income tax, such distributions may be subject to non-U.S.
withholding taxes. A deferred tax liability of approximately $100 million to $150
million related to such withholding taxes has not been recorded for those
foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are considered to be indefinitely
reinvested. Deferred taxes, if necessary, have been provided on earnings of
non-U.S. affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested.          

 
 


 

 312                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the components
of the net deferred tax assets (liabilities): 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Losses and tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,792 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,931 
   
  
 
   
      Basis differences on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
 
   
      Life policy reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,996 
   
  
 
   
      Accruals not currently deductible, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   526 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premium reserve reduction 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed assets and intangible assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
 
   
      Employee benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,651 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,313) 
   
  
 
   
      Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (490) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,151) 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,852) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,464) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,187 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,813 
   
  
 



 The following table presents our U.S. consolidated income tax group tax
losses and credits carryforwards as of December 31, 2018. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effected 
   
  
     
   
  
   Periods 
   
  
 
   
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   2028
  - 2037 
   
  
 
   
   Capital loss carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019
  - 2023 
   
  
 
   
   Other carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   814 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
  credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a tax return basis 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,963 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrecognized tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,733) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
  credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a U.S. GAAP basis * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,230 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    Includes
other carryforwards, i.e. general business credits of $30 million and
refundable Alternative Minimum Tax Credits of $39 million on a U.S. GAAP basis. 

 We
have U.S. federal consolidated net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $10.2 billion. The carryforward periods for our foreign tax
credits begin to expire in 2019. As detailed in the Assessment of Deferred Tax
Asset Valuation Allowance section of this footnote, we determined that it is
more likely than not that our U.S. federal consolidated tax attribute
carryforwards will be realized prior to their expiration. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            313 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation
Allowance 

 The
evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a
valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to
reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of
the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence
is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The
more negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and
the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is
not needed. 

 Our framework for assessing the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset requires us to consider all available evidence, including: 

 •     
  the nature, frequency,
and amount of cumulative financial reporting income and losses in recent years; 

 •     
  the sustainability of
recent operating profitability of our subsidiaries; 

 •     
  the predictability of
future operating profitability of the character necessary to realize the net
deferred tax asset; 

 •     
  the carryforward period
for the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards,
including the effect of reversing taxable temporary differences; and 

 •     
  prudent and feasible
actions and tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if necessary, to
protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset. 

 In
performing our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred tax asset under
this framework, we consider tax laws governing the utilization of the net
operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards in each
applicable jurisdiction.  Under U.S. tax law, a company generally must use
its net operating loss carryforwards before it can use its foreign tax credit
carryforwards, even though the carryforward period for the foreign tax credit
is shorter than for the net operating loss.  Our U.S. federal consolidated
income tax group includes both life companies and non-life companies.  While
the U.S. taxable income of our non-life companies can be offset by our net
operating loss carryforwards, only a portion (no more than 35 percent) of the
U.S. taxable income of our life companies can be offset by those net operating
loss carryforwards.  The remaining tax liability of our life companies can
be offset by the foreign tax credit carryforwards.  Accordingly, we
utilize both the net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards
concurrently which enables us to realize our tax attributes prior to
expiration. As of December 31, 2018, based on all available evidence, it is
more likely than not that the U.S. net operating loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards will be utilized prior to expiration and, thus, no valuation
allowance has been established. 

 Estimates of
future taxable income, including income generated from prudent and feasible
actions and tax planning strategies and any changes to interpretations and
assumptions related to the impact of the Tax Act could change in the near term,
perhaps materially, which may require us to consider any potential impact to
our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred tax asset. Such potential
impact could be material to our consolidated financial condition or results of
operations for an individual reporting period. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2018, recent changes in market conditions,
including rising interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses
in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio,
resulting in a deferred tax asset related to net unrealized tax capital losses.
The deferred tax asset relates to the unrealized losses for which the
carryforward period has not yet begun, and as such, when assessing its
recoverability, we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying
securities to recovery. As of December 31, 2018, based on all available
evidence,  we concluded that a valuation
allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related
to unrealized losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized.  For the year ended December 31, 2018,  we established  $290  million of valuation allowance associated with the
unrealized tax losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale
securities portfolio, all of which was allocated to other comprehensive income. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2018, recent changes in market conditions, including rising
interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the U.S.
Non-Life Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio, resulting in a
decrease to the deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax capital
gains.  As of December 31, 2018, we continue to be in an overall unrealized tax
gain position with respect to the U.S. Non-Life Companies’ available for sale
securities portfolio and thus concluded no valuation allowance is necessary in
the U.S. Non-Life Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2018, we recognized a net increase of $21 million in our
deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated with certain foreign
subsidiaries and state jurisdictions, primarily attributable to current year
activity. 


 


 

 314                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2018
and 2017 on a U.S. GAAP basis: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Net U.S. consolidated return group deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,603 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in accumulated other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (510) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,070) 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,447 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,031 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,288) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   657 
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal - Net U.S., foreign, state and local deferred tax
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (220) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,813 
   
  
 



 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance of U.S. Consolidated FEDERAL Income
Tax Group 

 At December 31,
2018 and 2017, our U.S. consolidated income tax group had net deferred tax
assets after valuation allowance of $14.6 billion and $13.4 billion, respectively.
At December 31, 2018 and 2017, our U.S. consolidated income tax group had
valuation allowances of $405 million and $86 million, respectively.  

 Deferred Tax ASSET — Foreign, State and Local 

 At December 31,
2018 and 2017, we had net deferred tax assets (liabilities) of $488 million and
$366 million, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and local
tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate tax
returns. 

 At December 31,
2018 and 2017, we had deferred tax asset valuation allowances of $1.4 billion
and $1.3 billion, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and
local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate
tax returns. We maintained these valuation allowances following our conclusion
that we could not demonstrate that it was more likely than not that the related
deferred tax assets will be realized.  This was primarily due to factors such
as cumulative losses in recent years and the inability to demonstrate profits
within the specific jurisdictions over the relevant carryforward periods.  

 Tax Examinations and Litigation 

 We file a
consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with our eligible U.S.
subsidiaries. Income earned by subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is
taxed, and income tax expense is recorded, based on applicable U.S. and foreign
law. 

 The statute of
limitations for all tax years prior to 2000 has expired for our consolidated
federal income tax return. We are currently under examination for the tax years
2000 through 2013. 

 On
March 20, 2008, we received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (Notice) from
the IRS for years 1997 to 1999. The Notice asserted that we owe additional
taxes and penalties for these years primarily due to the disallowance of
foreign tax credits associated with cross-border financing transactions. The
transactions that are the subject of the Notice extend beyond the period covered
by the Notice, and the IRS has administratively challenged the later periods.
The IRS has also administratively challenged other cross-border transactions in
later years. We have paid the assessed tax plus interest and penalties for 1997
to 1999. On February 26, 2009, we filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (Southern District)
seeking a refund of approximately $306 million in taxes, interest and penalties
paid with respect to the 1997 taxable year. We allege that the IRS improperly
disallowed foreign tax credits and that our taxable income should be reduced as
a result of the 2005 restatement of our consolidated financial statements.  

 We also filed an
administrative refund claim on September 9, 2010 for our 1998 and 1999 tax
years.  

 On August 1,
2012, we filed a motion for partial summary judgment related to the
disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing
transactions in the Southern District of New York. The Southern District of New
York denied our summary judgment motion and upon AIG’s appeal, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit (the Second Circuit) affirmed the denial.
AIG’s petition for certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court from the decision of
the Second Circuit was denied on March 7, 2016.  As a result, the case has been
remanded back to the Southern District of New York for a jury trial. 


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            315 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    23.
Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 In January 2018, the parties
reached non-binding agreements in principle on issues presented in the dispute
and are currently reviewing the computations reflecting the settlement terms.
The resolution is not final and is subject to various reviews. The litigation
has been stayed pending the outcome of the review process. We can provide no
assurance regarding the outcome of any such litigation or whether binding
compromised settlements with the parties will ultimately be reached. We
currently believe that we have adequate reserves for the potential liabilities
that may result from these matters.  

 Accounting For Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and
ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
 
   
      Decreases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Lapse in statute of limitations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,709 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,530 
   
  
 



 At December
31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, our unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
penalties, were $4.7 billion, $4.7 billion and $4.5 billion,
respectively. The  activity  for the year ended December 31, 2018 is not material. The  activity  for the years
ended  December 31, 2017 and 2016, includes increases for amounts associated
with cross border financing transactions and the impact of settlement
discussions with the IRS related to certain other open tax issues unrelated to
the cross border financing transactions. With respect to cross border financing
transactions, the increases are the result of consideration of court decisions
upholding the disallowance of foreign tax credits claimed by other corporate
entities not affiliated with AIG. In addition, the year ended December 31, 2017
reflects the agreement reached in the fourth quarter of 2017 by the parties in
the cross border financing dispute to pursue a potential settlement.        

 At
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax
positions that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate because
they relate to such factors as the timing, rather than the permissibility, of
the deduction were $38 million, $28 million and $66 million,
respectively.  Accordingly, at December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the amounts of
unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the
effective tax rate were $4.7 billion, $4.7 billion and
$4.4 billion, respectively. 

 Interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax
expense. At December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we had accrued liabilities of $2.2
billion, $2.0 billion, and $1.2 billion, respectively, for the payment of
interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. For the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we accrued expense of $190 million, $776 million
and $26 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties.  The activity  for the
period ended December 31, 2017,  is primarily
related to a decrease in the expected federal benefit of interest due to the
U.S. corporate tax rate reduction and to an increase in interest and penalties
associated with cross border financing transactions.  

 We believe it is reasonably possible that our
unrecognized tax benefits could decrease within the next 12 months by as much
as $3.9 billion, principally as a result of potential resolutions or
settlements of prior years’ tax items.  The prior years’ tax items include
unrecognized tax benefits related to the deductibility of certain expenses and
matters related to cross border financing transactions. 

 Listed below are the tax years that remain subject to examination
by major tax jurisdictions: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
   Open
  Tax Years  
   
  
 
   
   Major Tax Jurisdiction 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
   2000-2017 
   
  
 
   
   Australia 
   
  
   2014-2017 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   2017-2018 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   2012-2017 
   
  
 
   
   Korea 
   
  
   2013-2017 
   
  
 
   
   Singapore 
   
  
   2014-2017 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   2017-2018 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 316                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    24. Quarterly Financial Information
(Unaudited) 

   


 
 24. Quarterly
Financial Information (Unaudited) 

 


 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Three
  Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31,
   
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,502 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,486 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,560 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,635 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations before income taxes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,527) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,803) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (695) 
   
  
     
   
  
   875 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations, net of income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (560) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,672) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   937 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,259) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (622) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,660) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.03 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.04 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.91) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7.33) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.91) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7.33) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
   907,951,597 
   
  
   980,777,243 
   
  
   903,215,488 
   
  
   925,751,084 
   
  
   895,237,359 
   
  
   908,667,044 
   
  
   887,508,718 
   
  
   908,115,499 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
   925,266,577 
   
  
   1,005,315,030 
   
  
   916,572,481 
   
  
   948,248,771 
   
  
   895,237,359 
   
  
   908,667,044 
   
  
   887,508,718 
   
  
   908,115,499 
   
  
 
   
   Noteworthy quarterly items -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      (income) expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (241) 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior year unfavorable (favorable) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      development 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   901 
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
 
   
      Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
      Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 



 *     For the three-month period ended December 31, 2018, our
results include out of period adjustments relating to prior periods that
decreased Net income attributable to AIG by $87 million, and decreased Income
from continuing operations before income taxes by $132 million. The out of
period adjustments for the three-month period are primarily related to
decreases in Premiums and decreases in Net realized capital gains and losses. We
determined that these adjustments were not material to the current quarter or
to any previously reported quarterly financial statements. Had these
adjustments been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income attributable
to AIG for the three-month period ended September 30, 2018 would have decreased
by $40 million with no impact to the three-month periods ended June 30, 2018
and March 31, 2018, respectively.  



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            317 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 25. Information
Provided in Connection with Outstanding Debt 

 


 The following Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements reflect
the results of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH), a holding company and a wholly
owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and unconditional guarantee of all
outstanding debt of AIGLH. 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,141 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,329 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,798) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   301,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   304,535 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   311,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,798) 
   
  
     
   
  
   314,209 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,578) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,650) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred income taxes (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   159,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,839) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,902 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   474,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (102,865) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   293,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   293,652 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   643 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,540 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including intercompany balances (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,483 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,578) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   587 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   440,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39,215) 
   
  
     
   
  
   434,675 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,650) 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   948 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   948 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,650) 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,309 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   474,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (102,865) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491,984 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,559 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,714) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   305,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   311,906 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   317,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,714) 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred income taxes (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   159,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,647 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   479,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111,862) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   282,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   282,105 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including intercompany balances (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,458 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   112,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,848 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   438,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,086 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   479,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111,862) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 



 (a)  At
December 31, 2018, includes restricted cash of $124 million and $18 million for
American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) and Other Subsidiaries,
respectively. At December 31, 2017, includes restricted cash of $4 million and
$54 million for American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) and Other
Subsidiaries, respectively. 

 (b)  Includes
intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at fair value before
credit valuation adjustment. 

 (c)  Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 (d)  At
December 31, 2018, includes restricted cash of $1 million and $342 million for
American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) and Other Subsidiaries,
respectively. At December 31, 2017, includes restricted cash of $1 million and
$316 million for American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) and Other
Subsidiaries, respectively.               

 
 


 

 318                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income
(Loss) 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (580) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,027) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   938 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,389 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   954 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   803 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,816 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,132 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,795 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,026) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   (399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,026) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,026) 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (468) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,026) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,829) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   891 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
 
   
     (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   952 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,891 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            319 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,269) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   (753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,107 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 



 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 

 320                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,026) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,298 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,293) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,823) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,232) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,308) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,821 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,823) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,308) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27,524) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,821) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,744 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (27,524) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,925 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            321 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash
Flows 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG  
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,445 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,651 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,947) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,206) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,312 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,980) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59,778) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58,552) 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   868 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (778) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   restricted cash acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,475) 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,717) 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,524 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (779) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (223) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,734 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,493) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,672) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (868) 
   
  
     
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends paid  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,485) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,609 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (772) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,659) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,608) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,818) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,540 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,246) 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,143) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,041 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,974) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,709 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 




 


 

 322                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG  
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,951) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,502 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,685) 
   
  
     
   
  
   74,537 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80,668) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,985) 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,919) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,367) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,127 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (851) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,238 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            323 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Condensed
Consolidating Cash Flow Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Validus 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Holdings, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,873 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Condensed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2018 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (914) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (333) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,312) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (122) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Condensed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,709 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,282) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (215) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (544) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Condensed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,331) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (493) 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 324                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. (AS
GUARANTOR) SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital contributions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received in the form of securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   745 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
 
   
   Return of capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities received in exchange for equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
 










 

 26. Subsequent Events 

 


 DIVIDENDS DECLARED AND INCREASE
IN SHARE REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION 

 On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32
per share, payable on March 29, 2019 to shareholders of record on March 15,
2019.  

 On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to its previous
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $1.5 billion, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.0 billion.   
 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            325 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part II  

 


 ITEM
9 |  Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

   

 ITEM 9A |  Controls and Procedures     

 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. In connection with the preparation of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation, which excluded the impact of
the acquisitions of Validus Holdings and Glatfelter Insurance Group
(collectively, the Acquired Businesses), was carried out by AIG management,
with the participation of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of
December 31, 2018. Based on this evaluation, AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31, 2018. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Management of
AIG is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. AIG’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process, under the supervision of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of AIG’s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 AIG management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 based on the criteria established
in the 2013  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

 AIG management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2018, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective based on the criteria articulated in the 2013
 Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO.  The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2018 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 We excluded the
Acquired Businesses from our assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2018 because they were acquired by the Company in
purchase business combinations during 2018. The Acquired Businesses combined
represented approximately 2 percent of consolidated assets at December 31, 2018
and approximately 3 percent of consolidated revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2018.  

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Other than integrating
the Acquired Businesses, there have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended December
31, 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 


 

 326                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part III 

 


 ITEM 10 |  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of
this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC
not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to
Regulation 14A. 

 ITEM 11 |  Executive Compensation 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 12 |  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and M anagement
and Related Stockholder Matters 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 13 |  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

 See
Item 10 herein. 

 ITEM 14 |  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 See Item 10 herein. 

 

 Part IV 

 


 ITEM 15 |  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules.  See accompanying
Index to Financial Statements.  

 (b) Exhibits.  See
accompanying Exhibit Index.    

   

 ITEM 16 |  Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

    

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            327 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Exhibit Index 

 


 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
  Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Location 
   
  
 
   
   2 
   
  
   Plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or
  succession 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016 between American
  International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report
  on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 29,
  2016 between American International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to AIG’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)  Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among AIG, Venus Holdings Limited
  and Validus Holdings, Ltd., dated January 21, 2018 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report
  on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 22, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3 
   
  
   Articles of incorporation and by‑laws 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AIG 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   AIG By-laws, amended November 16, 2015 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2015 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   4 
   
  
   Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including
  indentures 
   
  
   Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term
  debt securities of AIG and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)
  of Regulation S-K. AIG hereby undertakes to furnish to the Commission,
  upon request, copies of any such instruments. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  Warrant Agreement (including Form of Warrant), dated as of
  January 6, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Warrant
  Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8‑K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2011 (File
  No. 1‑8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  Tax Asset Protection Plan, dated as of March 9, 2011, between AIG and
  Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Rights Agent, including as Exhibit A the forms of
  Rights Certificate and of Election to Exercise 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report
  on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)  Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 8, 2014, to Tax Asset Protection
  Plan, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report
  on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 8, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4)  Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 14, 2016, to Tax Asset Protection
  Plan, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   9 
   
  
   Voting Trust Agreement 
   
  
   None. 
   
  
 
   
   10 
   
  
   Material contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  AIG Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  AIG Amended and
  Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10.62 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)  AIG Amended and Restated Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock
  Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 


 


   


 


 

 328                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   (4)  Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27,
  2017, among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party
  thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each Several
  L/C Agent party thereto 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5)  American International Group, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement,
  dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (6)  AIG Amended Form of 2010 Stock Incentive Plan DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to AIG’s Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (7)  Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement between AIG and Peter
  Hancock* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2010 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (8)  Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between AIG and Peter
  Hancock, dated February 8, 2010* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to AIG’s Current
  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2010 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (9)  Letter Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (10)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated August 14, 2013,
  between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (11)  Introductory Bonus Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and
  Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (12)
   Executive Officer Form of Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No.
  1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13)  AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14)  Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2011, by and among
  American Home Assurance Company, Chartis Casualty Company (f/k/a American
  International South Insurance Company), Chartis Property Casualty Company
  (f/k/a AIG Casualty Company), Commerce and Industry Insurance Company,
  Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., National
  Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance
  Company, The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania, Chartis Select
  Insurance Company (f/k/a AIG Excess Liability Insurance Company Ltd.),
  Chartis Specialty Insurance Company (f/k/a American International Specialty
  Lines Insurance Company), Landmark Insurance Company, Lexington Insurance
  Company, AIU Insurance Company, American International Reinsurance Company,
  Ltd. and American Home Assurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance
  Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company and Chartis
  Overseas Limited acting as members of the Chartis Overseas Association as respects
  business written or assumed by or from affiliated companies of Chartis Inc.
  (collectively, the Reinsureds), Eaglestone Reinsurance Company and National
  Indemnity Company 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            329 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15)  AIG 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
  year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16)  Form of 2015 Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17)  AIG Clawback Policy* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18)  AIG 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19)  Form of 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan Award Letter* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20)  AIG Annual Short-Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.43 on AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
  year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21)  AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Appendix B in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule
  14A, dated April 4, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22)  AIG 2012 Executive Severance Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended June 30, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23)  Form of AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director DSU Award
  Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24)  Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement, dated January 20, 2017,
  by and between AIG Assurance Company, AIG Property Casualty Company, AIG
  Specialty Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American Home Assurance
  Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance
  Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., Lexington Insurance Company,
  National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire
  Insurance Company and The Insurance Company Of The State Of Pennsylvania and
  National Indemnity Company (portions of this exhibit have been redacted
  pursuant to a request for confidential treatment). 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25)  Trust Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and among National Union
  Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., National Indemnity Company, and
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (portions of this exhibit have been
  redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment). 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26)  Parental Guarantee Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by Berkshire
  Hathaway Inc. in favor of National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (27)  AIG Long Term Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on March 17, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 330                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28)  Form of AIG Long Term Incentive Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on March 17, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29)  Letter Agreement between American International Group, Inc. and Peter
  D. Hancock, dated March 17, 2017* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on March 17, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30)  Letter Agreement, dated November 3, 2010, between AIG and Siddhartha
  Sankaran* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31)  Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated
  November 5, 2010, between AIG and Siddhartha Sankaran* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32)  Letter Agreement, dated July 22, 2015, between AIG and Douglas A.
  Dachille* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated July 22, 2015,
  between AIG and Douglas A. Dachille* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (34)  Letter Agreement, dated May 14, 2017, between American International
  Group, Inc. and Brian Duperreault* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on May 15, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35)  Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American International
  Group, Inc. and Brian Duperreault* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on May 15, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (36)  Letter Agreement, dated July 3, 2017, between American International
  Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated July 5, 2017,
  between American International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (38)  Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American International
  Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39)  Form of Long Term Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.60 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40)  AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41)  Description of Non-Management Director Compensation* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to “Compensation of Directors” in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement
  on Schedule 14A, dated March 27, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42)  AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated)* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43)  Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement between AIG and Siddhartha
  Sankaran, dated December 7, 2018* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 7, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            331 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44)  Letter Agreement, dated May 10, 2018, between AIG and Mark Lyons* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Amendment
  No. 1, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated May 13, 2018,
  between AIG and Mark Lyons* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Amendment
  No. 1, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of Registrant 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   24 
   
  
   Powers of attorney 
   
  
   Included on signature page and filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   31 
   
  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   32 
   
  
   Section 1350 Certifications** 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   99.02 
   
  
   Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of
  Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
  December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, (ii) the Consolidated
  Statements of Income for the three years ended December 31, 2018,
  (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years ended
  December 31, 2018, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
  for the three years ended December 31, 2018, (v) the Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31,
  2018 and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 



 *    This
exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 **   This
information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11
and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 

 

 


 

 332                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Signatures 

 


 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 15th of February, 2019. 

                                                                                                                 AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

                                                                                                                 By                       /S/
BRIAN DUPERREAULT                                       

                                                                                                                         (Brian
Duperreault, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS
BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Brian Duperreault and Mark D. Lyons, and each of them severally,
his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that
such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and
purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and
confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or
her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 

 Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 15th of February,
2019. 

   

 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            333 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
 
  
   
   SIGNATURE 
   
  
     
   
  
   TITLE 
   
  
 
   
   /S/ BRIAN DUPERREAULT 
   
  
     
   
  
   President, Chief Executive
  Officer and Director 
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Brian Duperreault) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ MARK D. LYONS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Executive Vice President and
  Chief Financial Officer 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Mark D. Lyons) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ JONATHAN WISMER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President –
  Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
   (Principal Accounting
  Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Jonathan Wismer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ W. DON CORNWELL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (W. Don Cornwell) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ JOHN H. FITZPATRICK 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John H. Fitzpatrick) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ WILLIAM G. JURGENSEN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William G. Jurgensen) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ CHRISTOPHER S. LYNCH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Christopher S. Lynch) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ HENRY S. MILLER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Henry S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ LINDA A. MILLS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Linda A. Mills) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ THOMAS F. MOTAMED 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Thomas F. Motamed) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Suzanne Nora Johnson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ RONALD A. RITTENMEYER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ronald A. Rittenmeyer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas M. Steenland) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ THERESA M. STONE 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Theresa M. Stone) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


    

 
 


 

 334                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in Related
Parties 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   which
  shown in 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
   the Balance Sheet
   
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,835 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,925 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,925 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,001 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,570 
   
  
 
   
      Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,628 
   
  
 
   
      All other corporate debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,743 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,939 
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   240,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   240,806 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities and mutual funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Banks, trust and insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
         Industrial, miscellaneous and all other 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
      Total common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities and mutual funds (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,627 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,135 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,341 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, at cost (approximates fair value) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,674 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   916 
   
  
     
   
  
   916 
   
  
     
   
  
   916 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315,125 
   
  
 



 (a)  Original
cost of fixed maturities is reduced by other-than-temporary impairment charges
and by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of
discounts. 

 (b) 
As a result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and
Measurement Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer
classified and accounted for as available for sale securities. 

 (c)  The
balance is reported in Other assets. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            335 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 Balance
Sheets — Parent Company Only 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,141 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,545 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
 
   
   Due from affiliates - net (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax receivable (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,030 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,135 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due to affiliate (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,329 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax payable (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,577 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (includes intercompany derivative liabilities
  of $105 in 2018 and $63 in 2017) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,491 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,541 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,532 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49,144) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
 



 (a)  At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, included restricted cash of $124 million and $4
million, respectively. 

 (b)  Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 (c)  At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, included restricted cash of $1 million and $1
million, respectively. 

 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
Registrant. 


 


 

 336                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of consolidated
  subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,160) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,375) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,633) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividend income from consolidated subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,364 
   
  
 
   
      Interest income (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   961 
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   954 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (690) 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   800 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
   985 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG Parent Company 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
   (a)   Eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
 
   
   (b)   Includes interest income on intercompany borrowings of
  $840 million, $512 million and $294 million on December 31, 2018, 2017 and
  2016, respectively,  
   
  
 
   
    eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (c)   Primarily includes pre-tax gain of $697 million on the sale
  of United Guaranty on December 31, 2016. 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Comprehensive Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,308) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            337 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Cash Flows — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales and maturities of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,598 
   
  
 
   
      Sales of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,980) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,170) 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition of business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,475) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loan receivables - originations and
  purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
 
   
      Payments received on mortgages and other loan receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   868 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,778 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,493) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash and restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary disclosure of
  cash flow information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted cash included in Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and restricted cash shown in Statements of Cash
  Flows — Parent Company Only 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (914) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   745 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities received in exchange for equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 338                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 American
International Group, Inc.’s (the Registrant) investments in consolidated
subsidiaries are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed income of
consolidated subsidiaries. The accompanying condensed financial statements of
the Registrant should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto of American International Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries included in the Registrant’s 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2018 (Annual Report on Form 10-K)
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2019. 

 The Registrant
includes in its Statement of Income dividends from its subsidiaries and equity
in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents
the net income (loss) of each of its wholly - owned subsidiaries. 

 Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 

 The five-year
debt maturity schedule is incorporated by reference from Note 15 to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Registrant
files a consolidated federal income tax return with certain subsidiaries
and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the
Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and its subsidiaries have adopted,
pursuant to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated Federal
income taxes. Amounts allocated to the subsidiaries under the written agreement
are included in Due from affiliates in the accompanying Condensed Balance
Sheets. 

 Income taxes in
the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets are composed of the Registrant’s
current and deferred tax assets, the consolidated group’s current income tax
receivable and deferred taxes related to tax attribute carryforwards of AIG’s
U.S. consolidated income tax group.  

 For
additional information see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 The consolidated
U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating loss, capital loss and tax credit
carryforwards are recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated
U.S. Federal income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries.
Generally, as, and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax
attribute carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be
settled with the subsidiaries. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            339 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Supplementary Insurance Information 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018 and 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  Unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Contract 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   Claims 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113,696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,694 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   128,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,248 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   864 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,587 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,795 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,030 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   860 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and  
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Written (b) 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,505 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,596 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,407 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   357 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   600 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,386 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,642 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   727 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,564 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,396 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,967 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,945 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   816 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
consolidation and elimination entries. 

 (b)  Balances
reflect the segment changes discussed in Note 3 – Segment Information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
 


 

 340                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Reinsurance 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and for the years then
  ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Ceded
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   from
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Amount  
   
  
     
   
  
   to Net
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,094,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228,846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   866,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,335 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,755 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,823 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,061,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   859,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,533 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   809 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,025,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,561 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,947 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2018 Form 10-K                            341 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  V 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charged
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    to
  Assets of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge
  Offs 
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
   Held
  for Sale 
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   End of
  year 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,779 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,831 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
recoveries of amounts previously charged off and reclassifications to/from
other accounts. 




 


 

 342                               AIG | 2018 Form
10-K   

 



 
 
 
 
