
 10-Q
 1
 consumersenergy10q03312019.htm
 10-Q
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents                   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C. 20549           FORM 10‑Q           x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019     OR     o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the transition period from _____to_____         Commission   Registrant; State of Incorporation;   IRS Employer File Number   Address; and Telephone Number   Identification No. 1‑9513   CMS ENERGY CORPORATION   38‑2726431     (A Michigan Corporation)         One Energy Plaza, Jackson, Michigan 49201         (517) 788‑0550               1‑5611   CONSUMERS ENERGY COMPANY   38‑0442310     (A Michigan Corporation)         One Energy Plaza, Jackson, Michigan 49201         (517) 788‑0550                 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. CMS Energy Corporation:  Yes  x    No  o Consumers Energy Company:  Yes  x    No  o   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S‑T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). CMS Energy Corporation:  Yes  x    No  o Consumers Energy Company:  Yes  x    No  o   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non‑accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act. CMS Energy Corporation: Consumers Energy Company: Large accelerated filer  x   Large accelerated filer  o Non‑accelerated filer  o Non‑accelerated filer  x   Accelerated filer  o Accelerated filer  o Smaller reporting company  o Smaller reporting company  o Emerging growth company  o Emerging growth company  o     If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. CMS Energy Corporation:   o Consumers Energy Company:   o   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act). CMS Energy Corporation:  Yes  o   No  x Consumers Energy Company:  Yes  o   No  x     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock at April 8, 2019: CMS Energy Corporation:   CMS Energy Common Stock, $0.01 par value   (including 20,316 shares owned by Consumers Energy) 283,753,895   Consumers Energy Company:   Consumers Common Stock, $10 par value, privately held by CMS Energy Corporation 84,108,789   Table of Contents Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consumers Energy Company Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Period Ended  March 31, 2019 Table of Contents Glossary 2 Filing Format 7 Available Information 7 Forward-Looking Statements and Information 7 Part I—Financial Information 11 Item 1. Financial Statements 11 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 82 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 82 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 82 Part II—Other Information 83 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 83 Item 1A. Risk Factors 83 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 83 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 84 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 84 Item 5. Other Information 84 Item 6. Exhibits 85 Signatures 86 1 Table of Contents Glossary   Certain terms used in the text and financial statements are defined below. 2016 Energy Law Michigan’s Public Acts 341 and 342 of 2016, which became effective in April 2017 2018  Form 10‑K Each of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2018 ABATE The Association of Businesses Advocating Tariff Equity ARO Asset retirement obligation ASU Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update Bay Harbor A residential/commercial real estate area located near Petoskey, Michigan, in which CMS Energy sold its interest in 2002 bcf Billion cubic feet Cantera Gas Company Cantera Gas Company LLC, a non‑affiliated company, formerly known as CMS Field Services Cantera Natural Gas, Inc. Cantera Natural Gas, Inc., a non‑affiliated company that purchased CMS Field Services CCR Coal combustion residual CEO Chief Executive Officer CERCLA The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended CFO Chief Financial Officer Clean Air Act Federal Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended Clean Water Act Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended CMS Capital CMS Capital, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy 2 Table of Contents CMS Energy CMS Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted; the parent of Consumers and CMS Enterprises CMS Enterprises CMS Enterprises Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy CMS ERM CMS Energy Resource Management Company, formerly known as CMS MST, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises CMS Field Services CMS Field Services, Inc., a former wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Gas Transmission Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises CMS Land CMS Land Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Capital CMS MST CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises, whose name was changed to CMS ERM in 2004 Consumers Consumers Energy Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted; a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy CSAPR The Cross‑State Air Pollution Rule of 2011, as amended DB Pension Plans Defined benefit pension plans of CMS Energy and Consumers, including certain present and former affiliates and subsidiaries DB SERP Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan DIG Dearborn Industrial Generation, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Dearborn Industrial Energy, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy Dodd‑Frank Act Dodd‑Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EnerBank EnerBank USA, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Capital energy waste reduction The reduction of energy consumption through energy efficiency and demand‑side energy conservation, as established under the 2016 Energy Law 3 Table of Contents EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings per share Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FERC The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FTR Financial transmission right GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GCR Gas cost recovery Genesee Genesee Power Station Limited Partnership, a variable interest entity in which HYDRA‑CO Enterprises, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises, has a 50‑percent interest Internal Revenue Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRP Integrated resource plan  ITC International Transmission Company, wholly owned by ITC Holdings Corp., a non‑affiliated company kWh Kilowatt‑hour, a unit of energy equal to one thousand watt‑hours Ludington Ludington pumped‑storage plant, jointly owned by Consumers and DTE Electric Company, a  non‑affiliated company MATS Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, which limit mercury, acid gases, and other toxic pollution from coal‑fueled and oil‑fueled power plants MCV Partnership Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership MCV PPA PPA between Consumers and the MCV Partnership 4 Table of Contents MD&A Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MDEQ Michigan Department of Environmental Quality METC Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a non‑affiliated company MGP Manufactured gas plant Michigan Mercury Rule Michigan Air Pollution Control Rules of 2009, as amended, Part 15: Emission Limitations and Prohibitions – Mercury MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. mothball To place a generating unit into a state of extended reserve shutdown in which the unit is inactive and unavailable for service for a specified period, during which the unit can be brought back into service after receiving appropriate notification and completing any necessary maintenance or other work; generation owners in MISO must request approval to mothball a unit, and MISO then evaluates the request for reliability impacts MPSC Michigan Public Service Commission MW Megawatt, a unit of power equal to one million watts NAAQS National Ambient Air Quality Standards NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, a permit system for regulating point sources of pollution under the Clean Water Act NREPA Part 201 of Michigan’s Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Act of 1994, as amended NSR New Source Review, a construction‑permitting program under the Clean Air Act OPEB Other Post‑Employment Benefits OPEB Plan Postretirement health care and life insurance plans of CMS Energy and Consumers, including certain present and former affiliates and subsidiaries 5 Table of Contents OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Administration PCB Polychlorinated biphenyl PHMSA The U.S. Department of Transportation’s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PPA Power purchase agreement PSCR Power supply cost recovery PURPA The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 RCRA The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 REC Renewable energy credit ROA Retail Open Access, which allows electric generation customers to choose alternative electric suppliers pursuant to Michigan’s Public Acts 141 and 142 of 2000, as amended SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission securitization A financing method authorized by statute and approved by the MPSC which allows a utility to sell its right to receive a portion of the rate payments received from its customers for the repayment of securitization bonds issued by a special‑purpose entity affiliated with such utility Smart Energy Consumers’ Smart Energy grid modernization project, which includes the installation of smart meters that transmit and receive data, a two‑way communications network, and modifications to Consumers’ existing information technology system to manage the data and enable changes to key business processes TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 6 Table of Contents Filing Format This combined Form 10‑Q is separately filed by CMS Energy and Consumers. Information in this combined Form 10‑Q relating to each individual registrant is filed by such registrant on its own behalf. Consumers makes no representation regarding information relating to any other companies affiliated with CMS Energy other than its own subsidiaries. None of CMS Energy, CMS Enterprises, nor any of CMS Energy’s other subsidiaries (other than Consumers) has any obligation in respect of Consumers’ debt securities and holders of such debt securities should not consider the financial resources or results of operations of CMS Energy, CMS Enterprises, nor any of CMS Energy’s other subsidiaries (other than Consumers and its own subsidiaries (in relevant circumstances)) in making a decision with respect to Consumers’ debt securities. Similarly, neither Consumers nor any other subsidiary of CMS Energy has any obligation in respect of debt securities of CMS Energy. This report should be read in its entirety. No one section of this report deals with all aspects of the subject matter of this report. This report should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with MD&A included in the  2018  Form 10‑K. Available Information CMS Energy’s internet address is www.cmsenergy.com. CMS Energy routinely posts important information on its website and considers the Investor Relations section, www.cmsenergy.com/investor‑relations, a channel of distribution. Information contained on CMS Energy’s website is not incorporated herein. Forward‑Looking Statements and Information This Form 10‑Q and other CMS Energy and Consumers disclosures may contain forward‑looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of “might,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “predicts,” “assumes,” and other similar words is intended to identify forward‑looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. This discussion of potential risks and uncertainties is designed to highlight important factors that may impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses and financial outlook. CMS Energy and Consumers have no obligation to update or revise forward‑looking statements regardless of whether new information, future events, or any other factors affect the information contained in the statements. These forward‑looking statements are subject to various factors that could cause CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in these statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following, all of which are potentially significant: • the impact of new regulation by the MPSC, FERC, and other applicable governmental proceedings and regulations, including any associated impact on electric or gas rates or rate structures • potentially adverse regulatory treatment, effects of a failure to receive timely regulatory orders affecting Consumers that are or could come before the MPSC, FERC, or other governmental authorities, effects of a government shutdown, or effects of a lack of a quorum of a regulatory body • changes in the performance of or regulations applicable to MISO, METC, pipelines, railroads, vessels, or other service providers that CMS Energy, Consumers, or any of their affiliates rely on to serve their customers 7 Table of Contents • the adoption of federal or state laws or regulations or challenges to federal or state laws or regulations, or changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, principles, or practices, or in their interpretation, such as those related to energy policy, ROA, and PURPA, infrastructure integrity or security, gas pipeline safety, gas pipeline capacity, energy waste reduction, the environment, regulation or deregulation, reliability, health care reforms (including comprehensive health care reform enacted in 2010), taxes, accounting matters, climate change, air emissions, renewable energy, potential effects of the Dodd‑Frank Act, and other business issues that could have an impact on CMS Energy’s, Consumers’, or any of their affiliates’ businesses or financial results • factors affecting operations, such as costs and availability of personnel, equipment, and materials; weather conditions; natural disasters; catastrophic weather‑related damage; scheduled or unscheduled equipment outages; maintenance or repairs; environmental incidents; failures of equipment or materials; electric transmission and distribution or gas pipeline system constraints; interconnection requirements; and changes in trade policies or regulations • increases in demand for renewable energy by customers seeking to meet sustainability goals • the ability of Consumers to execute its cost‑reduction strategies • potentially adverse regulatory or legal interpretations or decisions regarding environmental matters, or delayed regulatory treatment or permitting decisions that are or could come before the MDEQ, EPA, and/or U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and potential environmental remediation costs associated with these interpretations or decisions, including those that may affect Bay Harbor or Consumers’ routine maintenance, repair, and replacement classification under NSR regulations • changes in energy markets, including availability and price of electric capacity and the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and availability and deliverability of coal, natural gas, natural gas liquids, electricity, oil, and certain related products • the price of CMS Energy common stock, the credit ratings of CMS Energy and Consumers, capital and financial market conditions, and the effect of these market conditions on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ interest costs and access to the capital markets, including availability of financing to CMS Energy, Consumers, or any of their affiliates • the investment performance of the assets of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ pension and benefit plans, the discount rates, mortality assumptions, and future medical costs used in calculating the plans’ obligations, and the resulting impact on future funding requirements • the impact of the economy, particularly in Michigan, and potential future volatility in the financial and credit markets on CMS Energy’s, Consumers’, or any of their affiliates’ revenues, ability to collect accounts receivable from customers, or cost and availability of capital • changes in the economic and financial viability of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ suppliers, customers, and other counterparties and the continued ability of these third parties, including those in bankruptcy, to meet their obligations to CMS Energy and Consumers • population changes in the geographic areas where CMS Energy and Consumers conduct business • national, regional, and local economic, competitive, and regulatory policies, conditions, and developments 8 Table of Contents • loss of customer demand for electric generation supply to alternative electric suppliers, increased use of distributed generation, or energy waste reduction • adverse consequences of employee, director, or third‑party fraud or non‑compliance with codes of conduct or with laws or regulations • federal regulation of electric sales and transmission of electricity, including periodic re‑examination by federal regulators of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ market‑based sales authorizations • the impact of credit markets, economic conditions, increased competition, and any new banking and consumer protection regulations on EnerBank • the availability, cost, coverage, and terms of insurance, the stability of insurance providers, and the ability of Consumers to recover the costs of any insurance from customers • the effectiveness of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ risk management policies, procedures, and strategies, including strategies to hedge risk related to interest rates and future prices of electricity, natural gas, and other energy‑related commodities • factors affecting development of electric generation projects and gas and electric transmission and distribution infrastructure replacement, conversion, and expansion projects, including factors related to project site identification, construction material pricing, schedule delays, availability of qualified construction personnel, permitting, acquisition of property rights, and government approvals • potential disruption to, interruption of, or other impacts on facilities, utility infrastructure, operations, or backup systems due to accidents, explosions, physical disasters, cyber incidents, vandalism, war, or terrorism, and the ability to obtain or maintain insurance coverage for these events • changes or disruption in fuel supply, including but not limited to supplier bankruptcy and delivery disruptions • potential costs, lost revenues, reputational harm, or other consequences resulting from misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data, or operational disruption in connection with a cyber attack or other cyber incident • potential disruption to, interruption or failure of, or other impacts on information technology backup or disaster recovery systems • technological developments in energy production, storage, delivery, usage, and metering • the ability to implement technology successfully • the impact of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ integrated business software system and its effects on their operations, including utility customer billing and collections • adverse consequences resulting from any past, present, or future assertion of indemnity or warranty claims associated with assets and businesses previously owned by CMS Energy or Consumers, including claims resulting from attempts by foreign or domestic governments to assess taxes on or to impose environmental liability associated with past operations or transactions 9 Table of Contents • the outcome, cost, and other effects of any legal or administrative claims, proceedings, investigations, or settlements • the reputational impact on CMS Energy and Consumers of operational incidents, violations of corporate policies, regulatory violations, inappropriate use of social media, and other events • restrictions imposed by various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements on the ability of Consumers and other subsidiaries of CMS Energy to transfer funds to CMS Energy in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances • earnings volatility resulting from the application of fair value accounting to certain energy commodity contracts or interest rate contracts • changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies • other matters that may be disclosed from time to time in CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ SEC filings, or in other public documents All forward‑looking statements should be considered in the context of the risk and other factors described above and as detailed from time to time in CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ SEC filings. For additional details regarding these and other uncertainties, see  Part I—Item 1. Financial Statements —MD&A—Outlook  and  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2, Regulatory Matters  and  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments ; and  Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors . 10 Table of Contents Part I— Financial Information Item  1 .     Financial Statements Index to Financial Statements Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 12 CMS Energy Consolidated Financial Statements 36 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 36 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 37 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 39 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 40 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 42 Consumers Consolidated Financial Statements 44 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 44 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 45 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 47 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 48 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 50 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 51 1: New Accounting Standards 51 2: Regulatory Matters 52 3: Contingencies and Commitments 53 4: Financings and Capitalization 59 5: Fair Value Measurements 61 6: Financial Instruments 63 7: Notes Receivable 64 8: Leases 65 9: Retirement Benefits 71 10: Income Taxes 72 11: Earnings Per Share—CMS Energy 73 12: Revenue 74 13: Cash and Cash Equivalents 77 14: Reportable Segments 78 15: Asset Sales 81 11 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consumers Energy Company Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This  MD&A  is a combined report of CMS Energy and Consumers. Executive Overview CMS Energy is an energy company operating primarily in Michigan. It is the parent holding company of several subsidiaries, including Consumers, an electric and gas utility, and CMS Enterprises, primarily a domestic independent power producer and marketer. Consumers’ electric utility operations include  the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity , and Consumers’ gas utility operations include  the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas . Consumers’ customer base consists of a mix of residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. CMS Enterprises, through its subsidiaries and equity investments, is engaged  in domestic independent power production, including the development and operation of renewable generation, and the marketing of independent power production . CMS Energy and Consumers manage their businesses by the nature of services each provides. CMS Energy operates principally in three business segments: electric utility; gas utility; and enterprises, its non-utility operations and investments. Consumers operates principally in two business segments: electric utility and gas utility. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are affected primarily by: • regulation and regulatory matters • state and federal legislation • economic conditions • weather • energy commodity prices • interest rates • their securities’ credit ratings The Triple Bottom Line CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ purpose is to achieve world class performance while delivering hometown service. In support of this purpose, the companies employ the “Consumers Energy Way,” a lean operating model designed to improve safety, quality, cost, delivery, and employee morale. 12 Table of Contents CMS Energy and Consumers measure their progress toward the purpose by considering their impact on the “triple bottom line” of people, planet, and profit, which is underpinned by performance; this consideration takes into account not only the economic value that the companies create for customers and investors, but also their responsibility to social and environmental goals. The triple bottom line balances the interests of the companies’ employees, customers, suppliers, regulators, creditors, Michigan’s residents, the investment community, and other stakeholders, and it reflects the broader societal impacts of the companies’ activities. Consumers’ Sustainability Report, which is available to the public, describes the company’s progress toward world class performance measured in the areas of people, planet, and profit. People:  The people element of the triple bottom line represents CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ commitment to their employees, their customers, the residents of local communities in which the companies do business, and other stakeholders. The safety of employees, customers, and the general public is a priority of CMS Energy and Consumers. Accordingly, CMS Energy and Consumers have worked to integrate a set of safety principles into their business operations and culture. These principles include complying with applicable safety, health, and security regulations and implementing programs and processes aimed at continually improving safety and security conditions. Over the last ten years, Consumers’ OSHA recordable incident rate has decreased by over 70 percent.  CMS Energy and Consumers also place a high priority on customer value and on providing a hometown customer experience. Consumers’ customer-driven investment program is aimed at improving safety and increasing electric and gas reliability, which has resulted in measurable improvements in customer satisfaction. Central to Consumers’ commitment to its customers are the initiatives it has undertaken to keep electricity and natural gas affordable, including: • replacement of coal-fueled generation and PPAs with cleaner and more efficient natural gas‑fueled generation, renewable energy, and energy waste reduction and demand response programs • targeted infrastructure investment, including the installation of smart meters • information and control system efficiencies • employee and retiree health care cost sharing • workforce productivity enhancements In addition, Consumers’ gas commodity costs declined by 60 percent from 2008 through 2018, due not only to a decrease in market prices but also to Consumers’ improvements to its gas infrastructure and optimization of its gas purchasing and storage strategy. These gas commodity savings are passed on to customers. Planet:  The planet element of the triple bottom line represents CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ commitment to protect the environment; this commitment extends beyond complying with the various state and federal environmental and health and safety laws and regulations to which CMS Energy and  13 Table of Contents Consumers are subject. Management considers climate change risk and other environmental risks in the companies’ strategy development, business planning, and enterprise risk management processes. In November 2018, CMS Energy published a climate assessment report of the long-term impacts on the company’s portfolio, of public policies and technological advances that are consistent with limiting global warming to no more than two degrees Celsius over pre-industrial levels. CMS Energy and Consumers continue to focus on opportunities to protect the environment and to reduce their carbon footprint. As a result of actions already taken by CMS Energy and Consumers, including the retirement of  seven  of Consumers’ coal-fueled electric generating units in 2016, the companies have:  • decreased their combined percentage of electric supply (self-generated and purchased) from coal by 18 percentage points since 2015 • reduced carbon dioxide emissions by over 35 percent since 2005 • reduced the amount of water used to generate electricity by over 30 percent since 2012 • reduced landfill waste disposal by over one million cubic yards since 1992 • reduced methane emissions by 15 percent since 2011 Additionally, over the last 20 years, Consumers has reduced its sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, particulate matter, and mercury emissions by 90 percent. The 2016 Energy Law: • raised the renewable energy standard from the present ten‑percent requirement to   12.5 percent  in  2019  and  15 percent  in  2021 • established a goal of 35 percent combined renewable energy and energy waste reduction by 2025 • authorized incentives for demand response programs and expanded existing incentives for energy efficiency programs, referring to the combined initiatives as energy waste reduction programs • established an integrated planning process for new generation resources Consumers filed an IRP with the MPSC in June 2018,  detailing its long‑term strategy for delivering reliable and affordable energy to its customers through the increased use of energy efficiency and customer demand management programs and additional renewable energy. In March 2019, Consumers and a broad coalition of key stakeholders, including the MPSC Staff and the Michigan Attorney General, filed a settlement agreement with the MPSC resolving Consumers’ IRP.  In April 2019, two parties filed objections to the settlement agreement. The MPSC has commenced a contested settlement proceeding to determine whether the agreement is reasonable and in the public interest, and will either approve or reject the settlement by June 10, 2019. In its IRP, Consumers details how it will meet the requirements of the 2016 Energy Law using its clean and lean strategy, which focuses on increasing the generation of renewable energy, helping customers use less energy, and offering demand response programs to reduce demand during critical peak times. Further, Consumers details its plans to replace all of its coal-fueled generation with investment in renewable energy, which will enable Consumers to meet and exceed the 2016 Energy Law renewable energy requirements and fulfill increasing customer demand for renewable energy. The IRP would  reduce carbon emissions by more than 90 percent by 2040 , surpassing the breakthrough goal Consumers set in 2018 to reduce carbon emissions by 80 percent. Additionally, the IRP would allow Consumers to achieve a breakthrough goal of at least 50 percent combined renewable energy and energy waste reduction by 2030. 14 Table of Contents Additionally, in an effort to advance its environmental stewardship in Michigan and to minimize the impact of future regulations, Consumers announced the following five-year targets during 2018: • to reduce its water use by one billion gallons; in 2018, Consumers reduced its water usage by 180 million gallons • to reduce the amount of waste taken to landfills by 35 percent; in 2018, Consumers reduced its waste to landfills by 12 percent • to enhance, restore, or protect 5,000 acres of land; in 2018, Consumers enhanced, restored, or protected nearly 800 acres of land CMS Energy, through its non-utility businesses, continues to pursue further opportunities for the development of renewable generation projects. CMS Enterprises has completed the development of and operates a 105‑MW wind generation project in northwest Ohio and three solar generation projects in Michigan and Wisconsin totaling 27 MW. Renewable energy produced by these projects is committed to customers under long-term PPAs. CMS Energy and Consumers are monitoring numerous legislative, policy, and regulatory initiatives, including those to regulate greenhouse gases, and related litigation. While CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these matters, which could have a material effect on the companies, they intend to continue to move forward with their clean and lean strategy. Profit:  The profit element of the triple bottom line represents CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ commitment to meeting financial objectives and providing economic development opportunities and benefits in the communities in which they do business. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial strength allows them to maintain solid investment-grade credit ratings and thereby reduce funding costs for the benefit of customers and investors, to preserve and create jobs, and to reinvest in the communities they serve. For the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy’s  net income available to common stockholders  was  $213 million , and diluted EPS were  $0.75 . This compares with  net income available to common stockholders  of  $241 million  and diluted EPS of  $0.86  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . In  2019 , the benefits from electric and gas rate increases and higher sales were more than offset by higher service restoration costs from 2019 winter storms, higher depreciation, and lower earnings at the enterprises segment. A more detailed discussion of the factors affecting CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ performance can be found in the  Results of Operations  section that follows this  Executive Overview .  Consumers projects that its electric weather-normalized deliveries will  remain stable  and gas weather‑normalized deliveries will  increase slightly  through 2023. This outlook reflects  modest growth in electric demand offset by the effects of energy waste reduction programs , and  modest growth in gas demand offset partially by  energy efficiency and conservation . 15 Table of Contents Performance: Impacting the Triple Bottom Line CMS Energy and Consumers remain committed to achieving world class performance while delivering hometown service. Leveraging the Consumers Energy Way, CMS Energy and Consumers accomplished the following during 2018: • achieved record-breaking performance in the area of on-time delivery commitments • attracted 101 MW of new or expanding load in Consumers’ service territory • announced clean energy goals and filed an IRP in support of those goals • expanded CMS Enterprises’ renewable portfolio • enhanced or restored nearly 800 acres of land in Michigan • finished first overall across the electric utility sector in cyber security testing CMS Energy and Consumers will continue to utilize the Consumers Energy Way to enable them to achieve world class performance and positively impact the triple bottom line. Consumers’ investment plan and the regulatory environment in which it operates also drive its ability to impact the triple bottom line. Investment Plan:  Consumers expects to make significant expenditures on infrastructure upgrades and replacements and electric supply projects from 2019 through 2023. While it has a large number of potential investment opportunities that would add customer value, Consumers has prioritized its spending based on the criteria of enhancing public safety, increasing reliability, maintaining affordability for its customers, and advancing its environmental stewardship. Consumers’ investment program is expected to result in annual rate-base growth of six to eight percent. This rate-base growth, together with cost-control initiatives, should allow Consumers to maintain affordable customer prices. Presented in the following illustration are planned capital expenditures of $11.2 billion that Consumers expects to make from  2019  through 2023: 16 Table of Contents Consumers plans to spend $9.3 billion over the next five years to maintain and upgrade its gas infrastructure and electric distribution systems in order to enhance safety and reliability, improve customer satisfaction, and reduce energy waste on those systems. The gas infrastructure projects comprise $5.1 billion to sustain deliverability and enhance pipeline integrity and safety. These projects, which involve replacement of mains and services and enhancement of transmission and storage systems, should reduce the minor quantity of methane emissions released as gas is transported. The electric distribution projects comprise $4.2 billion to strengthen circuits and substations and replace poles. Consumers also expects to spend $1.9 billion on electric supply projects, representing new generation, including renewable generation, and environmental investments needed to comply with state and federal laws and regulations. Regulation:  Regulatory matters are a key aspect of Consumers’ business, particularly rate cases and regulatory proceedings before the MPSC, which permit recovery of new investments while helping to ensure that customer rates are fair and affordable. Important regulatory events and developments not already discussed are summarized below. • 2018 Electric Rate Case:   In May 2018, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of  $58 million , based on a  10.75 percent  authorized return on equity. The filing requested authority to recover new investment in system reliability, environmental compliance, and technology enhancements. In October 2018, Consumers reduced its requested annual rate increase to  $44 million . In January 2019, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement authorizing an annual rate decrease of  $24 million , based on a  10.0 percent  authorized return of equity. With the elimination of the  $113 million  TCJA credit to customer bills, the approved settlement agreement results in an  $89 million  net increase in annual rates. The settlement agreement also provides for deferred accounting treatment for distribution‑related capital investments exceeding certain amounts. Consumers also agreed to not file a new electric rate case prior to January 2020. • 2018 Gas Rate Case:   In November 2018, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $229 million, based on a 10.75 percent authorized return on equity.   The filing also seeks approval of two rate adjustment mechanisms: a revenue decoupling mechanism and an investment recovery mechanism. The revenue decoupling mechanism would annually reconcile Consumers’ actual weather‑normalized non‑fuel revenues with the revenues approved by the MPSC. The investment recovery mechanism would provide for additional annual rate increases of $11 million beginning in October 2020 and another $11 million beginning in October 2021 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation. These future investments are intended to help ensure adequate system capacity and deliverability.  • Tax Cuts and Jobs Act:   The TCJA, which changed existing federal tax law and included numerous provisions that affect businesses, was signed into law in December 2017.  In early 2018, the MPSC ordered Consumers to file various proceedings to determine the reduction in its electric and gas revenue requirements as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, and to implement bill credits to reflect that reduction until customer rates could be adjusted through Consumers’ general rate cases. Consumers filed, and the MPSC approved, such proceedings throughout 2018, resulting in credits to customer bills during 2018 to reflect reductions in Consumers’ electric and gas revenue requirements.  Additionally, Consumers filed an application to address the December 31, 2017 remeasurement of its deferred income taxes and other base rate impacts of the TCJA on customers. For details on these proceedings, see  Note 2, Regulatory Matters .  17 Table of Contents Looking Forward CMS Energy and Consumers will continue to consider the impact on the triple bottom line of people, planet, and profit in their daily operations as well as in their long-term strategic decisions. Consumers will continue to seek fair and timely regulatory treatment that will support its customer-driven investment plan, while pursuing cost-control initiatives that will allow it to maintain sustainable customer base rates. The Consumers Energy Way is an important means of realizing CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ purpose of achieving world class performance while delivering hometown service. 18 Table of Contents Results of Operations CMS Energy Consolidated Results of Operations In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Change   Net Income Available to Common Stockholders   $ 213   $ 241   $ (28 ) Basic Earnings Per Average Common Share   $ 0.75   $ 0.86   $ (0.11 ) Diluted Earnings Per Average Common Share   $ 0.75   $ 0.86   $ (0.11 )               In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Change   Electric utility   $ 105   $ 139   $ (34 ) Gas utility   121   103   18 Enterprises   1   15   (14 ) Corporate interest and other   (14 )   (16 )   2 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders   $ 213   $ 241   $ (28 ) Presented in the following table are specific after-tax changes to CMS Energy’s  net income available to common stockholders  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 : In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018       $ 241 Reasons for the change         Consumers electric utility and gas utility         Electric sales   $ 9     Gas sales   18     Electric rate increase   10     Gas rate increase   23     Higher service restoration costs from 2019 winter storms   (29 )     Depreciation and amortization   (13 )     Absence of 2018 settlement of a property tax appeal related to the J.H. Campbell plant   (7 )     Higher property tax, reflecting higher capital spending   (7 )     Absence of 2018 income tax benefit associated with electric cost of removal 1   (7 )     Absence of 2018 research and development tax credits 1   (7 )     Other   (6 )   $ (16 ) Enterprises         Lower earnings due primarily to lower capacity revenue and higher operating and maintenance costs       (14 ) Corporate interest and other         Increased income tax benefit due primarily to production tax credits   3     Higher earnings at EnerBank   2     Higher fixed charges due to higher debt   (3 )   2 Three Months Ended March 31, 2019       $ 213 1   See  Note 10, Income Taxes . 19 Table of Contents Consumers Electric Utility Results of Operations For the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , Consumers electric utility’s  net income available to common stockholders  was  $105 million . This compares with  net income available to common stockholders  of  $139 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . In  2019 , revenues were higher due to the impact of the rate order implemented in January 2019 and favorable sales mix. These increases were more than offset by higher service restoration costs resulting from significant 2019 winter storms and costs associated with higher capital spending. Presented in the following table are the detailed changes to the electric utility’s  net income available to common stockholders  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 : In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018       $ 139 Reasons for the change         Electric deliveries 1  and rate increases         Rate increase, including the impacts of the January 2019 order   $ 13     Higher sales   11     Higher energy waste reduction program revenues   3     Other revenues   1   $ 28 Maintenance and other operating expenses         Higher service restoration costs from 2019 winter storms   (39 )     Higher energy waste reduction program costs   (3 )     Litigation settlement   8     Higher other operating and maintenance expenses   (4 )   (38 ) Depreciation and amortization         Increased plant in service, reflecting higher capital spending       (9 ) General taxes         Absence of 2018 settlement of a property tax appeal related to the J.H. Campbell plant   (9 )     Higher property tax, reflecting higher capital spending   (2 )   (11 ) Other income, net of expenses         Lower other income, net of expenses       (1 ) Interest charges         Lower PSCR interest expense       2 Income taxes         Lower electric utility pre-tax earnings   8     Absence of 2018 income tax benefit associated with cost of removal 2   (7 )     Absence of 2018 research and development tax credits 2   (6 )   (5 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019       $ 105 1   Deliveries to end-use customers were 9.2 billion kWh in  2019  and  2018 . 2   See  Note 10, Income Taxes . Consumers Gas Utility Results of Operations For the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , Consumers gas utility’s  net income available to common stockholders  was  $121 million . This compares with  net income available to common stockholders  of  20 Table of Contents $103 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . In  2019 , higher net income was due primarily to increased sales attributable to weather and a rate increase, offset partially by costs associated with higher capital spending. Presented in the following table are the detailed changes to the gas utility’s  net income available to common stockholders  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 : In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018       $ 103 Reasons for the change         Gas deliveries 1  and rate increases         Rate increase, including the impacts of the September 2018 order   $ 23     Higher sales, due primarily to colder weather   23     Lower energy waste reduction program revenues   (8 )     Other revenues   1   $ 39 Maintenance and other operating expenses         Lower energy waste reduction program costs   8     Increased distribution and transmission expenses   (5 )     Higher other maintenance and operating expenses   (2 )   1 Depreciation and amortization         Increased plant in service, reflecting higher capital spending       (9 ) General taxes         Higher property tax, reflecting higher capital spending       (7 ) Other income, net of expenses         Higher other income, net of expenses       1 Interest charges       (2 ) Income taxes         Higher gas utility pre-tax earnings   (6 )     Lower other income taxes   1   (5 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019       $ 121 1   Deliveries to end-use customers were 142 bcf in  2019  and 133 bcf in  2018 . Enterprises Results of Operations Presented in the following table are the detailed changes to the enterprises segment’s  net income available to common stockholders  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 : In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018       $ 15 Reason for the change         Lower earnings due primarily to lower capacity revenue and higher operating and maintenance costs       $ (14 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019       $ 1 21 Table of Contents Corporate Interest and Other Results of Operations Presented in the following table are the detailed after-tax changes to corporate interest and other results for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 : In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018       $ (16 ) Reasons for the change         Increased income tax benefit due primarily to production tax credits       $ 3 Higher earnings at EnerBank       2 Higher fixed charges due to higher debt       (3 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019       $ (14 ) Cash Position, Investing, and Financing At  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy had  $267 million  of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, which included  $33 million  of restricted cash and cash equivalents. At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had  $64 million  of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, which included  $27 million  of restricted cash and cash equivalents. For additional details, see  Note 13, Cash and Cash Equivalents . Operating Activities Presented in the following table are specific components of  net cash provided by operating activities  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 :  In Millions   CMS Energy, including Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ 708 Reasons for the change     Lower net income   $ (28 ) Non-cash transactions 1   31 Unfavorable impact of changes in core working capital, 2  due primarily to an increase in gas deliveries and the timing of collections on those deliveries   (84 ) Unfavorable impact of changes in other assets and liabilities, due primarily to refunds to customers related to the TCJA, offset partially by timing of interest payments on long-term debt   (10 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ 617 Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ 720 Reasons for the change     Lower net income   $ (16 ) Non-cash transactions 1   26 Unfavorable impact of changes in core working capital, 2  due primarily to an increase in gas deliveries and the timing of collections on those deliveries   (78 ) Unfavorable impact of changes in other assets and liabilities, due primarily to refunds to customers related to the TCJA, offset partially by timing of interest payments on long-term debt   (33 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ 619 22 Table of Contents 1   Non-cash transactions comprise depreciation and amortization, changes in deferred income taxes, and other non-cash operating activities and reconciling adjustments. 2   Core working capital comprises accounts receivable, notes receivable, accrued revenue, inventories, accounts payable, and accrued rate refunds. Investing Activities Presented in the following table are specific components of the changes to  net cash used in investing activities  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  versus  2018 :  In Millions   CMS Energy, including Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ (456 ) Reasons for the change     Higher capital expenditures   $ (59 ) Changes in EnerBank notes receivable, reflecting growth in consumer lending   (41 ) Purchase of notes receivable by EnerBank in 2019   (121 ) Other investing activities, primarily lower costs to retire property   2 Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ (675 ) Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ (444 ) Reasons for the change     Higher capital expenditures   $ (62 ) Other investing activities, primarily lower costs to retire property   4 Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ (502 ) 23 Table of Contents Financing Activities Presented in the following table are specific components of  net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and  2018 :  In Millions   CMS Energy, including Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ (229 ) Reasons for the change     Higher debt issuances   $ 743 Higher debt retirements   (610 ) Changes in EnerBank certificates of deposit, reflecting higher borrowings   160 Lower repayments under Consumers’ commercial paper program   103 Higher payments of dividends on common stock   (7 ) Other financing activities, primarily higher debt issuance costs   (10 ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ 150 Consumers     Three Months Ended March 31, 2018   $ (195 ) Reasons for the change     Higher debt retirements   $ (215 ) Lower repayments under Consumers’ commercial paper program   103 Higher stockholder contribution from CMS Energy   250 Higher payments of dividends on common stock   (53 ) Other financing activities   1 Three Months Ended March 31, 2019   $ (109 ) Capital Resources and Liquidity CMS Energy uses dividends and tax‑sharing payments from its subsidiaries and external financing and capital transactions to invest in its utility and non‑utility businesses, retire debt, pay dividends, and fund its other obligations. The ability of CMS Energy’s subsidiaries, including Consumers, to pay dividends to CMS Energy depends upon each subsidiary’s revenues, earnings, cash needs, and other factors. In addition, Consumers’ ability to pay dividends is restricted by certain terms included in its debt covenants and articles of incorporation and potentially by FERC requirements and provisions under the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act. For additional details on Consumers’ dividend restrictions, see  Note 4, Financings and Capitalization—Dividend Restrictions .  For the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , Consumers paid  $172 million  in dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy. As a result of a provision in the TCJA, CMS Energy is required to recover all alternative minimum tax credits over four years through offsets of regular tax and through cash refunds. CMS Energy expects to be able to offset regular tax through the use of federal net operating loss carryforwards and, accordingly, receive alternative minimum tax credit refunds through 2021. Another provision in the TCJA excludes rate‑regulated utilities from 100 percent cost expensing of certain property. This provision will cause Consumers to make higher tax‑sharing payments to CMS Energy, which in turn might permit CMS Energy to maintain lower levels of debt in order to invest in its businesses, pay dividends, and fund its general obligations. Consumers expects to have sufficient funding sources available to issue credits to customers for all impacts of the TCJA. 24 Table of Contents In 2018, CMS Energy entered into an equity offering program under which it may sell, from time to time, shares of CMS Energy common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to  $250 million .  Under this program, CMS Energy may sell its common stock in privately negotiated transactions, in “at the market” offerings, through forward sales transactions or otherwise. As of  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy had entered into forward sales contracts having an aggregate sales price of  $ 250 million .  These contracts allow CMS Energy to either physically settle the contracts by issuing shares of its common stock at the then‑applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or net settle the contracts through the delivery or receipt of cash or shares.  CMS Energy may settle the contracts at any time through their maturity dates, and presently intends to physically settle the contracts by delivering shares of its common stock.  For more information on the forward sale contracts, see  Note 4, Financings and Capitalization . Consumers uses cash flows generated from operations and external financing transactions, as well as stockholder contributions from CMS Energy, to fund capital expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, contribute to its employee benefit plans, and fund its other obligations. Accelerated pension funding in prior years and several initiatives to reduce costs have helped improve cash flows from operating activities. Consumers anticipates continued strong cash flows from operating activities for  2019  and beyond. Access to the financial and capital markets depends on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ credit ratings and on market conditions. As evidenced by past financing transactions, CMS Energy and Consumers have had ready access to these markets. Barring major market dislocations or disruptions, CMS Energy and Consumers expect to continue to have ready access to the financial and capital markets. If access to these markets were to diminish or otherwise become restricted, CMS Energy and Consumers would implement contingency plans to address debt maturities, which could include reduced capital spending. At  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy had  $546 million  of its revolving credit facility available and Consumers had  $1,078 million  available under its revolving credit facilities. CMS Energy and Consumers use these credit facilities for general working capital purposes and to issue letters of credit. An additional source of liquidity is  Consumers’ commercial paper program , which allows Consumers to  issue, in one or more placements ,  up to  $500 million  in the aggregate in commercial paper notes  with maturities of up to 365 days and that bear interest at fixed or floating rates. These issuances are supported by Consumers’ revolving credit facilities .  While the amount of outstanding commercial paper does not reduce the available capacity of the revolving credit facilities, Consumers does not intend to issue commercial paper in an amount exceeding the available capacity of the facilities.  At  March 31, 2019 ,  $30 million  of commercial paper notes were outstanding under this program.  For additional details on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, see  Note 4, Financings and Capitalization . Certain of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ credit agreements, debt indentures, and other facilities contain covenants that require CMS Energy and Consumers to maintain certain financial ratios, as defined therein. At  March 31, 2019 , no default had occurred with respect to any financial covenants contained in CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ credit agreements, debt indentures, or other facilities. CMS Energy and Consumers were each in compliance with these covenants as of  March 31, 2019 , as presented in the following table:   March 31, 2019 Credit Agreement, Indenture, or Facility Limit  Actual  CMS Energy, parent only       Debt to EBITDA 1 < 6.25 to 1.0 4.4 to 1.0 Consumers       Debt to Capital 2 < 0.65 to 1.0 0.47 to 1.0 25 Table of Contents 1   Applies to CMS Energy’s  $550 million  revolving credit agreement. 2   Applies to Consumers’  $850 million  and  $250 million  revolving credit agreements and its $35 million and  $30 million  reimbursement agreements. Components of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ cash management plan include controlling operating expenses and capital expenditures and evaluating market conditions for financing and refinancing opportunities. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ present level of cash and expected cash flows from operating activities, together with access to sources of liquidity, are anticipated to be sufficient to fund the companies’ contractual obligations for  2019  and beyond. Off‑Balance‑Sheet Arrangements CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their subsidiaries enter into various arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. These arrangements include indemnities, surety bonds, letters of credit, and financial and performance guarantees. Indemnities are usually agreements to reimburse a counterparty that may incur losses due to outside claims or breach of contract terms. The maximum payment that could be required under a number of these indemnity obligations is not estimable; the maximum obligation under indemnities for which such amounts were estimable was  $153 million  at  March 31, 2019 . While CMS Energy and Consumers believe it is unlikely that they will incur any material losses related to indemnities they have not recorded as liabilities, they cannot predict the impact of these contingent obligations on their liquidity and financial condition. For additional details on these and other guarantee arrangements, see  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments—Guarantees . Outlook Several business trends and uncertainties may affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial condition and results of operations. These trends and uncertainties could have a material impact on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position. For additional details regarding these and other uncertainties, see  Forward-Looking Statements and Information ;  Note 2, Regulatory Matters ;  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments ; and  Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors . Consumers Electric Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Energy Resource Planning:  While Consumers continues to experience modest growth in demand for electricity due to Michigan’s growing economy and increased use of air conditioning, consumer electronics, and other electric devices, it expects that increase in demand to be offset by the effects of energy efficiency and conservation.  In June 2018, Consumers filed an IRP with the MPSC  detailing its long‑term strategy for delivering reliable and affordable energy to its customers through the increased use of energy efficiency and customer demand management programs and additional renewable energy. In March 2019, Consumers and a broad coalition of key stakeholders, including the MPSC Staff and the Michigan Attorney General, filed a settlement agreement with the MPSC resolving Consumers’ IRP.  In April 2019, two parties filed objections to the settlement agreement. The MPSC has commenced a contested settlement proceeding to determine whether the agreement is reasonable and in the public interest, and will either approve or reject the settlement by June 10, 2019.   26 Table of Contents The settlement agreement allows Consumers to  reduce carbon emissions by more than 90 percent by 2040  and eliminate the use of coal to generate electricity by 2040. Specifically, the parties agreed to: • the retirement of two coal‑fueled generating units, totaling 515 MW, in 2023 • the continued assessment in future IRP filings concerning the retirement of two coal‑fueled generating units, totaling 608 MW The settlement agreement provides that Consumers will replace the capacity to be retired with: • increased demand response programs • increased energy efficiency • increased renewable energy generation • conservation voltage reduction  The settlement agreement requires that Consumers competitively bid new capacity, and that at least 50 percent of the new capacity be built and owned by third parties; the remainder will be owned and operated by Consumers. In accordance with the 2016 Energy Law, the parties to the IRP settlement agreement also agreed to enable Consumers to earn a financial incentive on PPAs approved by the MPSC after January 1, 2019. The settlement agreement also allows for recovery of significant increases in demand response costs and requires that Consumers file a new IRP by June 2021. PURPA:  PURPA requires Consumers to purchase power from qualifying cogeneration and small power production facilities at a price approved by the MPSC that is meant to represent Consumers’ “avoided cost” of generating power or purchasing power from another source. In November 2017, the MPSC issued an order establishing a new avoided‑cost methodology for determining the price that Consumers must pay to purchase power under PURPA. Among other things, the MPSC’s order changes the basis of Consumers’ avoided cost from the cost of coal‑fueled generating units to that of natural gas‑fueled generating units. The MPSC order also assigns more capacity value to qualifying facilities that are consistently able to generate electricity during peak times. Although the costs Consumers incurs to purchase power from qualifying facilities are passed on to customers, the order could result in mandated purchases of generation, potentially at above‑market prices, and reduce Consumers’ need for new owned generation. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on Consumers’ capital investment plan and the affordability of future customer rates. In December 2017, Consumers filed a petition with the MPSC requesting corrections to the pricing calculations and capacity purchase model set in the order. Subsequently, the MPSC suspended the implementation of the order and reopened the proceeding. In February 2018, the MPSC issued an order limiting Consumers’ obligation to pay the full avoided capacity cost, which is based on the cost of a natural gas combustion turbine under the new avoided‑cost formula, to existing qualifying facilities upon the expiration of outstanding contracts and to the first 150 MW of new generation projects that qualify under PURPA. In October 2018, the MPSC issued an order lifting the suspension on the November 2017 order and thereby making effective the avoided‑cost formula set at that time. According to the October 2018 order, the use of the full avoided‑cost formula is still limited to outstanding contracts that expire and the first 150 MW of new qualifying generation projects. The October 2018 order also provides that all other qualifying generation projects that establish a legally enforceable obligation are eligible to receive a capacity payment equal to the MISO planning resource auction price and a designated energy price approved in the MPSC’s October order. The MPSC also ruled that the determination of Consumers’ future capacity needs shall take place in the IRP proceeding that Consumers filed in June 2018. Consumers filed a complaint with the MPSC challenging the rates approved in the October 2018 order.  Two developers representing approximately 2,000 MW of qualifying generation projects have filed  27 Table of Contents complaints with the MPSC claiming that their projects have legally enforceable obligations making them eligible for the avoided cost rates approved in the October 2018 order. In the IRP settlement agreement filed with the MPSC, Consumers and other stakeholders agreed to a new method of calculating avoided cost, based on a competitive bidding process that will enable Consumers to purchase energy from new generation at the lowest cost and mitigate the risk of forced purchases of unneeded renewable generation. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these matters.     Renewable Energy Plan:  The 2016 Energy Law  raised the renewable energy standard from the present ten‑percent requirement to   15 percent  in  2021 , with an interim target of  12.5 percent  in  2019 . Consumers is required to submit RECs, which represent proof that the associated electricity was generated from a renewable energy resource, in an amount equal to at least the required percentage of Consumers’ electric sales volume each year. Under its renewable energy plan, Consumers expects to meet its renewable energy requirement each year with a combination of newly generated RECs and previously generated RECs carried over from prior years. In conjunction with its renewable energy plan, Consumers began construction in 2017 of Cross Winds ®   Energy Park Phase III, with a planned nameplate capacity of 76 MW, and expects it to be operational in 2020. This project is expected to qualify for certain federal production tax credits, generating cost savings that will be passed on to customers.  In February 2019, the MPSC issued an order ruling on amendments Consumers had requested to its renewable energy plan. The MPSC approved the acquisition of up to 525 MW of new wind generation projects, but ruled that Consumers’ request to acquire up to 100 MW of new solar generation will be addressed in a separate proceeding. The MPSC also approved an agreement under which Consumers will purchase a wind generation project under development, with capacity of up to 150 MW, in Gratiot County, Michigan. Consumers expects to begin construction of this project in September 2019 and that it will be complete and operational in 2020.  In June 2018, Consumers issued a request for proposals to acquire up to 400 MW of wind generation projects ranging in size from 75 MW to 200 MW and up to 100 MW of solar generation projects at least 10 MW in size. The projects are required to be located in Michigan and operational by 2021. Negotiations are in progress with several bidders. Any contracts entered into as a result of the request for proposals would be subject to MPSC approval. Electric Customer Deliveries and Revenue:  Consumers’ electric customer deliveries are seasonal and largely dependent on Michigan’s economy. The consumption of electric energy typically increases in the summer months, due primarily to the use of air conditioners and other cooling equipment. In addition, Consumers’ electric rates, which follow a seasonal rate design, are higher in the summer months than in the remaining months of the year. Consumers expects weather‑normalized electric deliveries over the next five years to  remain stable  relative to  2018 . This outlook reflects  modest growth in electric demand offset by the effects of energy waste reduction programs  and appliance efficiency standards. Actual delivery levels will depend on: • energy conservation measures and results of energy waste reduction programs • weather fluctuations • Michigan’s economic conditions, including utilization, expansion, or contraction of manufacturing facilities, population trends, and housing activity Electric ROA:  Michigan law allows electric customers in Consumers’ service territory to buy electric generation service from alternative electric suppliers in an aggregate amount capped at ten percent, with  28 Table of Contents certain exceptions, of Consumers’ weather‑normalized retail sales of the preceding calendar year. At  March 31, 2019 , electric deliveries under the ROA program were at the ten‑percent limit. Of Consumers’ 1.8 million electric customers, 286 customers, or 0.02 percent, purchased electric generation service under the ROA program. The 2016 Energy Law established a path to ensure that forward capacity is secured for all electric customers in Michigan, including customers served by alternative electric suppliers under ROA. The new law also authorized the MPSC to ensure that alternative electric suppliers have procured enough capacity to cover their anticipated capacity requirements for the four‑year forward period. In 2017, the MPSC issued an order establishing a state reliability mechanism for Consumers. Under this mechanism, beginning June 1, 2018, if an alternative electric supplier does not demonstrate that it has procured its capacity requirements for the four‑year forward period, its customers will pay a set charge to the utility for capacity that is not provided by the alternative electric supplier. All alternative electric suppliers have demonstrated that they have procured their capacity requirements through the MISO planning year beginning June 1, 2022. In June 2018, the MPSC issued an order requiring all electric suppliers to demonstrate that a portion of the capacity procured to serve customers during peak demand times is located in the MISO footprint in Michigan’s Lower Peninsula. In July 2018, the Michigan Court of Appeals issued a decision that the MPSC does not have statutory authority to implement such a requirement for alternative electric suppliers. Consumers believes the 2016 Energy Law does give such authorization to the MPSC. The MPSC and Consumers have filed applications for leave to appeal the Court of Appeals’ decision to the Michigan Supreme Court. The Michigan Supreme Court has discretion on whether to grant the applications for leave to appeal.  Electric Rate Matters:  Rate matters are critical to Consumers’ electric utility business. For additional details on rate matters, see  Note 2, Regulatory Matters . Electric Environmental Outlook :  Consumers’ operations are subject to various state and federal environmental laws and regulations. Consumers estimates that it will incur capital expenditures of $0.3 billion from  2019  through  2023  to continue to comply with RCRA, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and numerous state and federal environmental regulations. Consumers expects to recover these costs in customer rates, but cannot guarantee this result. Consumers’ primary environmental compliance focus includes, but is not limited to, the following matters. Air Quality:  Multiple air quality regulations apply, or may apply, to Consumers. CSAPR, which became effective in 2015, requires Michigan and many other states to improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that, according to EPA computer models, contribute to ground‑level ozone and fine particle pollution in other downwind states. In 2016, the EPA finalized new ozone season standards for CSAPR, which became effective in 2017. CSAPR is presently being litigated; however, any decision will not impact Consumers’ compliance strategy, as Consumers expects its emissions to be within the CSAPR allowance allocations. In 2012, the EPA published emission standards for electric generating units, based on Section 112 of the Clean Air Act, known as MATS. Under MATS, all of Consumers’ existing coal‑fueled electric generating units were required to add additional controls for hazardous air pollutants. Consumers met the extended deadline of April 2016 for five coal‑fueled units and two oil/gas‑fueled units it continues to operate and retired its  seven  remaining coal‑fueled units. MATS is presently being litigated. In addition, in December 2018, the EPA proposed changes to the supporting analysis used to justify MATS, but did not propose any changes to the MATS regulations. Any changes resulting from that litigation or rulemaking are not expected to impact Consumers’ MATS compliance strategy because Consumers is still required to  29 Table of Contents comply with the Michigan Mercury Rule, which has similar requirements to MATS. In addition, Consumers must comply with its settlement agreement with the EPA entered into in 2014 concerning opacity and NSR. In 2015, the EPA released its new rule to lower the NAAQS for ozone.  The new ozone NAAQS will make it more difficult to construct or modify power plants in areas of the country that have not met the new ozone standard.  In April 2018, the EPA designated certain areas of Michigan as not meeting the new standard with an August 2018 effective date.  None of Consumers’ fossil‑fuel‑fired generating units are located in these areas. Some of Consumers’ compressor stations are located in areas impacted by the rule, but Consumers expects only minor permitting impacts if those units are modified in the future. The NAAQS for ozone are presently being litigated. Consumers does not expect that any decision will have a material adverse impact on its generating assets. Consumers’ strategy to comply with air quality regulations, including CSAPR, NAAQS, and MATS, as well as its legal obligations, involved the installation and operation of emission control equipment at some facilities and the suspension of operations at others; however, Consumers continues to evaluate these rules in conjunction with other EPA and MDEQ rulemakings, litigation, and congressional action. This evaluation could result in: • a change in Consumers’ fuel mix • changes in the types of generating units Consumers may purchase or build in the future • changes in how certain units are used • the retirement, mothballing, or repowering with an alternative fuel of some of Consumers’ generating units • changes in Consumers’ environmental compliance costs Greenhouse Gases:  There have been numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives at the state, regional, national, and international levels that involve the potential regulation of greenhouse gases. Consumers continues to monitor and comment on these initiatives and to follow litigation involving greenhouse gases. In 2015, the EPA finalized new rules pursuant to Section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions from new electric generating units, as well as modified or reconstructed electric generating units. New coal‑fueled units would not be able to meet this limit without installing carbon dioxide control equipment using such methods as carbon capture and sequestration. These rules are being litigated. In December 2018, the EPA proposed a revised Section 111(b) regulation to replace the 2015 standard rule limiting carbon dioxide emissions from new electric generating units, citing limited availability and high costs of carbon capture and sequestration equipment as reasons to change the 2015 rule. The revised Section 111(b) regulation requires new coal‑fueled generating units to meet a highly efficient steam cycle performance standard. Consumers does not expect this proposal to change its existing environmental strategy. Also in 2015, the EPA published final rules pursuant to Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing electric generating units, calling the rules the “Clean Power Plan.” The rules required a 32‑percent nationwide reduction in carbon emissions from existing power plants by 2030 (based on 2005 levels). States choosing not to develop their own implementation plans would be subject to the federal plan. Certain states, corporations, and industry groups initiated litigation opposing the proposed Clean Power Plan, and in 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the Clean Power Plan while the litigation proceeded. In March 2017, the EPA and other federal agencies were directed to review the Clean Power Plan, among other proposed or final rules. The EPA subsequently filed motions to hold the  30 Table of Contents Section 111(b) and Clean Power Plan litigation in abeyance while it reconsidered the rules. In October 2017, the EPA published a proposal to repeal the Clean Power Plan and is reviewing comments received. In August 2018, the EPA proposed the “Affordable Clean Energy” rule as a replacement for the EPA’s 2015 Clean Power Plan, which the U.S. Supreme Court stayed in 2016. This proposed rule requires individual states to evaluate fossil fuel‑fired power plants for heat‑rate improvements that could increase overall plant efficiency. There is also a proposal to modify the Clean Air Act permitting requirements to promote these efficiency projects. The EPA believes it will finalize the Affordable Clean Energy rule in 2019. Consumers does not expect that the Affordable Clean Energy rule will have an adverse impact on its environmental strategy. In 2015, a group of 195 countries, including the U.S., finalized the Paris Agreement, which governs carbon dioxide reduction measures beginning in 2020. Although the U.S. subsequently withdrew from the Paris Agreement, it has stated a desire to renegotiate a new agreement in the future. At this time, Consumers does not expect any adverse changes to its environmental strategy as a result of these events. While Consumers cannot predict the outcome of changes in U.S. policy or of other legislative or regulatory initiatives involving the potential regulation of greenhouse gases, it intends to continue to move forward with its clean energy plan, its present carbon reduction goal, and its emphasis on supply diversity. Consumers will continue to monitor regulatory and legislative activity and related litigation regarding greenhouse gas emissions standards that may affect electric generating units. Severe weather events and climate change associated with increasing levels of greenhouse gases could affect the companies’ facilities and energy sales and could have a material impact on the companies’ future results of operations. Consumers is unable to predict these events or their financial impact; however, Consumers plans for adverse weather and takes steps to reduce its potential impact. Litigation, international treaties, federal laws and regulations (including regulations by the EPA), and state laws and regulations, if enacted or ratified, could ultimately require Consumers to replace equipment, install additional emission control equipment, purchase emission allowances, curtail operations, arrange for alternative sources of supply, mothball or retire facilities that generate certain emissions, or take other steps to manage or lower the emission of greenhouse gases. Although associated capital or operating costs relating to greenhouse gas regulation or legislation could be material and cost recovery cannot be assured, Consumers expects to recover these costs and capital expenditures in rates consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations. CCRs:  In 2015, the EPA published a final rule regulating CCRs, such as coal ash, under RCRA. The final rule adopts minimum standards for beneficially reusing and disposing of non‑hazardous CCRs. The rule establishes new minimum requirements for site location, groundwater monitoring, flood protection, storm water design, fugitive dust control, and public disclosure of information, including any groundwater protection standard exceedances. The rule also sets out conditions under which CCR units would be forced to cease receiving CCR and non‑CCR waste and initiate closure based on the inability to achieve minimum safety standards, meet a location standard, or meet minimum groundwater standards. Consumers has aligned with state regulatory authorities on closure plans for each of its unlined ash ponds to ensure coordination between federal and state requirements. Work has already been completed to close some existing ash ponds and replace them with double‑lined ash ponds or concrete tanks.  Furthermore, Congress passed legislation in 2016 that allows participating states to develop permitting programs for CCRs under RCRA. In July 2018, the EPA published preliminary rulemaking that was intended to amend the 2015 final rule. The rulemaking did not change Consumers’ compliance strategy, but demonstrated the EPA’s willingness to allow states to incorporate flexibility into their permitting  31 Table of Contents processes. Consumers is waiting for the EPA to promulgate a final rule. In December 2018, Michigan adopted a permitting program, which would still require the EPA’s authorization. The MDEQ is presently working on an application requesting such authorization for the Michigan permitting program. Federal rulemaking delays also have the potential to delay EPA approval of the Michigan permitting program. Consumers may need to adjust its recorded ARO associated with coal ash disposal sites depending on the outcome of its submissions to the MDEQ and on the RCRA permitting program under the MDEQ, if the EPA approves a state‑level program. Consumers has historically been authorized to recover in electric rates costs related to coal ash disposal sites. Water:  The EPA’s rule to regulate the cooling water intake systems of existing electric generating plants under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act became effective in 2014. The rule is aimed at reducing alleged harmful impacts on fish and shellfish. In April 2018, Consumers submitted to the MDEQ for review and approval all required studies and recommended plans to comply with Section 316(b). In 2015, the EPA released its final effluent limitation guidelines. These guidelines, which are presently being litigated, set stringent new requirements for the discharge from electric generating units into wastewater streams. In August 2017, the EPA announced that it will undertake a rulemaking to replace specific portions of the rule. In September 2017, the EPA proposed delaying the compliance start dates for two years, but maintained the compliance end dates. Consumers expects that additional rulemaking will begin in 2019 and likely conclude in 2020. Consumers does not expect any adverse changes to its environmental strategy as a result of any revisions to the rule. In 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers published a final rule redefining “waters of the United States,” which defines the scope of the EPA’s jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. Numerous states and other interested parties have filed suits in federal courts to block the rule, which subsequently was stayed in 2015 while litigation ensued. In January 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled that the federal district courts, not the federal appellate courts, had jurisdiction over challenges to the 2015 rule. Consequently, in February 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit lifted the stay of the rule. The EPA has published a notice, called the Applicability Rule, that prevents the 2015 rule from going into effect until February 2020 in an attempt to maintain consistency and provide certainty for regulated entities while the agencies continue to consider possible revisions to the 2015 rule. In August 2018, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina set aside the Applicability Rule nationally and, as a result, the 2015 rule again went into effect in 22 states, including Michigan. In December 2018, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers released a proposed rule re‑defining the term “waters of the United States” under the Clean Water Act. In 2015, the EPA under President Obama approved a rule expanding the definition, particularly with respect to tributaries, adjacent waters, and wetlands. The EPA’s recently proposed rule narrows the definition of jurisdictional waters.  The 2015 and 2018 rules change the scope of water and wetlands regulations for the EPA under the Clean Water Act. The EPA has delegated authority to manage the Michigan wetlands program to the MDEQ. As a result, regardless of the 2015 and 2018 rules’ ultimate outcome, Consumers expects to continue to operate under Michigan’s wetlands regulations, and under the applicable state and federal water jurisdictional regulations. Thus, Consumers does not expect any adverse changes to its environmental strategy as a result of these events. Many of Consumers’ facilities maintain NPDES permits, which are renewed every five years and are vital to the facilities’ operations. Failure of the MDEQ to renew any NPDES permit, a successful appeal against a permit, or onerous terms contained in a permit could have a significant detrimental effect on the operations of a facility. 32 Table of Contents Other Matters:  Other electric environmental matters could have a material impact on Consumers’ outlook. For additional details on other electric environmental matters, see  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments—Consumers Electric Utility Contingencies—Electric Environmental Matters . Consumers Gas Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Gas Deliveries:  Consumers’ gas customer deliveries are seasonal. The peak demand for natural gas typically occurs in the winter due to colder temperatures and the resulting use of natural gas as heating fuel. Consumers expects weather‑normalized gas deliveries over the next five years to  increase slightly  relative to 2018. This outlook reflects  modest growth in gas demand offset partially by  the predicted effects of  energy efficiency and conservation . Actual delivery levels from year to year may vary from this expectation due to: • weather fluctuations • use by power producers • availability and development of renewable energy sources • gas price changes • Michigan economic conditions, including population trends and housing activity • the price of competing energy sources or fuels • energy efficiency and conservation impacts Gas Rate Matters:  Rate matters are critical to Consumers’ gas utility business. For additional details on rate matters, see  Note 2, Regulatory Matters . Gas Rate Case:  In November 2018, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $229 million, based on a 10.75 percent authorized return on equity.   The filing requests authority to recover new infrastructure investment and related costs that will allow Consumers to improve system safety, capacity, and deliverability. Presented in the following table are the components of the requested increase in revenue: In Millions   Components of the requested rate increase     Investment in rate base   $ 136 Operating and maintenance cost   81 Cost of capital   29 Working capital   11 Gross margin   (28 ) Total   $ 229 The filing also seeks approval of two rate adjustment mechanisms: a revenue decoupling mechanism and an investment recovery mechanism. The revenue decoupling mechanism would annually reconcile Consumers’ actual weather‑normalized non‑fuel revenues with the revenues approved by the MPSC. The investment recovery mechanism would provide for additional annual rate increases of $11 million beginning in October 2020 and another $11 million beginning in October 2021 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation. These future investments are intended to help ensure adequate system capacity and deliverability.  Gas Pipeline and Storage Integrity and Safety:  In 2016, PHMSA published a notice of proposed rulemaking that would expand federal safety standards for gas transmission pipelines. The rule could cause Consumers to incur increased capital costs to install and remediate pipelines as well as operating  33 Table of Contents and maintenance costs to expand inspections, maintenance, and monitoring of its existing pipelines. PHMSA expects to publish a final rule in 2019. Also in 2016, PHMSA published an interim final rule that established minimum federal safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities. As published, the rule could cause Consumers to incur increased capital and operating and maintenance costs to expand inspections, maintenance, and monitoring of its underground gas storage facilities. PHMSA expects to publish a final rule in 2019. Although associated capital or operating and maintenance costs relating to these regulations could be material and cost recovery cannot be assured, Consumers would expect to recover such costs and capital expenditures in rates consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with laws and regulations. Consumers will continue to monitor gas safety regulations. Gas Environmental Outlook:  Consumers expects to incur response activity costs at a number of sites, including  23  former MGP  sites. For additional details, see  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments—Consumers Gas Utility Contingencies—Gas Environmental Matters . Consumers Electric Utility and Gas Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Energy Waste Reduction Plan:  The 2016 Energy Law  authorized incentives for demand response programs and expanded existing incentives for energy efficiency programs, referring to the combined initiatives as energy waste reduction programs . The 2016 Energy Law: • extended the requirement to achieve annual reductions of 1.0 percent in customers’ electricity use through 2021 and 0.75 percent in customers’ natural gas use indefinitely • removed limits on investments under the program and provided for a higher return on those investments; together, these provisions effectively doubled the financial incentives Consumers may earn for exceeding the statutory targets • established a goal of 35 percent combined renewable energy and energy waste reduction by 2025   Under its energy waste reduction plan, Consumers provides its customers with incentives to reduce usage by offering energy audits, rebates and discounts on purchases of highly efficient appliances, and other incentives and programs. Enterprises Outlook and Uncertainties CMS Energy’s primary focus with respect to its enterprises businesses is to maximize the value of generating assets, its share of which represents 1,234 MW of capacity, and to pursue opportunities for the development of renewable generation projects. The enterprises segment’s assets may be affected by environmental laws and regulations.  The new ozone NAAQS will make it more difficult to construct or modify power plants in areas of the country that have not met the new ozone standard.  In April 2018, the EPA designated certain areas of Michigan as not meeting the new standard with an August 2018 effective date.  The enterprises segment’s DIG plant located in Dearborn, Michigan is in one such area and, as a result, would be subject to additional permitting restrictions in the event of any future modifications. For additional details regarding the new ozone NAAQS, see  Consumers Electric Utility Outlook and Uncertainties—Electric Environmental Outlook . 34 Table of Contents Trends, uncertainties, and other matters related to the enterprises segment that could have a material impact on CMS Energy’s consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position include: • investment in and financial benefits received from renewable energy and energy storage projects • changes in energy and capacity prices • changes in commodity prices and interest rates on certain derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting and must be marked to market through earnings • changes in various environmental laws, regulations, principles, or practices, or in their interpretation • the outcome of certain legal proceedings, including gas price reporting litigation • indemnity and environmental remediation obligations at Bay Harbor, including an inability to renew an NPDES permit in 2020 • obligations related to a tax claim from the government of Equatorial Guinea • representations, warranties, and indemnities provided by CMS Energy in connection with previous sales of assets For additional details regarding the enterprises segment’s uncertainties, see  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments . Other Outlook and Uncertainties EnerBank:  EnerBank is a Utah state‑chartered, FDIC‑insured industrial bank  providing primarily unsecured consumer installment loans for financing home improvements . EnerBank represented  five percent  of CMS Energy’s net assets at  March 31, 2019  and  five percent  of CMS Energy’s  net income available to common stockholders  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019 . The carrying value of EnerBank’s loan portfolio was  $2.0 billion  at  March 31, 2019 . Its loan portfolio was funded primarily by certificates of deposit of  $1.9 billion . The 12‑month rolling average net default rate on loans held by EnerBank was  1.2 percent  at  March 31, 2019 . CMS Energy is required both by law and by contract to provide financial support, including infusing additional capital, to ensure that EnerBank satisfies mandated capital requirements and has sufficient liquidity to operate. With its self‑funding plan, EnerBank has exceeded these requirements historically and exceeded them as of  March 31, 2019 . Litigation:  CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their subsidiaries are named as parties in various litigation matters, as well as in administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies, arising in the ordinary course of business. For additional details regarding these and other legal matters, see  Note 2, Regulatory Matters  and  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments . New Accounting Standards For details regarding new accounting standards issued but not yet effective, see  Note 1, New Accounting Standards . 35 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Operating Revenue   $ 2,059   $ 1,953           Operating Expenses         Fuel for electric generation   142   132 Purchased and interchange power   378   382 Purchased power – related parties   18   19 Cost of gas sold   404   381 Maintenance and other operating expenses   354   310 Depreciation and amortization   298   279 General taxes   106   87 Total operating expenses   1,700   1,590           Operating Income   359   363           Other Income (Expense)         Interest income   1   2 Allowance for equity funds used during construction   2   1 Income (loss) from equity method investees   (1 )   3 Nonoperating retirement benefits, net   23   24 Other income   1   1 Other expense   (3 )   (2 ) Total other income   23   29           Interest Charges         Interest on long-term debt   106   100 Other interest expense   16   11 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (1 )   — Total interest charges   121   111           Income Before Income Taxes   261   281 Income Tax Expense   48   40           Net Income Available to Common Stockholders   $ 213   $ 241           Basic Earnings Per Average Common Share   $ 0.75   $ 0.86 Diluted Earnings Per Average Common Share   $ 0.75   $ 0.86 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 36 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Net Income   $ 213   $ 241           Retirement Benefits Liability         Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of $- for both periods   1   1 Amortization of prior service credit, net of tax of $- for both periods   (1 )   —           Investments         Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax of $- for both periods   —   (1 )           Derivatives         Unrealized loss on derivative instruments, net of tax of $- for both periods   (1 )   —           Other Comprehensive Loss   (1 )   —           Comprehensive Income   $ 212   $ 241 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 37 Table of Contents (This page intentionally left blank) 38 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Cash Flows from Operating Activities         Net income   $ 213   $ 241 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities         Depreciation and amortization   298   279 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit   43   37 Other non-cash operating activities and reconciling adjustments   16   10 Cash provided by (used in) changes in assets and liabilities         Accounts and notes receivable and accrued revenue   (61 )   7 Inventories   209   228 Accounts payable and accrued rate refunds   (89 )   (92 ) Other current and non-current assets and liabilities   (12 )   (2 ) Net cash provided by operating activities   617   708           Cash Flows from Investing Activities         Capital expenditures (excludes assets placed under finance lease)   (481 )   (422 ) Increase in EnerBank notes receivable   (46 )   (5 ) Purchase of notes receivable by EnerBank   (121 )   — Cost to retire property and other investing activities   (27 )   (29 ) Net cash used in investing activities   (675 )   (456 )           Cash Flows from Financing Activities         Proceeds from issuance of debt   993   250 Retirement of debt   (790 )   (180 ) Increase (decrease) in EnerBank certificates of deposit   151   (9 ) Decrease in notes payable   (67 )   (170 ) Issuance of common stock   3   3 Payment of dividends on common stock   (108 )   (101 ) Payment of finance lease obligations and other financing costs   (32 )   (22 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   150   (229 )           Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts   92   23 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, Beginning of Period   175   204           Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, End of Period   $ 267   $ 227           Other Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities         Non-cash transactions         Capital expenditures not paid   $ 99   $ 102 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 39 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) ASSETS In Millions     March 31 2019   December 31 2018   Current Assets         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 234   $ 153 Restricted cash and cash equivalents   33   21 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, less allowance of $20 in both periods   997   964 Notes receivable, less allowance of $26 in 2019 and $24 in 2018   250   233 Assets held for sale   39   — Accounts receivable – related parties   14   14 Accrued gas revenue   18   16 Inventories at average cost         Gas in underground storage   256   450 Materials and supplies   148   143 Generating plant fuel stock   38   57 Deferred property taxes   226   279 Regulatory assets   26   37 Prepayments and other current assets   97   101 Total current assets   2,376   2,468           Plant, Property, and Equipment         Plant, property, and equipment, gross   24,729   24,400 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization   7,236   7,037 Plant, property, and equipment, net   17,493   17,363 Construction work in progress   822   763 Total plant, property, and equipment   18,315   18,126           Other Non-current Assets         Regulatory assets   1,711   1,743 Accounts and notes receivable   1,791   1,645 Investments   62   69 Other   538   478 Total other non-current assets   4,102   3,935           Total Assets   $ 24,793   $ 24,529 40 Table of Contents LIABILITIES AND EQUITY In Millions     March 31 2019   December 31 2018   Current Liabilities         Current portion of long-term debt, finance leases, and other financing   $ 842   $ 996 Notes payable   30   97 Accounts payable   544   723 Accounts payable – related parties   6   10 Accrued rate refunds   25   4 Accrued interest   109   94 Accrued taxes   295   398 Regulatory liabilities   107   155 Other current liabilities   148   147 Total current liabilities   2,106   2,624           Non-current Liabilities         Long-term debt   11,105   10,615 Non-current portion of finance leases and other financing   91   69 Regulatory liabilities   3,736   3,681 Postretirement benefits   440   436 Asset retirement obligations   433   432 Deferred investment tax credit   98   99 Deferred income taxes   1,544   1,487 Other non-current liabilities   345   294 Total non-current liabilities   17,792   17,113           Commitments and Contingencies  (Notes 2 and 3)               Equity         Common stockholders’ equity     Common stock, authorized 350.0 shares; outstanding 283.7 shares in 2019 and 283.4 shares in 2018   3   3 Other paid-in capital   5,087   5,088 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (66 )   (65 ) Accumulated deficit   (166 )   (271 ) Total common stockholders’ equity   4,858   4,755 Noncontrolling interests   37   37 Total equity   4,895   4,792           Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 24,793   $ 24,529 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 41 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Total Equity at Beginning of Period   $ 4,792   $ 4,478           Common Stock         At beginning and end of period   3   3           Other Paid-in Capital         At beginning of period   5,088   5,019 Common stock issued   7   8 Common stock repurchased   (8 )   (10 ) Common stock reissued   —   20 At end of period   5,087   5,037           Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss         At beginning of period   (65 )   (50 ) Retirement benefits liability     At beginning of period   (63 )   (50 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   (11 ) Amortization of net actuarial loss   1   1 Amortization of prior service credit   (1 )   — At end of period   (63 )   (60 ) Investments         At beginning of period   —   — Unrealized loss on investments   —   (1 ) At end of period   —   (1 ) Derivative instruments         At beginning of period   (2 )   — Unrealized loss on derivative instruments   (1 )   — At end of period   (3 )   — At end of period   (66 )   (61 )           Accumulated Deficit         At beginning of period   (271 )   (531 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   8 Net income attributable to CMS Energy   213   241 Dividends declared on common stock   (108 )   (101 ) At end of period   (166 )   (383 )           Noncontrolling Interests         At beginning and end of period   37   37           Total Equity at End of Period   $ 4,895   $ 4,633           Dividends Declared Per Common Share   $ 0.3825   $ 0.3575 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 42 Table of Contents (This page intentionally left blank) 43 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Operating Revenue   $ 1,943   $ 1,855           Operating Expenses         Fuel for electric generation   106   102 Purchased and interchange power   374   378 Purchased power – related parties   18   20 Cost of gas sold   401   377 Maintenance and other operating expenses   319   282 Depreciation and amortization   294   277 General taxes   103   85 Total operating expenses   1,615   1,521           Operating Income   328   334           Other Income (Expense)         Interest income   1   2 Interest and dividend income – related parties   1   — Allowance for equity funds used during construction   2   1 Nonoperating retirement benefits, net   21   22 Other income   1   1 Other expense   (3 )   (2 ) Total other income   23   24           Interest Charges         Interest on long-term debt   69   67 Other interest expense   3   5 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (1 )   — Total interest charges   71   72           Income Before Income Taxes   280   286 Income Tax Expense   54   44           Net Income Available to Common Stockholder   $ 226   $ 242 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 44 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Net Income   $ 226   $ 242           Retirement Benefits Liability         Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of $- for both periods   —   1           Investments         Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax of $- for both periods   —   (1 )           Other Comprehensive Income   —   —           Comprehensive Income   $ 226   $ 242 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 45 Table of Contents (This page intentionally left blank) 46 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31   2019   2018 Cash Flows from Operating Activities         Net income   $ 226   $ 242 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities         Depreciation and amortization   294   277 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit   17   3 Other non-cash operating activities and reconciling adjustments   2   7 Cash provided by (used in) changes in assets and liabilities         Accounts and notes receivable and accrued revenue   (59 )   5 Inventories   204   226 Accounts payable and accrued rate refunds   (80 )   (88 ) Other current and non-current assets and liabilities   15   48 Net cash provided by operating activities   619   720           Cash Flows from Investing Activities         Capital expenditures (excludes assets placed under finance lease)   (476 )   (414 ) Cost to retire property and other investing activities   (26 )   (30 ) Net cash used in investing activities   (502 )   (444 )           Cash Flows from Financing Activities         Retirement of debt   (215 )   — Decrease in notes payable   (67 )   (170 ) Stockholder contribution   350   100 Payment of dividends on common stock   (172 )   (119 ) Payment of finance lease obligations and other financing costs   (5 )   (6 ) Net cash used in financing activities   (109 )   (195 )           Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts   8   81 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, Beginning of Period   56   65           Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, End of Period   $ 64   $ 146           Other Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities         Non-cash transactions         Capital expenditures not paid   $ 85   $ 90 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 47 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) ASSETS In Millions     March 31 2019   December 31 2018   Current Assets         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 37   $ 39 Restricted cash and cash equivalents   27   17 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, less allowance of $20 in both periods   894   855 Assets held for sale   35   — Accounts and notes receivable – related parties   9   15 Accrued gas revenue   18   16 Inventories at average cost         Gas in underground storage   256   450 Materials and supplies   143   137 Generating plant fuel stock   37   52 Deferred property taxes   226   279 Regulatory assets   26   37 Prepayments and other current assets   86   83 Total current assets   1,794   1,980           Plant, Property, and Equipment         Plant, property, and equipment, gross   24,300   23,963 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization   7,156   6,958 Plant, property, and equipment, net   17,144   17,005 Construction work in progress   812   756 Total plant, property, and equipment   17,956   17,761           Other Non-current Assets         Regulatory assets   1,711   1,743 Accounts receivable   29   27 Accounts and notes receivable – related parties   104   104 Other   458   410 Total other non-current assets   2,302   2,284           Total Assets   $ 22,052   $ 22,025 48 Table of Contents LIABILITIES AND EQUITY In Millions     March 31 2019   December 31 2018   Current Liabilities         Current portion of long-term debt, finance leases, and other financing   $ 47   $ 48 Notes payable   30   97 Accounts payable   515   685 Accounts payable – related parties   11   14 Accrued rate refunds   25   4 Accrued interest   79   59 Accrued taxes   369   436 Regulatory liabilities   107   155 Other current liabilities   115   120 Total current liabilities   1,298   1,618           Non-current Liabilities         Long-term debt   6,565   6,779 Non-current portion of finance leases and other financing   91   69 Regulatory liabilities   3,736   3,681 Postretirement benefits   396   392 Asset retirement obligations   430   428 Deferred investment tax credit   98   99 Deferred income taxes   1,840   1,809 Other non-current liabilities   274   230 Total non-current liabilities   13,430   13,487           Commitments and Contingencies  (Notes 2 and 3)               Equity         Common stockholder’s equity         Common stock, authorized 125.0 shares; outstanding 84.1 shares in both periods   841   841 Other paid-in capital   5,049   4,699 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (21 )   (21 ) Retained earnings   1,418   1,364 Total common stockholder’s equity   7,287   6,883 Preferred stock   37   37 Total equity   7,324   6,920           Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 22,052   $ 22,025 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 49 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Total Equity at Beginning of Period   $ 6,920   $ 6,488           Common Stock         At beginning and end of period   841   841           Other Paid-in Capital         At beginning of period   4,699   4,449 Stockholder contribution   350   100 At end of period   5,049   4,549           Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss         At beginning of period   (21 )   (12 ) Retirement benefits liability         At beginning of period   (21 )   (24 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   (5 ) Amortization of net actuarial loss   —   1 At end of period   (21 )   (28 ) Investments         At beginning of period   —   12 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   (12 ) Unrealized loss on investments   —   (1 ) At end of period   —   (1 ) At end of period   (21 )   (29 )           Retained Earnings         At beginning of period   1,364   1,173 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   19 Net income   226   242 Dividends declared on common stock   (172 )   (119 ) At end of period   1,418   1,315           Preferred Stock         At beginning and end of period   37   37           Total Equity at End of Period   $ 7,324   $ 6,713 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 50 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consumers Energy Company Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   These interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared by CMS Energy and Consumers in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. As a result, CMS Energy and Consumers have condensed or omitted certain information and note disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. CMS Energy and Consumers have reclassified certain prior period amounts to conform to the presentation in the present period and to reflect the implementation of new accounting standards. CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make estimates using assumptions that may affect reported amounts and disclosures; actual results could differ from these estimates. In management’s opinion, the unaudited information contained in this report reflects all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary to ensure that CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented are fairly stated. The notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in the  2018  Form 10‑K. Due to the seasonal nature of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ operations, the results presented for this interim period are not necessarily indicative of results to be achieved for the fiscal year. 1 :     New Accounting Standards Implementation of New Accounting Standards ASU 2016‑02, Leases:  This standard, which was effective on January 1, 2019 for CMS Energy and Consumers, establishes a new accounting model for leases. The standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with a term of more than one year, including operating leases, which were not recorded on the balance sheet under previous standards. The new guidance also amends the definition of a lease to require that a lessee have the right to control the use of a specified asset, and not simply control or take the output of the asset. On the statement of income, operating leases are generally accounted for under a straight-line expense model, while finance leases, which were previously referred to as capital leases, are generally accounted for under a financing model. Consistent with the previous lease guidance, however, the standard allows rate-regulated utilities to recognize expense consistent with the timing of recovery in rates.  CMS Energy and Consumers elected to use certain practical expedients permitted by the standard, under which they were not required to perform lease assessments or reassessments for agreements existing on the effective date. They also elected a transition method under which they initially applied the standard on January 1, 2019, without adjusting amounts presented for prior periods. Under the standard, CMS Energy and Consumers recognized additional lease assets and liabilities on their consolidated balance sheets as of January 1, 2019 for their operating leases. In addition, in accordance with the standard, they have provided additional disclosures about their leases in  Note 8, Leases . The standard did not have any impact on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ consolidated net income or cash flows, and there was no cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to beginning retained earnings. New Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective ASU 2016‑13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments:  This standard, which will be effective January 1, 2020 for CMS Energy and Consumers, provides new guidance for estimating and  51 Table of Contents recording credit losses on financial instruments. The standard will apply to the recognition of loan losses at EnerBank as well as to the recognition of uncollectible accounts expense at Consumers. Entities will apply the standard using a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative‑effect adjustment recorded to beginning retained earnings on the effective date. CMS Energy and Consumers are evaluating the impact of the standard on their consolidated financial statements. 2 :     Regulatory Matters Regulatory matters are critical to Consumers. The Michigan Attorney General, ABATE, the MPSC Staff, and certain other parties typically participate in MPSC proceedings concerning Consumers, such as Consumers’ rate cases and PSCR and GCR processes. These parties often challenge various aspects of those proceedings, including the prudence of Consumers’ policies and practices, and seek cost disallowances and other relief. The parties also have appealed significant MPSC orders. Depending upon the specific issues, the outcomes of rate cases and proceedings, including judicial proceedings challenging MPSC orders or other actions, could negatively affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. There are multiple appeals pending that involve various issues concerning cost recovery from customers, the adequacy of the record evidence supporting the recovery of Smart Energy investments, and other matters. Consumers is unable to predict the outcome of these appeals. 2017 Electric Rate Case:  In June 2018, the MPSC issued an order authorizing an annual rate increase of  $72 million , based on a  10.0 percent  authorized return on equity. In July 2018, Consumers filed a reconciliation of total revenues collected from rates it self‑implemented in October 2017 to those that would have been collected under final rates. The reconciliation indicated that a  $36 million  refund would be required, which was recorded on Consumers’ consolidated balance sheets as a current regulatory liability at  March 31, 2019 .  2018 Electric Rate Case:   In May 2018, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of  $58 million , based on a  10.75 percent  authorized return on equity. The filing requested authority to recover new investment in system reliability, environmental compliance, and technology enhancements. In October 2018, Consumers reduced its requested annual rate increase to  $44 million . In January 2019, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement authorizing an annual rate decrease of  $24 million , based on a  10.0 percent  authorized return of equity. With the elimination of the  $113 million  TCJA credit to customer bills, the approved settlement agreement results in an  $89 million  net increase in annual rates. The settlement agreement also provides for deferred accounting treatment for distribution‑related capital investments exceeding certain amounts. Consumers also agreed to not file a new electric rate case prior to January 2020.   Tax Cuts and Jobs Act:   The TCJA, which changed existing federal tax law and included numerous provisions that affect businesses, was signed into law in December 2017.  In early 2018, the MPSC ordered Consumers to file various proceedings to determine the reduction in its electric and gas revenue requirements as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, and to implement bill credits to reflect that reduction until customer rates could be adjusted through Consumers’ general rate cases. Consumers filed, and the MPSC approved, such proceedings throughout 2018, resulting in credits to customer bills during 2018 to reflect reductions in Consumers’ electric and gas revenue requirements.   Consumers filed additional proceedings to address amounts collected from customers during 2018 prior to the implementation of bill credits. In late 2018, the MPSC approved the refund of  $31 million  to gas customers over six months beginning in December 2018 and the refund of  $70 million  to electric  52 Table of Contents customers over six months beginning in January 2019. Consumers had a recorded current regulatory liability of  $49 million  for these approved refunds at  March 31, 2019 . In October 2018, Consumers filed an application to address the December 31, 2017 remeasurement of its deferred income taxes and other base rate impacts of the TCJA on customers. In April 2019, Consumers filed rebuttal testimony and is now proposing approval to begin returning  $0.4 billion  of net regulatory tax liabilities through rates to be determined in Consumers’ pending gas rate case and  $1.2 billion  through a temporary bill credit until customer rates can be adjusted through an electric rate case. Consumers’ total  $1.6 billion  of net regulatory tax liabilities comprises:  • A regulatory tax liability of  $1.7 billion  associated with plant assets that are subject to normalization, which is governed by the Internal Revenue Code. This requires that the regulatory tax liability be returned over the remaining book life of the related plant assets, the average of which is  44 years  for gas plant assets and  27 years  for electric plant assets.  • A regulatory tax asset of  $0.3 billion  associated with plant assets that are not subject to normalization. Consumers proposed to collect this over  44 years  from gas customers and over  27 years  from electric customers.  • A regulatory tax liability of  $0.2 billion , which is primarily related to employee benefits. Consumers proposed to refund this amount to customers over  ten years .  In January 2018, Consumers began to reduce the regulatory liability subject to normalization  by crediting income tax expense. Consumers has fully reserved for the eventual refund of these excess deferred taxes that it has credited to income tax expense in a separate non‑current regulatory liability established by reducing revenue, and will continue to do so until these benefits are passed on to customers in accordance with an MPSC order, expected to be issued in 2019. At  March 31, 2019 , this reserve for refund of these excess deferred taxes totaled  $48 million . For additional details on the remeasurement, see  Note 10, Income Taxes . Energy Waste Reduction Plan Incentive:  Consumers will file its 2018 waste reduction reconciliation in May 2019, requesting the MPSC’s approval to collect from customers the maximum performance incentive of  $34 million  for exceeding its statutory savings targets in 2018. Consumers recognized incentive revenue under this program of  $34 million  in 2018. 3 :     Contingencies and Commitments CMS Energy and Consumers are involved in various matters that give rise to contingent liabilities. Depending on the specific issues, the resolution of these contingencies could negatively affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In their disclosures of these matters, CMS Energy and Consumers provide an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss when such an estimate can be made. Disclosures that state that CMS Energy or Consumers cannot predict the outcome of a matter indicate that they are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss for the matter. CMS Energy Contingencies Gas Index Price Reporting Litigation:  CMS Energy, along with CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas, Inc., and Cantera Gas Company, were named as defendants in  four  class action lawsuits and  one  individual lawsuit arising as a result of alleged inaccurate natural gas price reporting to publications that report trade information. Allegations include price‑fixing conspiracies, restraint of trade,  53 Table of Contents and artificial inflation of natural gas retail prices in Kansas, Missouri, and Wisconsin. In 2016, CMS Energy entities reached a settlement with the plaintiffs in the Kansas and Missouri class action cases for an amount that was not material to CMS Energy. In 2017, the federal district court approved the settlement. Plaintiffs are making claims for the following: treble damages, full consideration damages, exemplary damages, costs, interest, and/or attorneys’ fees. After removal to federal court, all of the cases were transferred to a single federal district court pursuant to the multidistrict litigation process. In 2010 and 2011, all claims against CMS Energy defendants were dismissed by the district court based on FERC preemption. In 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed the district court decision. The appellate court found that FERC preemption does not apply under the facts of these cases. The appellate court affirmed the district court’s denial of leave to amend to add federal antitrust claims. The matter was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in 2015 upheld the Ninth Circuit’s decision. The cases were remanded back to the federal district court. In 2016, the federal district court granted the defendants’ motion for summary judgment in the individual lawsuit filed in Kansas based on a release in a prior settlement involving similar allegations; the order of summary judgment was subsequently appealed. In March 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed the lower court’s ruling and remanded the case back to the federal district court. In 2017, the federal district court denied plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in the two pending class action cases in Wisconsin. The plaintiffs appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and in August 2018, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and remanded the matter back to the federal district court for further consideration.  In January 2019, the judge in the multidistrict litigation granted motions filed by plaintiffs for Suggestion of Remand of the actions back to the respective transferor courts in Wisconsin and Kansas for further handling. In the Kansas action, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the remand and the case is being transferred. In the Wisconsin actions, oppositions to the remand have been filed and the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation will likely consider the request in May 2019. These cases involve complex facts, a large number of similarly situated defendants with different factual positions, and multiple jurisdictions. Presently, any estimate of liability would be highly speculative; the amount of CMS Energy’s reasonably possible loss would be based on widely varying models previously untested in this context. If the outcome after appeals is unfavorable, these cases could negatively affect CMS Energy’s liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Bay Harbor:  CMS Land retained environmental remediation obligations for the collection and treatment of leachate, a liquid consisting of water and other substances, at Bay Harbor after selling its interests in the development in 2002. Leachate is produced when water enters into cement kiln dust piles left over from former cement plant operations at the site. In 2012, CMS Land and the MDEQ finalized an agreement that established the final remedies and the future water quality criteria at the site. CMS Land completed all construction necessary to implement the remedies required by the agreement and will continue to maintain and operate a system to discharge treated leachate into Little Traverse Bay under an NPDES permit issued in 2010 and renewed in 2016. The renewed NPDES permit is valid through September 2020. At  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy had a recorded liability of  $45 million  for its remaining obligations for environmental remediation. CMS Energy calculated this liability based on discounted projected costs, using a discount rate of  4.34 percent  and an inflation rate of  one percent  on annual operating and maintenance costs. The undiscounted amount of the remaining obligation is  $57 million . CMS Energy  54 Table of Contents expects to pay the following amounts for long‑term liquid disposal and operating and maintenance costs during the remainder of  2019  and in each of the next five years: In Millions     2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024   CMS Energy                         Long‑term liquid disposal and operating and maintenance costs   $ 3   $ 4   $ 4   $ 4   $ 4   $ 4 CMS Energy’s estimate of response activity costs and the timing of expenditures could change if there are changes in circumstances or assumptions used in calculating the liability. Although a liability for its present estimate of remaining response activity costs has been recorded, CMS Energy cannot predict the ultimate financial impact or outcome of this matter. Equatorial Guinea Tax Claim:  In 2002, CMS Energy sold its oil, gas, and methanol investments in Equatorial Guinea. The government of Equatorial Guinea claims that, in connection with the sale, CMS Energy owes  $152 million  in taxes, plus substantial penalties and interest that could be up to the amount of the taxes claimed. In 2015, the matter was proceeding to formal arbitration; however, since then, the government of Equatorial Guinea has stopped communicating. CMS Energy has concluded that the government’s tax claim is without merit and will continue to contest the claim, but cannot predict the financial impact or outcome of the matter. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers Electric Utility Contingencies Electric Environmental Matters:  Consumers’ operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations. Historically, Consumers has generally been able to recover, in customer rates, the costs to operate its facilities in compliance with these laws and regulations. Cleanup and Solid Waste:  Consumers expects to incur remediation and other response activity costs at a number of sites under the NREPA. Consumers believes that these costs should be recoverable in rates, but cannot guarantee that outcome. Consumers estimates that its liability for NREPA sites for which it can estimate a range of loss will be between  $3 million  and  $4 million . At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had a recorded liability of  $3 million , the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable NREPA liability, as no amount in the range was considered a better estimate than any other amount. Consumers is a potentially responsible party at a number of contaminated sites administered under CERCLA. CERCLA liability is joint and several. In 2010, Consumers received official notification from the EPA that identified Consumers as a potentially responsible party for cleanup of PCBs at the Kalamazoo River CERCLA site. The notification claimed that the EPA has reason to believe that Consumers disposed of PCBs and arranged for the disposal and treatment of PCB‑containing materials at portions of the site. In 2011, Consumers received a follow‑up letter from the EPA requesting that Consumers agree to participate in a removal action plan along with several other companies for an area of lower Portage Creek, which is connected to the Kalamazoo River. All parties, including Consumers, that were asked to participate in the removal action plan declined to accept liability. Until further information is received from the EPA, Consumers is unable to estimate a range of potential liability for cleanup of the river. Based on its experience, Consumers estimates that its share of the total liability for known CERCLA sites will be between  $3 million  and  $8 million . Various factors, including the number and creditworthiness of potentially responsible parties involved with each site, affect Consumers’ share of the total liability. At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had a recorded liability of  $3 million  for its share of the total liability at these  55 Table of Contents sites, the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable CERCLA liability, as no amount in the range was considered a better estimate than any other amount. The timing of payments related to Consumers’ remediation and other response activities at its CERCLA and NREPA sites is uncertain. Consumers periodically reviews these cost estimates. A change in the underlying assumptions, such as an increase in the number of sites, different remediation techniques, the nature and extent of contamination, and legal and regulatory requirements, could affect its estimates of NREPA and CERCLA liability. Ludington PCB:  In 1998, during routine maintenance activities, Consumers identified PCB as a component in certain paint, grout, and sealant materials at Ludington. Consumers removed part of the PCB material and replaced it with non‑PCB material. Consumers has had several communications with the EPA regarding this matter, but cannot predict the financial impact or outcome. MCV PPA:  In December 2017, the MCV Partnership initiated arbitration against Consumers, asserting a breach of contract associated with the MCV PPA. Under this PPA, Consumers pays the MCV Partnership a fixed energy charge based on Consumers’ annual average baseload coal generating plant operating and maintenance cost, fuel inventory, and administrative and general expenses. The MCV Partnership asserts that, under the Clean Air Act, Consumers should have installed pollution control equipment on coal‑fueled electric generating units years before they were retired. The MCV Partnership also asserts that Consumers should have installed pollution control equipment earlier on its remaining coal‑fueled electric generating units. Additionally, the MCV Partnership claims that Consumers improperly characterized certain costs included in the calculation of the fixed energy charge. In January 2019, an arbitration panel issued an order concluding that the MCV Partnership is not entitled to any damages associated with its claim against Consumers related to the Clean Air Act; the majority of the MCV Partnership’s claim, which estimated damages and interest in excess of  $270 million , was related to this dismissed claim. Consumers believes that the MCV Partnership’s remaining claims are without merit, but cannot predict the financial impact or outcome of the matter. Underwater Cables in Straits of Mackinac:  Consumers owns certain underwater electric cables in the Straits of Mackinac, which were de‑energized and retired in 1990. Consumers was notified that some of these cables were damaged as a result of vessel activity in April 2018. Following the notification, Consumers located, inspected, sampled, capped, and returned the damaged retired cables to their original location on the lake bottom, and did not find any substantive evidence of environmental contamination. Consumers is collaborating with the State of Michigan, local Native American tribes, and other stakeholders to evaluate the status of the cables and to determine if any additional action is advisable. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of this matter, but if Consumers is required to remove all the cables, it could incur additional costs of up to  $10 million . Consumers has filed suit against the companies that own the vessels that allegedly caused the damage. Consumers will seek recovery from customers of any costs incurred.  Consumers Gas Utility Contingencies Gas Environmental Matters:  Consumers expects to incur remediation and other response activity costs at a number of sites under the NREPA. These sites include  23  former MGP  facilities. Consumers operated the facilities on these sites for some part of their operating lives. For some of these sites, Consumers has no present ownership interest or may own only a portion of the original site. At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had a recorded liability of  $72 million  for its remaining obligations for these sites. This amount represents the present value of long‑term projected costs, using a discount rate of  2.57 percent  and an inflation rate of  2.5 percent . The undiscounted amount of the remaining obligation is  56 Table of Contents $76 million . Consumers expects to pay the following amounts for remediation and other response activity costs during the remainder of  2019  and in each of the next five years:  In Millions     2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024   Consumers                         Remediation and other response activity costs   $ 10   $ 16   $ 21   $ 7   $ 2   $ 2 Consumers periodically reviews these cost estimates. Any significant change in the underlying assumptions, such as an increase in the number of sites, changes in remediation techniques, or legal and regulatory requirements, could affect Consumers’ estimates of annual response activity costs and the MGP liability. Pursuant to orders issued by the MPSC, Consumers defers its MGP‑related remediation costs and recovers them from its customers over a  ten ‑year period. At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had a regulatory asset of  $131 million  related to the MGP sites. Consumers estimates that its liability to perform remediation and other response activities at NREPA sites other than the MGP sites could reach  $3 million . At  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had a recorded liability of less than  $1 million , the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable liability, as no amount in the range was considered a better estimate than any other amount. Ray Compressor Station:  On January 30, 2019, Consumers experienced a fire at the Ray Compressor Station, which resulted in the Ray Storage Field being off-line or operating at significantly reduced capacity, which negatively affected Consumers’ natural gas supply and delivery capacity. This incident, which occurred during the extreme polar vortex weather condition, required Consumers to request voluntary reductions in customer load, to implement contingency gas supply purchases, and to implement a curtailment of natural gas deliveries for industrial and large commercial customers pursuant to Consumers’ MPSC curtailment tariff. The curtailment and request for voluntary reductions of customer loads were canceled as of midnight, February 1, 2019. Consumers investigated the cause of the incident, and filed a report on the incident with the MPSC in April 2019. As a result of the fire and the resulting curtailment, Consumers could be subject to various claims from impacted customers or claims for damages. Consumers may also be subject to regulatory penalties and disallowances of gas purchased and gas lost. At this time, Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these matters or other gas-related incidents and a reasonable estimate of any loss cannot be made, but they could have a material adverse effect on Consumers’ results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity, and could subject Consumers’ gas utility to increased regulatory scrutiny. 57 Table of Contents Guarantees Presented in the following table are CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ guarantees at  March 31, 2019 : In Millions   Guarantee Description Issue Date Expiration Date Maximum Obligation   Carrying Amount   CMS Energy, including Consumers                 Indemnity obligations from stock and asset sale agreements 1   various   indefinite   $ 153   $ 2 Guarantees 2   various   indefinite   36   — Consumers                 Guarantee 2   July 2011   indefinite   $ 30   $ — 1   These obligations arose from stock and asset sale agreements under which CMS Energy or a subsidiary of CMS Energy indemnified the purchaser for losses resulting from various matters, primarily claims related to taxes. CMS Energy believes the likelihood of material loss to be remote for the indemnity obligations not recorded as liabilities. 2   At Consumers, this obligation comprises a guarantee provided to the U.S. Department of Energy in connection with a settlement agreement regarding damages resulting from the department’s failure to accept spent nuclear fuel from nuclear power plants formerly owned by Consumers. At CMS Energy, the guarantee obligations comprise Consumers’ guarantee to the U.S. Department of Energy and CMS Energy’s 1994 guarantee of non‑recourse revenue bonds issued by Genesee. Additionally, in the normal course of business, CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain other subsidiaries of CMS Energy have entered into various agreements containing tax and other indemnity provisions for which they are unable to estimate the maximum potential obligation. The carrying value of these indemnity obligations is  $1 million . CMS Energy and Consumers consider the likelihood that they would be required to perform or incur substantial losses related to these indemnities to be remote. Other Contingencies In addition to the matters disclosed in this Note and  Note 2, Regulatory Matters , there are certain other lawsuits and administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies, as well as unasserted claims, which may result in such proceedings, arising in the ordinary course of business to which CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain other subsidiaries of CMS Energy are parties. These other lawsuits, proceedings, and unasserted claims may involve personal injury, property damage, contracts, environmental matters, federal and state taxes, rates, licensing, employment, and other matters. Further, CMS Energy and Consumers occasionally self‑report certain regulatory non‑compliance matters that may or may not eventually result in administrative proceedings. CMS Energy and Consumers believe that the outcome of any one of these proceedings and potential claims will not have a material negative effect on their consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 58 Table of Contents 4 :     Financings and Capitalization Financings:  Presented in the following table is a summary of major long‑term debt transactions during the  three months ended March 31, 2019 :   Principal  (In Millions)   Interest Rate Issue/Retirement Date Maturity Date Debt issuances           CMS Energy, parent only           Term loan facility   $ 300 variable January 2019 December 2019 Junior subordinated notes 1 630 5.875 % February 2019 March 2079 Total CMS Energy, parent only   $ 930       Total CMS Energy   $ 930       Debt retirements           CMS Energy, parent only           Term loan facility   $ 300 variable February 2019 December 2019 Term loan facility   180 variable February 2019 April 2019 Total CMS Energy, parent only   $ 480       Total CMS Energy   $ 480       1   These unsecured obligations rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all of CMS Energy’s existing and future senior indebtedness. Revolving Credit Facilities:  The following revolving credit facilities with banks were available at  March 31, 2019 : In Millions   Expiration Date Amount of Facility   Amount Borrowed   Letters of Credit Outstanding   Amount Available   CMS Energy, parent only                 June 5, 2023   $ 550   $ —   $ 4   $ 546 CMS Enterprises, including subsidiaries                 September 30, 2025 1   $ 18   $ —   $ 8   $ 10 Consumers 2                 June 5, 2023   $ 850   $ —   $ 7   $ 843 November 23, 2020   250   —   15   235 September 9, 2019   30   —   30   — 1   Under this facility,  $8 million  is available solely for the purpose of issuing letters of credit. Obligations under this facility are secured by the collateral accounts with the lending bank. 2   Obligations under these facilities are secured by first mortgage bonds of Consumers. Short‑term Borrowings:  Under  Consumers’ commercial paper program , Consumers may  issue, in one or more placements , commercial paper notes  with maturities of up to 365 days and that bear interest at fixed or floating rates. These issuances are supported by Consumers’ revolving credit facilities  and may have an aggregate principal amount outstanding of  up to  $500 million .  While the amount of outstanding commercial paper does not reduce the available capacity of the revolving credit facilities, Consumers  59 Table of Contents does not intend to issue commercial paper in an amount exceeding the available capacity of the facilities.  At  March 31, 2019 ,  $30 million  of commercial paper notes were outstanding under this program.   Dividend Restrictions :  At  March 31, 2019 , payment of dividends by CMS Energy on its common stock was limited to  $4.9 billion  under provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act of 1972. Under the provisions of its articles of incorporation, at  March 31, 2019 , Consumers had  $1.3 billion  of unrestricted retained earnings available to pay dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy. Provisions of the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act appear to restrict dividends payable by Consumers to the amount of Consumers’ retained earnings. Several decisions from FERC suggest that, under a variety of circumstances, dividends from Consumers on its common stock would not be limited to amounts in Consumers’ retained earnings. Any decision by Consumers to pay dividends on its common stock in excess of retained earnings would be based on specific facts and circumstances and would be subject to a formal regulatory filing process. For the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , Consumers paid  $172 million  in dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy.   Issuance of Common Stock:  In 2018, CMS Energy entered into an equity offering program under which it may sell, from time to time, shares of CMS Energy common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to  $250 million .  Under this program, CMS Energy may sell its common stock in privately negotiated transactions, in “at the market” offerings, through forward sales transactions or otherwise. As of  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy had entered into forward sales contracts having an aggregate sales price of  $ 250 million . Presented in the following table are details of these contracts: Contract Date Maturity Date Number of Shares  Initial Forward Price Per Share   November 16, 2018 May 16, 2020 2,017,783   $ 49.06 November 20, 2018 May 20, 2020 777,899   50.91 February 21, 2019 August 21, 2020 2,083,340   52.27 These contracts allow CMS Energy to either physically settle the contracts by issuing shares of its common stock at the then‑applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or net settle the contracts through the delivery or receipt of cash or shares.  CMS Energy may settle the contracts at any time through their maturity dates, and presently intends to physically settle the contracts by delivering shares of its common stock. The initial forward price in the forward equity sale contracts includes a deduction for commissions and will be adjusted on a daily basis over the term based on an interest rate factor and decreased on certain dates by certain predetermined amounts to reflect expected dividend payments. No amounts have or will be recorded on CMS Energy’s consolidated balance sheets until settlements of the forward equity sale contracts occur. If CMS Energy had elected to net share settle the contracts as of  March 31, 2019 , CMS Energy would have been required to deliver  424,770  shares. 60 Table of Contents 5 :     Fair Value Measurements Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. When measuring fair value, CMS Energy and Consumers are required to incorporate all assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. A fair value hierarchy prioritizes inputs used to measure fair value according to their observability in the market. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: • Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. • Level 2 inputs are observable, market‑based inputs, other than Level 1 prices. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in inactive markets, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. • Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that reflect CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ own assumptions about how market participants would value their assets and liabilities. CMS Energy and Consumers classify fair value measurements within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Presented in the following table are CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis: In Millions     CMS Energy, including Consumers   Consumers   March 31 2019   December 31 2018     March 31 2019   December 31 2018   Assets 1                   Cash equivalents   $ 20   $ 27     $ —   $ — Restricted cash equivalents   33   21     27   17 CMS Energy common stock   —   —     1   1 Nonqualified deferred compensation plan assets   15   14     12   10 DB SERP cash equivalents   —   1     —   — Derivative instruments   —   1     —   1 Total   $ 68   $ 64     $ 40   $ 29 Liabilities 1                   Nonqualified deferred compensation plan liabilities   $ 15   $ 14     $ 12   $ 10 Derivative instruments   4   3     —   — Total   $ 19   $ 17     $ 12   $ 10 1   All assets and liabilities were classified as Level 1 with the exception of derivative contracts, which were classified as Level 2 or Level 3. 61 Table of Contents Cash Equivalents:  Cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents consist of money market funds with daily liquidity. Short‑term debt instruments classified as cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets are not included since they are recorded at amortized cost. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Assets and Liabilities:  The nonqualified deferred compensation plan assets consist of mutual funds, which are valued using the daily quoted net asset values. CMS Energy and Consumers value their nonqualified deferred compensation plan liabilities based on the fair values of the plan assets, as they reflect the amount owed to the plan participants in accordance with their investment elections. CMS Energy and Consumers report the assets in other non‑current assets and the liabilities in other non‑current liabilities on their consolidated balance sheets. DB SERP Cash Equivalents:  The DB SERP cash equivalents consist of a money market fund with daily liquidity and are reported in other non‑current assets on CMS Energy and Consumers’ consolidated balance sheets.  Derivative Instruments:  CMS Energy and Consumers value their derivative instruments using either a market approach that incorporates information from market transactions, or an income approach that discounts future expected cash flows to a present value amount. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ derivatives are classified as Level 2 or Level 3. The derivatives classified as Level 2 are interest rate swaps at CMS Energy, which are valued using market‑based inputs. CMS Energy uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk on certain long‑term debt transactions and certain notes receivable at EnerBank. The majority of derivatives classified as Level 3 are FTRs held by Consumers. Consumers uses FTRs to manage price risk related to electricity transmission congestion. An FTR is a financial instrument that entitles its holder to receive compensation or requires its holder to remit payment for congestion‑related transmission charges. Due to the lack of quoted pricing information, Consumers determines the fair value of its FTRs based on Consumers’ average historical settlements. There was no material activity within the Level 3 categories of assets and liabilities during the periods presented. 62 Table of Contents 6 :     Financial Instruments Presented in the following table are the carrying amounts and fair values, by level within the fair value hierarchy, of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value. The table excludes cash, cash equivalents, short‑term financial instruments, and trade accounts receivable and payable whose carrying amounts approximate their fair values. For information about assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for additional details regarding the fair value hierarchy, see  Note 5, Fair Value Measurements . In Millions     March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018       Fair Value       Fair Value   Carrying       Level   Carrying       Level   Amount   Total    1   2   3     Amount   Total    1   2   3   CMS Energy, including Consumers                               Assets                                           Long‑term receivables 1   $ 21   $ 21   $ —   $ —   $ 21     $ 22   $ 22   $ —   $ —   $ 22 Notes receivable 2   2,018   2,126   —   —   2,126     1,857   1,967   —   —   1,967 Securities held to maturity   22   22   —   22   —     22   21   —   21   — Liabilities                                           Long-term debt 3   11,926   12,404   1,147   9,418   1,839     11,589   11,630   459   9,404   1,767 Long-term payables 4   27   28   —   —   28     27   27   —   —   27 Consumers                                           Assets                                           Long‑term receivables 1   $ 21   $ 21   $ —   $ —   $ 21     $ 22   $ 22   $ —   $ —   $ 22 Notes receivable – related party 5   105   105   —   —   105     106   106   —   —   106 Liabilities                                           Long‑term debt 6   6,591   6,897   —   5,058   1,839     6,805   6,833   —   5,066   1,767 1   Includes current accounts receivable of  $13 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $14 million  at  December 31, 2018 . 2   Includes current portion of notes receivable of  $250 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $233 million  at  December 31, 2018 . For further details, see  Note 7, Notes Receivable . 3   Includes current portion of long‑term debt of  $821 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $974 million  at  December 31, 2018 . 4   Includes current portion of long‑term payables of  $2 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $1 million  at  December 31, 2018 . 63 Table of Contents 5   Includes current portion of notes receivable  –  related party of  $7 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 . For further details, see  Note 7, Notes Receivable . 6   Includes current portion of long‑term debt of  $26 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 . The effects of third‑party credit enhancements were excluded from the fair value measurements of long‑term debt. The principal amount of CMS Energy’s long‑term debt supported by third‑party credit enhancements was  $35 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 . The entirety of these amounts was at Consumers. Debt securities classified as held to maturity consisted primarily of mortgage‑backed securities and Utah Housing Corporation bonds held by EnerBank. Presented in the following table are these investment securities: In Millions     March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018   Cost   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value     Cost   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   CMS Energy                                   Debt securities   $ 22   $ —   $ —   $ 22     $ 22   $ —   $ 1   $ 21   7 :     Notes Receivable Presented in the following table are details of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ current and non‑current notes receivable: In Millions     March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018   CMS Energy, including Consumers         Current         EnerBank notes receivable, net of allowance for loan losses   $ 250   $ 233 Non‑current         EnerBank notes receivable   1,768   1,624 Total notes receivable   $ 2,018   $ 1,857 Consumers         Current         DB SERP note receivable – related party   $ 7   $ 7 Non‑current         DB SERP note receivable – related party   98   99 Total notes receivable   $ 105   $ 106 EnerBank Notes Receivable EnerBank notes receivable are primarily unsecured consumer installment loans for financing home improvements. EnerBank records its notes receivable at cost, less an allowance for loan losses.  During the three months ended  March 31, 2019 , EnerBank purchased a portfolio of secured and unsecured consumer installment loans with a principal value of  $131 million  at  March 31, 2019 . 64 Table of Contents Authorized contractors pay fees to EnerBank to provide borrowers with same‑as‑cash, zero interest, or reduced interest loans. Unearned income associated with the loan fees, which is recorded as a reduction to notes receivable on CMS Energy’s consolidated balance sheets, was  $111 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $102 million  at  December 31, 2018 .  The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance to reflect estimated credit losses. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses and decreased by loan charge‑offs net of recoveries. Management estimates the allowance balance required by taking into consideration historical loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, economic conditions, and other factors. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when the loss is confirmed, but no later than the point at which a loan becomes 120 days past due. Loans that are 30 days or more past due are considered delinquent. The balance of EnerBank’s delinquent consumer loans was  $20 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $21 million  at  December 31, 2018 . At  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 ,  $1 million  of EnerBank’s loans had been modified as troubled debt restructurings.  EnerBank has entered into an interest rate swap on  $36 million  of its loans (notes receivable). The terms of the swap effectively convert the fixed rate interest received on these loans to a variable rate. EnerBank is applying fair value hedge accounting to the swap, and accordingly is adjusting the the carrying value of the loans for the change in the fair value of the loans due to the hedged interest rate risk. The adjustment to the loans at  March 31, 2019  was immaterial. DB SERP Note Receivable – Related Party The DB SERP note receivable – related party is Consumers’ portion of a demand note payable issued by CMS Energy to the DB SERP rabbi trust. The demand note bears interest at an annual rate of  4.10  percent and has a maturity date of 2028.  8   :      Leases Lessee CMS Energy and Consumers lease various assets from third parties, including railcars, real estate, service vehicles, and gas pipeline capacity. In addition, CMS Energy and Consumers account for a number of their PPAs as finance and operating leases. CMS Energy and Consumers do not record right-of-use assets or lease liabilities on their balance sheets for rentals with lease terms of 12 months or less, most of which are for the lease of real estate and fleet vehicles. Lease expense for these rentals is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Consumers includes future payments for all renewal options that it is reasonably certain to exercise in its measurement of lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. CMS Energy and Consumers include executory costs in the measurement of their right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, except for maintenance costs related to their railcar leases. Operating leases for coal-carrying railcars have original lease terms ranging from  five  to  15 years , expiring over the next  four years  with options to renew. These leases contain fair market value extension and buyout provisions. 65 Table of Contents Operating leases for real estate have original lease terms ranging from  three  to  60 years , expiring over the next  42 years . These leases contain fair market value extension and buyout provisions. Finance leases for Consumers’ service vehicles have original lease terms ranging from  five  to  ten years , expiring over the next  eight years . Some have end-of-lease rental adjustment clauses based on proceeds received from the sale or disposition of the vehicles, and others have fair market value purchase options. Consumers has finance leases for gas transportation pipelines to the D.E. Karn generating complex and Zeeland. The finance lease for the gas transportation pipeline into the D.E. Karn generating complex has a term of  15 years  with a provision to extend the contract from month to month. The remaining term of the contract was  three years  at  March 31, 2019 . The finance lease for the gas transportation pipeline to Zeeland was extended in 2017 for  five years  pursuant to a renewal provision in the contract, with additional renewal provisions of  five  to  ten years . The remaining terms of Consumers’ long-term PPAs accounted for as finance and operating leases range between  one  and  14 years . Most of these PPAs contain provisions at the end of the initial contract terms to renew the agreements annually under mutually agreed‑upon terms at the time of renewal. Energy and capacity payments that vary depending on quantities delivered are recognized as variable lease costs when incurred. Consumers accounts for a PPA with one of CMS Energy’s equity method subsidiaries as a lease. Presented in the following table is information about CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities: In Millions, Except as Noted   March 31, 2019 CMS Energy, including Consumers     Consumers   Operating leases           Right-of-use assets 1   $ 54     $ 46 Lease liabilities           Current lease liabilities 2   10     8 Non-current lease liabilities 3   44     37 Finance leases           Right-of-use assets   $ 78     $ 78 Lease liabilities 4           Current lease liabilities   8     8 Non-current lease liabilities   65     65 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)           Operating leases   14     13 Finance leases   12     12 Weighted-average discount rate           Operating leases   3.7 %     3.6 % Finance leases 5   2.0 %     2.0 % 1   CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ operating right-of-use lease assets are reported as other non-current assets on their consolidated balance sheets. 2   The current portion of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ operating lease liabilities are reported as other current liabilities on their consolidated balance sheets. 66 Table of Contents 3   The non-current portion of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ operating lease liabilities are reported as other non-current liabilities on their consolidated balance sheets. 4   This includes  $25 million  for leases with related parties, of which less than  $1 million  is current. 5   This rate excludes the impact of Consumers’ pipeline agreements and long-term PPAs accounted for as finance leases. The required capacity payments under these agreements, when compared to the underlying fair value of the leased assets, result in effective interest rates that exceed market rates for leases with similar terms. CMS Energy and Consumers report operating, variable, and short-term lease costs as operating expenses on their consolidated statements of income, except for certain amounts that may be capitalized to other assets. Presented in the following table is a summary of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ total lease costs: In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 CMS Energy, including Consumers     Consumers   Operating lease costs   $ 3     $ 2 Finance lease costs           Amortization of right-of-use assets   2     2 Interest on lease liabilities   4     4 Variable lease costs   31     31 Short-term lease costs   3     3 Total lease costs   $ 43     $ 42 Presented in the following table is cash flow information related to amounts paid on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ lease liabilities:  In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 CMS Energy, including Consumers     Consumers   Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities           Cash used in operating activities for finance leases   $ 4     $ 4 Cash used in operating activities for operating leases   3     2 Cash used in financing activities for finance leases   2     2 67 Table of Contents Presented in the following table are the minimum rental commitments under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ non‑cancelable leases: In Millions     Operating Leases   Finance Leases March 31, 2019 Railcars   Real Estate   PPAs   Total     Real Estate   Service Vehicles   Gas Pipelines   PPAs   Total   CMS Energy, including Consumers                           Remainder of 2019   $ 5   $ 2   $ 1   $ 8     $ —   $ 6   $ 3   $ 10   $ 19 2020   7   3   1   11     —   6   4   13   23 2021   7   3   1   11     —   5   5   13   23 2022   2   2   1   5     —   5   1   13   19 2023   1   2   —   3     —   5   1   13   19 2024   —   2   —   2     —   2   1   13   16 2025 and thereafter   —   34   1   35     10   3   3   74   90 Total minimum lease payments   $ 22   $ 48   $ 5   $ 75     $ 10   $ 32   $ 18   $ 149   $ 209 Less discount   1   20   —   21     2   2   11   121   136 Present value of minimum lease payments   $ 21   $ 28   $ 5   $ 54     $ 8   $ 30   $ 7   $ 28   $ 73 Consumers                                       Remainder of 2019   $ 5   $ 1   $ 1   $ 7     $ —   $ 6   $ 3   $ 10   $ 19 2020   7   2   1   10     —   6   4   13   23 2021   7   1   1   9     —   5   5   13   23 2022   2   1   1   4     —   5   1   13   19 2023   1   1   —   2     —   5   1   13   19 2024   —   1   —   1     —   2   1   13   16 2025 and thereafter   —   28   1   29     10   3   3   74   90 Total minimum lease payments   $ 22   $ 35   $ 5   $ 62     $ 10   $ 32   $ 18   $ 149   $ 209 Less discount   1   16   —   17     2   2   11   121   136 Present value of minimum lease payments   $ 21   $ 19   $ 5   $ 45     $ 8   $ 30   $ 7   $ 28   $ 73 68 Table of Contents Presented in the following table are the minimum rental commitments under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ non‑cancelable leases at December 31, 2018, prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-02: In Millions   December 31, 2018 Capital Leases   Operating Leases   CMS Energy, including Consumers     2019   $ 14   $ 16 2020   11   15 2021   11   15 2022   8   8 2023   6   5 2024 and thereafter   21   38 Total minimum lease payments   $ 71   $ 97 Less discount   22   Present value of minimum lease payments   $ 49   Less current portion   9   Non-current portion   $ 40   Consumers     2019   $ 14   $ 14 2020   11   14 2021   11   13 2022   8   7 2023   6   5 2024   21   32 Total minimum lease payments   $ 71   $ 85 Less discount   22   Present value of minimum lease payments   $ 49   Less current portion   9   Non-current portion   $ 40   Lessor CMS Energy and Consumers are the lessor under power sales and natural gas delivery agreements that are accounted for as leases. CMS Energy has power sales agreements that are accounted for as operating leases. These agreements have remaining terms ranging from  seven  to  24 years . In addition to fixed payments, these agreements have variable payments based on energy delivered. CMS Energy’s lease revenue from its power sales agreements was  $48 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , which included variable lease payments of  $34 million . Consumers has an agreement to build, own, operate, and maintain a compressed natural gas fueling station for a term of  20 years , which began in December 2018. This agreement is accounted for as a direct finance lease, under which the lessee has the option to purchase the natural gas fueling station at the end of the lease term. Fixed monthly payments escalate annually with inflation.  69 Table of Contents In December 2018, Consumers and a subsidiary of CMS Energy executed a  20 -year natural gas transportation agreement, related to a pipeline owned by Consumers, which will automatically extend annually unless terminated by either party. This agreement is accounted for by Consumers as a direct finance lease. The effects of the lease are eliminated on CMS Energy’s consolidated financial statements. Presented in the following table are the minimum rental payments to be received under CMS Energy’s non‑cancelable operating leases: In Millions   March 31, 2019 Remainder of 2019   $ 52 2020   52 2021   51 2022   47 2023   44 2024   44 2025 and thereafter   62 Total minimum lease payments   $ 352 Presented in the following table are the minimum rental payments to be received under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ non‑cancelable direct financing leases: In Millions   March 31, 2019 CMS Energy, including Consumers     Consumers   Remainder of 2019   $ —     $ 1 2020   —     1 2021   —     1 2022   —     1 2023   —     1 2024   —     1 2025 and thereafter   10     19 Total minimum lease payments   $ 10     $ 25 Less unearned income   5     15 Present value of lease payments recognized as lease receivables   $ 5     $ 10 70 Table of Contents 9 :     Retirement Benefits CMS Energy and Consumers provide pension, OPEB, and other retirement benefits to employees under a number of different plans. Presented in the following table are the costs (credits) and other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations incurred in CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ retirement benefits plans: In Millions     DB Pension Plans   OPEB Plan Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018     2019   2018   CMS Energy, including Consumers Net periodic cost (credit)                   Service cost   $ 10   $ 12     $ 4   $ 4 Interest cost   25   22     10   9 Expected return on plan assets   (40 )   (37 )     (22 )   (24 ) Amortization of:                   Net loss   12   18     7   4 Prior service cost (credit)   —   1     (16 )   (17 ) Net periodic cost (credit)   $ 7   $ 16     $ (17 )   $ (24 ) Consumers Net periodic cost (credit)                   Service cost   $ 10   $ 12     $ 3   $ 4 Interest cost   23   21     10   8 Expected return on plan assets   (38 )   (35 )     (21 )   (23 ) Amortization of:                   Net loss   12   18     7   4 Prior service cost (credit)   —   1     (15 )   (16 ) Net periodic cost (credit)   $ 7   $ 17     $ (16 )   $ (23 ) 71 Table of Contents 10 :     Income Taxes Presented in the following table is a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate from continuing operations: Three Months Ended March 31   2019   2018 CMS Energy, including Consumers         U.S. federal income tax rate   21.0  %   21.0  % Increase (decrease) in income taxes from:         State and local income taxes, net of federal effect   5.4   5.7 TCJA excess deferred taxes 1   (3.5 )   (2.9 ) Production tax credits   (2.4 )   (1.5 ) Accelerated flow-through of regulatory tax benefits 2   (1.5 )   (5.0 ) Research and development tax credits, net 3   (0.2 )   (2.8 ) Other, net   (0.4 )   (0.3 ) Effective tax rate   18.4  %   14.2  % Consumers         U.S. federal income tax rate   21.0  %   21.0  % Increase (decrease) in income taxes from:         State and local income taxes, net of federal effect   5.6   6.2 TCJA excess deferred taxes 1   (3.3 )   (2.9 ) Accelerated flow-through of regulatory tax benefits 2   (2.5 )   (4.8 ) Production tax credits   (1.0 )   (1.1 ) Research and development tax credits, net 3   (0.2 )   (2.7 ) Other, net   (0.3 )   (0.3 ) Effective tax rate   19.3  %   15.4  % 1   In December 2017, Consumers remeasured its deferred tax assets and liabilities at the new federal tax rate enacted by the TCJA and recorded a  $1.8 billion  regulatory liability. This regulatory liability relates to the excess deferred taxes arising from accelerated tax depreciation on assets in rate base that are governed by normalization provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The normalization provisions require that the excess deferred taxes be refunded to customers over the remaining average service life of the associated assets. In January 2018, Consumers began to reduce this regulatory liability  by crediting income tax expense. Consumers has fully reserved for the eventual refund of these excess deferred taxes that it has credited to income tax expense in a separate non‑current regulatory liability established by reducing revenue, and will continue to do so until these benefits are passed on to customers in accordance with an MPSC order, expected to be issued in 2019. At  March 31, 2019 , this reserve for refund of these excess deferred taxes totaled  $48 million . 2   In 2013, the MPSC issued an order authorizing Consumers to accelerate the flow‑through to electric and gas customers of certain income tax benefits associated primarily with the cost of removal of plant placed in service before 1993. Consumers implemented this regulatory treatment beginning in 2014, with the electric portion ending in 2018. This change, which also accelerates Consumers’ recognition of the income tax benefits, reduced Consumers’ income tax expense by  $7 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and by  $14 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . 3   In March 2018, Consumers finalized a study of research and development tax credits for the tax years 2012 through 2016. As a result, Consumers recognized an  $8 million  increase in the credit, net of reserves for uncertain tax positions, at that time. 72 Table of Contents 11 :     Earnings Per Share—CMS Energy Presented in the following table are CMS Energy’s basic and diluted EPS computations based on net income: In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   Income available to common stockholders         Net income available to common stockholders – basic and diluted   $ 213   $ 241 Average common shares outstanding         Weighted-average shares – basic   282.8   281.5 Add dilutive nonvested stock awards   0.6   0.7 Add dilutive forward equity sale contracts   0.2   — Weighted-average shares – diluted   283.6   282.2 Net income per average common share available to common stockholders         Basic   $ 0.75   $ 0.86 Diluted   0.75   0.86 Nonvested Stock Awards CMS Energy’s nonvested stock awards are composed of participating and non‑participating securities. The participating securities accrue cash dividends when common stockholders receive dividends. Since the recipient is not required to return the dividends to CMS Energy if the recipient forfeits the award, the nonvested stock awards are considered participating securities. As such, the participating nonvested stock awards were included in the computation of basic EPS. The non‑participating securities accrue stock dividends that vest concurrently with the stock award. If the recipient forfeits the award, the stock dividends accrued on the non‑participating securities are also forfeited. Accordingly, the non‑participating awards and stock dividends were included in the computation of diluted EPS, but not in the computation of basic EPS. Forward Equity Sale Contracts In November 2018 and February 2019, CMS Energy entered into forward equity sale contracts. These forward equity sale contracts are non‑participating securities. While the forward sale price in the forward equity sale contract is decreased on certain dates by certain predetermined amounts to reflect expected dividend payments, these price adjustments were set upon inception of the agreement and the forward contract does not give the owner the right to participate in undistributed earnings. Accordingly, the forward equity sale contracts were included in the computation of diluted EPS, but not in the computation of basic EPS. For further details on the forward equity sale contracts, see  Note 4, Financings and Capitalization . 73 Table of Contents 12 :     Revenue Presented in the following table are the components of operating revenue: In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 Electric Utility   Gas Utility   Enterprises 1   Other Reconciling 2   Consolidated   CMS Energy, including Consumers Consumers utility revenue   $ 1,100   $ 838   $ —   $ —   $ 1,938 Other   —   —   19   —   19 Revenue recognized from contracts with customers   1,100   838   19   —   1,957 Leasing income   —   —   48   —   48 Financing income   3   2   —   49   54 Consumers alternative revenue programs   —   —   —   —   — Total operating revenue – CMS Energy   $ 1,103   $ 840   $ 67   $ 49   $ 2,059 Consumers Consumers utility revenue                     Residential   $ 523   $ 589   $ —   $ —   $ 1,112 Commercial   351   174   —   —   525 Industrial   162   25   —   —   187 Other   64   50   —   —   114 Revenue recognized from contracts with customers   1,100   838   —   —   1,938 Financing income   3   2   —   —   5 Alternative revenue programs   —   —   —   —   — Total operating revenue – Consumers   $ 1,103   $ 840   $ —   $ —   $ 1,943 74 Table of Contents In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31, 2018 Electric Utility   Gas Utility   Enterprises 1   Other Reconciling 2   Consolidated   CMS Energy, including Consumers Consumers utility revenue   $ 1,076   $ 773   $ —   $ —   $ 1,849 Other   —   —   24   —   24 Revenue recognized from contracts with customers   1,076   773   24   —   1,873 Leasing income   —   —   39   —   39 Financing income   2   2   —   35   39 Consumers alternative revenue programs   —   2   —   —   2 Total operating revenue – CMS Energy   $ 1,078   $ 777   $ 63   $ 35   $ 1,953 Consumers Consumers utility revenue                     Residential   $ 501   $ 537   $ —   $ —   $ 1,038 Commercial   361   162   —   —   523 Industrial   143   24   —   —   167 Other   71   50   —   —   121 Revenue recognized from contracts with customers   1,076   773   —   —   1,849 Financing income   2   2   —   —   4 Alternative revenue programs   —   2   —   —   2 Total operating revenue – Consumers   $ 1,078   $ 777   $ —   $ —   $ 1,855 1   Amounts represent the enterprises segment’s operating revenue from independent power production and CMS ERM’s sales of energy commodities in support of the independent power production portfolio. 2   Amount represents EnerBank’s operating revenue from  providing primarily unsecured consumer installment loans for financing home improvements . Electric and Gas Utilities Consumers Utility Revenue:  Consumers recognizes revenue primarily from the sale of electric and gas utility services at tariff‑based rates regulated by the MPSC. Consumers’ customer base consists of a mix of residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. Consumers’ tariff‑based sales performance obligations are described below. • Consumers has performance obligations for the service of standing ready to deliver electricity or natural gas to customers, and it satisfies these performance obligations over time. Consumers recognizes revenue at a fixed rate as it provides these services. These arrangements generally do not have fixed terms and remain in effect as long as the customer consumes the utility service. The rates are set by the MPSC through the rate‑making process and represent the stand‑alone selling price of Consumers’ service to stand ready to deliver. • Consumers has performance obligations for the service of delivering the commodity of electricity or natural gas to customers, and it satisfies these performance obligations upon delivery. Consumers recognizes revenue at a price per unit of electricity or natural gas delivered, based on the tariffs established by the MPSC. These arrangements generally do not have fixed terms and remain in effect as long as the customer consumes the utility service. The rates are set by the  75 Table of Contents MPSC through the rate‑making process and represent the stand‑alone selling price of a bundled product comprising the commodity, electricity or natural gas, and the service of delivering such commodity. In some instances, Consumers has specific fixed‑term contracts with large commercial and industrial customers to provide electricity or gas at certain tariff rates or to provide gas transportation services at contracted rates. The amount of electricity and gas to be delivered under these contracts and the associated future revenue to be received are generally dependent on the customers’ needs. Accordingly, Consumers recognizes revenues at the tariff or contracted rate as electricity or gas is delivered to the customer. Consumers also has other miscellaneous contracts with customers related to pole and other property rentals, appliance service plans, and utility contract work. Generally, these contracts are short term or evergreen in nature. Accounts Receivable and Unbilled Revenues:  Accounts receivable comprise trade receivables and unbilled receivables. CMS Energy and Consumers record their accounts receivable at cost, which approximates fair value. CMS Energy and Consumers establish an allowance for uncollectible accounts based on historical losses, management’s assessment of existing economic conditions, customer payment trends, and other factors. CMS Energy and Consumers assess late payment fees on trade receivables based on contractual past‑due terms established with customers. CMS Energy and Consumers charge off accounts deemed uncollectible to operating expense. Uncollectible expense for CMS Energy, including Consumers, was  $6 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and  $7 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . Uncollectible expense for Consumers was  $6 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and  $7 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . Consumers’ customers are billed monthly in cycles having billing dates that do not generally coincide with the end of a calendar month. This results in customers having received electricity or natural gas that they have not been billed for as of the month‑end. Consumers estimates its unbilled revenues by applying an average billed rate to total unbilled deliveries for each customer class. Unbilled revenues, which are recorded as accounts receivable on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ consolidated balance sheets, were  $341 million  at  March 31, 2019  and  $409 million  at  December 31, 2018 . Alternative‑Revenue Programs:  Under a gas revenue decoupling mechanism authorized by the MPSC, Consumers is allowed to adjust future gas rates for differences between Consumers’ actual weather‑normalized non‑fuel revenues and the revenues approved by the MPSC. Consumers accounts for this program as an alternative‑revenue program that meets the criteria for recognizing the effects of decoupling adjustments on revenue as gas is delivered. Consumers does not reclassify revenue from its alternative-revenue program to revenue from contracts with customers at the time the amounts are collected from customers. 76 Table of Contents 13 :     Cash and Cash Equivalents Presented in the following table are the components of total cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, and their location on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ consolidated balance sheets:  In Millions     March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018   CMS Energy, including Consumers         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 234   $ 153 Restricted cash and cash equivalents   33   21 Other non-current assets   —   1 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts   $ 267   $ 175 Consumers         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 37   $ 39 Restricted cash and cash equivalents   27   17 Other non-current assets   —   — Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts   $ 64   $ 56 Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Cash and cash equivalents include short‑term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Restricted cash and cash equivalents are held primarily for the repayment of securitization bonds and funds held in escrow. Cash and cash equivalents may also be restricted to pay other contractual obligations such as leasing of coal railcars. These amounts are classified as current assets since they relate to payments that could or will occur within one year. Other Non‑current Assets:  The cash equivalents classified as other non‑current assets represent an investment in a money market fund held in the DB SERP rabbi trust. See  Note 5, Fair Value Measurements  for more information regarding the DB SERP. 77 Table of Contents 14 :     Reportable Segments Reportable segments consist of business units defined by the products and services they offer. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluate the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net income available to CMS Energy’s common stockholders. CMS Energy The reportable segments for CMS Energy are: • electric utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with  the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity  in Michigan • gas utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with  the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas  in Michigan • enterprises, consisting of various subsidiaries engaging  in domestic independent power production, including the development and operation of renewable generation, and the marketing of independent power production CMS Energy presents EnerBank, corporate interest and other expenses, and Consumers’ other consolidated entities within other reconciling items. Consumers The reportable segments for Consumers are: • electric utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with  the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity  in Michigan • gas utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with  the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas  in Michigan Consumers’ other consolidated entities are presented within other reconciling items. 78 Table of Contents Presented in the following tables is financial information by reportable segment:  In Millions   Three Months Ended March 31 2019   2018   CMS Energy, including Consumers         Operating revenue         Electric utility   $ 1,103   $ 1,078 Gas utility   840   777 Enterprises   67   63 Other reconciling items   49   35 Total operating revenue – CMS Energy   $ 2,059   $ 1,953 Consumers         Operating revenue         Electric utility   $ 1,103   $ 1,078 Gas utility   840   777 Total operating revenue – Consumers   $ 1,943   $ 1,855 CMS Energy, including Consumers         Net income (loss) available to common stockholders         Electric utility   $ 105   $ 139 Gas utility   121   103 Enterprises   1   15 Other reconciling items   (14 )   (16 ) Total net income available to common stockholders – CMS Energy   $ 213   $ 241 Consumers         Net income available to common stockholder         Electric utility   $ 105   $ 139 Gas utility   121   103 Total net income available to common stockholder – Consumers   $ 226   $ 242 79 Table of Contents In Millions     March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018   CMS Energy, including Consumers         Plant, property, and equipment, gross         Electric utility 1   $ 16,196   $ 16,027 Gas utility 1   8,087   7,919 Enterprises   404   412 Other reconciling items   42   42 Total plant, property, and equipment, gross – CMS Energy   $ 24,729   $ 24,400 Consumers         Plant, property, and equipment, gross         Electric utility 1   $ 16,196   $ 16,027 Gas utility 1   8,087   7,919 Other reconciling items   17   17 Total plant, property, and equipment, gross – Consumers   $ 24,300   $ 23,963 CMS Energy, including Consumers         Total assets         Electric utility 1   $ 14,237   $ 14,079 Gas utility 1   7,681   7,806 Enterprises   524   540 Other reconciling items   2,351   2,104 Total assets – CMS Energy   $ 24,793   $ 24,529 Consumers         Total assets         Electric utility 1   $ 14,300   $ 14,143 Gas utility 1   7,729   7,853 Other reconciling items   23   29 Total assets – Consumers   $ 22,052   $ 22,025 1   Amounts include a portion of Consumers’ other common assets attributable to both the electric and gas utility businesses. 80 Table of Contents 15 :  Asset Sales   During the first quarter of 2019, management committed to a plan to sell certain portions of high-voltage equipment held by the enterprises segment’s DIG plant and a separate plan to sell a portion of Consumers’ electric utility’s substation transmission assets.  Presented in the following table are the major classes of assets classified as held for sale on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ consolidated balance sheets at  March 31, 2019 : In Millions   CMS Energy, including Consumers     Plant, property, and equipment, net   $ 34 Construction work in progress   5 Total assets   $ 39 Consumers     Plant, property, and equipment, net   $ 30 Construction work in progress   5 Total assets   $ 35 Enterprises In April 2019, DIG completed a sale of high-voltage equipment to ITC and will recognize a gain of  $16 million  in the second quarter of 2019. Consumers Consumers expects to sell substation transmission assets to METC in 2019, at a price above their book value. 81 Table of Contents Item  2 .     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for CMS Energy and Consumers is contained in  Part I—Item 1. Financial Statements —MD&A , which is incorporated by reference herein. Item  3 .     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk There have been no material changes to market risk as previously disclosed in Part II—Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in the  2018  Form 10‑K. Item  4 .     Controls and Procedures CMS Energy Disclosure Controls and Procedures:  CMS Energy’s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a‑15(e) and 15d‑15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, CMS Energy’s CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, its disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:  There have not been any changes in CMS Energy’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a‑15(f) and 15d‑15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Consumers Disclosure Controls and Procedures:  Consumers’ management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a‑15(e) and 15d‑15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, Consumers’ CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, its disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:  There have not been any changes in Consumers’ internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a‑15(f) and 15d‑15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 82 Table of Contents Part II— Other Information Item  1 .     Legal Proceedings CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their affiliates are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory matters in the ordinary course of business. For information regarding material legal proceedings, including updates to information reported under Part I—Item 3. Legal Proceedings, of the  2018  Form 10‑K, see  Part I—Item 1. Financial Statements —Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2, Regulatory Matters  and  Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments . Item  1A .     Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors as previously disclosed in Part I—Item 1A. Risk Factors, in the  2018  Form 10‑K, which Risk Factors are incorporated herein by reference. Item  2 .     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities Presented in the following table are CMS Energy’s repurchases of equity securities for the three months ended  March 31, 2019 : Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 1   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   January 1, 2019 to                 January 31, 2019   85,258   $ 50.88   —   — February 1, 2019 to                 February 28, 2019   259   52.61   —   — March 1, 2019 to                 March 31, 2019   68,353   55.21   —   — Total   153,870   $ 52.81   —   — 1   All of the common shares were repurchased to satisfy the minimum statutory income tax withholding obligation for common shares that have vested under the Performance Incentive Stock Plan. The value of shares repurchased is based on the market price on the vesting date. 83 Table of Contents Item  3 .     Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item  4 .     Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item  5 .     Other Information None. 84 Table of Contents Item  6 .     Exhibits CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ Exhibit Index The agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q filing are included solely to provide information regarding the terms of the agreements and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about CMS Energy, Consumers, or other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties made by each of the parties to each of the agreements that were made exclusively for the benefit of the parties involved in each of the agreements and should not be treated as statements of fact. The representations and warranties were made as a way to allocate risk if one or more of those statements prove to be incorrect. The statements were qualified by disclosures of the parties to each of the agreements that may not be reflected in each of the agreements. The agreements may apply standards of materiality that are different than standards applied to other investors. Additionally, the statements were made as of the date of the agreements or as specified in the agreements and have not been updated. The representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs of the parties to each agreement. Additional information about CMS Energy and Consumers may be found in this filing, at www.cmsenergy.com, at www.consumersenergy.com, and through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Exhibits   Description 4.1 1 — Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 20, 2019 between CMS Energy and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. (Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed February 20, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 31.1 — CMS Energy’s certification of the CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 — CMS Energy’s certification of the CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.3 — Consumers’ certification of the CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.4 — Consumers’ certification of the CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 — CMS Energy’s certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 — Consumers’ certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS — XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 1   Obligations of CMS Energy or its subsidiaries, but not of Consumers. 85 Table of Contents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company or its subsidiary.     CMS ENERGY CORPORATION       Dated: April 25, 2019 By: /s/ Rejji P. Hayes     Rejji P. Hayes     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                 CONSUMERS ENERGY COMPANY       Dated: April 25, 2019 By: /s/ Rejji P. Hayes     Rejji P. Hayes     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 86 	 
 
 
 
