
 10-K
 1
 a2013122910-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 2013 1229 10-K 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 Commission file number 1-3215 JOHNSON & JOHNSON (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) New Jersey   22-1024240 (State of incorporation)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Johnson & Johnson Plaza New Brunswick, New Jersey   08933 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (732) 524-0400 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 ALZA Corp Zero Coupon LYON Due July 2014 4.75% Notes Due November 2019 5.50% Notes Due November 2024   New York Stock Exchange New York Stock Exchange New York Stock Exchange New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes  þ      No  o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  Yes  o      No  þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  þ      No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  þ      No  o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer   þ      Accelerated filer   o      Non-accelerated filer   o      Smaller reporting company   o              (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  o      No  þ The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the Common Stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $242 billion. On February 18, 2014, there were 2,828,901,694 shares of Common Stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Parts I, II and III:   Portions of registrant’s annual report to shareholders for fiscal year 2013 (the “Annual Report”). Parts I and III:   Portions of registrant’s proxy statement for its 2014 annual meeting of shareholders filed within 120 days after the close of the registrant’s fiscal year (the “Proxy Statement”). Item   Page PART I 1 Business 1   General 1   Segments of Business 1   Geographic Areas 2   Raw Materials 2   Patents and Trademarks 2   Seasonality 3   Competition 3   Research and Development 3   Environment 3   Regulation 3   Available Information 4 1A. Risk Factors 4 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 4 2 Properties 4 3 Legal Proceedings 5 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 5   Executive Officers of the Registrant 5   PART II 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 6 Selected Financial Data 7 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 7 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 7 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 7 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 7 9A. Controls and Procedures 7 9B. Other Information 8   PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 8 11 Executive Compensation 8 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 8 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 9 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 9   PART IV 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 10   Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 11   Signatures 12   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedule 14   Exhibit Index 15 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. BUSINESS General Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the "Company") have approximately 128,100 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the health care field. Johnson & Johnson is a holding company, which has more than 275 operating companies conducting business in virtually all countries of the world. The Company’s primary focus has been on products related to human health and well-being. Johnson & Johnson was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1887. The Company’s structure is based on the principle of decentralized management. The Executive Committee of Johnson & Johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the Company. This Committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the Consumer, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices and Diagnostics business segments. Within the strategic parameters provided by the Committee, senior management groups at U.S. and international operating companies are each responsible for their own strategic plans, as well as the day-to-day operations of those companies, and each subsidiary within the business segments is, with some exceptions, managed by citizens of the country where it is located. Segments of Business The Company is organized into three business segments: Consumer, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices and Diagnostics. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the narrative and tabular descriptions of segments and operating results under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition” and Note 18 “Segments of Business and Geographic Areas” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Consumer The Consumer segment includes a broad range of products used in the baby care, skin care, oral care, wound care and women’s health fields, as well as nutritionals, over-the-counter pharmaceutical products and wellness and prevention platforms. The Baby Care franchise includes the JOHNSON’S ®  Baby line of products. Major brands in the Skin Care franchise include the AVEENO ® ; CLEAN & CLEAR ® ; DABAO ™ ; JOHNSON’S ®  Adult; LUBRIDERM ® ; NEUTROGENA ® ; RoC ® ; and VENDÔME ®  product lines. Brands in the Oral Care franchise include the LISTERINE ®  oral care lines. The Wound Care franchise includes BAND-AID ®  Brand Adhesive Bandages and NEOSPORIN ®  First Aid products. Major brands in the Women’s Health franchise outside of North America are STAYFREE ®  and CAREFREE ®  sanitary pad and o.b. ®  tampon brands. The principal nutritional line is SPLENDA ®  No Calorie Sweetener.  Over-the-counter medicines include the broad family of TYLENOL ®  acetaminophen products; SUDAFED ®  cold, flu and allergy products; ZYRTEC ®  allergy products; MOTRIN ®  IB ibuprofen products; and PEPCID ®  line of heartburn products. These products are marketed to the general public and sold both to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. Pharmaceutical The Pharmaceutical segment includes products in the following areas: anti-infective, antipsychotic, cardiovascular, contraceptive, gastrointestinal, hematology, immunology, infectious diseases, metabolic, neurology, oncology, pain management and vaccines.  These products are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers and health care professionals for prescription use. Key products in the Pharmaceutical segment include:  REMICADE ®  (infliximab), a treatment for a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases; SIMPONI ®  (golimumab), a treatment for adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis, active ankylosing spondylitis and moderately active to severely active ulcerative colitis;  STELARA ®  (ustekinumab), a treatment for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and active psoriatic arthritis; INCIVO ®  (telaprevir), for the treatment of hepatitis C; INTELENCE ®  (etravirine) and PREZISTA ®  (darunavir), treatments for HIV/AIDS; CONCERTA ®  (methylphenidate HCl) extended-release tablets CII, a treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; INVEGA ®  (paliperidone) extended-release tablets, for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder; INVEGA ®  SUSTENNA ® /XEPLION ®  (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults; RISPERDAL ®  CONSTA ®  (risperidone), for the treatment of schizophrenia and for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder; VELCADE ®  (bortezomib), a treatment for multiple myeloma; ZYTIGA ®  (abiraterone acetate), a treatment for metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer; ACIPHEX ® /PARIET ® , a proton pump inhibitor co-marketed with Eisai Inc.; PROCRIT ®  (epoetin alfa, sold outside the U.S. as EPREX ® ), to stimulate red blood cell production; and XARELTO ®   (rivaroxaban), an oral anticoagulant for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which may lead to pulmonary embolism (PE) in patients undergoing hip or knee replacement surgery, to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation, for the treatment of DVT and PE, and for the reduction in the risk of recurrence of DVT and PE. 1 Table of Contents Medical Devices and Diagnostics The Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment includes a broad range of products distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, and clinics. These include products to treat cardiovascular disease; orthopaedic and neurological products; blood glucose monitoring and insulin delivery products; general surgery, biosurgical, and energy products; professional diagnostic products; infection prevention products; and disposable contact lenses.  Geographic Areas The business of Johnson & Johnson is conducted by more than 275 operating companies located in 60 countries, including the United States, which sell products in virtually all countries throughout the world. The products made and sold in the international business include many of those described above under “— Segments of Business — Consumer,” “— Pharmaceutical” and “— Medical Devices and Diagnostics.” However, the principal markets, products and methods of distribution in the international business vary with the country and the culture. The products sold in international business include not only those developed in the United States, but also those developed by subsidiaries abroad. Investments and activities in some countries outside the United States are subject to higher risks than comparable U.S. activities because the investment and commercial climate may be influenced by restrictive economic policies and political uncertainties. Raw Materials Raw materials essential to the Company's business are generally readily available from multiple sources.  Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials would not likely have a material adverse effect on the financial results of the Company.   Patents and Trademarks The Company's subsidiaries have made a practice of obtaining patent protection on their products and processes where possible. They own or are licensed under a number of patents relating to their products and manufacturing processes, which in the aggregate are believed to be of material importance to the Company in the operation of its businesses. Sales of the Company’s largest product, REMICADE ®  (infliximab), accounted for approximately 9.4% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2013. Accordingly, the patents related to this product are believed to be material to the Company. There are two sets of patents related to REMICADE ®  (infliximab). The first set of patents is co-owned by Janssen Biotech, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, and New York University Medical Center (NYU). Janssen Biotech, Inc. has an exclusive license to NYU's interests in the patents. Patents have been granted in the United States, certain countries in the European Union (certain of these patents have been extended by Supplementary Patent Certificates), and Australia.   In the United States, the patent expires in September 2018.  These patents expired in Canada in March 2012. In certain countries in Europe the patent has   been extended to February 2015 (Germany, Spain, United Kingdom, Sweden, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Denmark, France,   Greece, Italy, Luxembourg and the Netherlands). In Australia, the patent expires in March 2017.      The second set of patents related to REMICADE ®  was granted to the Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology in the United Kingdom in Europe, Canada, Australia and the United States. Janssen Biotech, Inc. has an exclusive license to these patents which expire in 2017 outside of the United States and 2018 in the United States. The validity of these patents has been challenged and is currently in litigation.   Loss of exclusivity for REMICADE ®  in the above-mentioned markets may result in a reduction in sales.  Johnson & Johnson does not expect that any additional extensions will be available for the patents related to REMICADE ® . In addition to competing in the immunology market with REMICADE ® , the Company is currently marketing STELARA ®  (ustekinumab), SIMPONI ®  (golimumab) and SIMPONI ®  ARIA™ (golimumab), next generation immunology products with remaining patent lives of 10 years. The Company’s subsidiaries have made a practice of selling their products under trademarks and of obtaining protection for these trademarks by all available means. These trademarks are protected by registration in the United States and other countries where such products are marketed. The Company considers these trademarks in the aggregate to be of material importance in the operation of its businesses. 2 Table of Contents Seasonality Worldwide sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however, spending has been heavier in the fourth quarter of each year than in other quarters. This reflects increased spending decisions, principally for advertising and research and development activity. Competition In all of their product lines, the Company's subsidiaries compete with companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products is important to the Company’s success in all areas of its business. This also includes protecting the Company’s portfolio of intellectual property. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. In addition, the development and maintenance of customer demand for the Company’s consumer products involves significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. Research and Development Research activities represent a significant part of the Company’s businesses. Research and development expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, improving existing products, as well as demonstrating product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. The Company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products. Worldwide costs of research and development activities amounted to $8.2 billion, $7.7 billion and $7.5 billion for fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  Major research facilities are located not only in the United States, but also in Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.  Environment The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international environmental protection measures. The Company believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company’s compliance with these requirements did not during the past year, and is not expected to, have a material effect upon its capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings or competitive position. Regulation Most of the Company’s businesses are subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which operations are conducted, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent regulation. In the United States, the drug, device, diagnostics and cosmetic industries have long been subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies, primarily as to product safety, efficacy, manufacturing, advertising, labeling and safety reporting. The exercise of broad regulatory powers by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") continues to result in increases in the amounts of testing and documentation required for FDA clearance of new drugs and devices and a corresponding increase in the expense of product introduction. Similar trends are also evident in major markets outside of the United States. The costs of human health care have been and continue to be a subject of study, investigation and regulation by governmental agencies and legislative bodies around the world. In the United States, attention has been focused on drug prices and profits and programs that encourage doctors to write prescriptions for particular drugs or recommend, use or purchase particular medical devices. Payers have become a more potent force in the market place and increased attention is being paid to drug and medical device pricing, appropriate drug and medical device utilization and the quality and costs of health care generally. Following the U.S. Supreme Court decision in June 2012 upholding the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the "ACA"), there has been an increase in the pace of regulatory issuances by those U.S. government agencies designated to carry out the extensive requirements of the ACA.  These have both positive and negative impacts on the U.S. healthcare industry with much remaining uncertain as to how various provisions of the ACA will ultimately affect the industry. The regulatory agencies under whose purview the Company operates have administrative powers that may subject it to actions such as product withdrawals, recalls, seizure of products and other civil and criminal sanctions. In some cases, the Company’s subsidiaries may deem it advisable to initiate product recalls. In addition, business practices in the health care industry have come under increased scrutiny, particularly in the United States, by government agencies and state attorneys general, and resulting investigations and prosecutions carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. 3 Table of Contents Available Information The Company’s main corporate website address is  www.jnj.com.  Copies of the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Report on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and any amendments to the foregoing, will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company or by calling 1-800-950-5089. All of the Company’s SEC filings are also available on the Company’s website at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance/sec-filings.cfm , as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC’s website at  www.sec.gov . In addition, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation & Benefits Committee, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee, the Regulatory, Compliance & Government Affairs Committee and the Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors and the Company’s Principles of Corporate Governance, Policy on Business Conduct for employees, Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers, and other corporate governance materials, are available at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance/materials.cfm  on the Company's website and will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request, as provided above.  The information on the Company’s website is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings the Company makes with the SEC. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Some important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ from the Company’s expectations in any forward-looking statements in this Report are set forth in Exhibit 99 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. Item 2. PROPERTIES The Company's subsidiaries operate 144 manufacturing facilities occupying approximately 21.7 million square feet of floor space.  The manufacturing facilities are used by the industry segments of the Company’s business approximately as follows: Segment   Square Feet (in thousands) Consumer   7,104 Pharmaceutical   7,069 Medical Devices and Diagnostics   7,500 Worldwide Total   21,673 Within the United States, eight facilities are used by the Consumer segment, eight by the Pharmaceutical segment and 34 by the Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment. The Company’s manufacturing operations outside the United States are often conducted in facilities that serve more than one business segment.  The locations of the manufacturing facilities by major geographic areas of the world are as follows: Geographic Area   Number of Facilities   Square Feet (in thousands) United States   50   6,510 Europe   43   7,979 Western Hemisphere, excluding U.S.    15   2,886 Africa, Asia and Pacific   36   4,298 Worldwide Total   144   21,673 In addition to the manufacturing facilities discussed above, Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries maintain numerous office and warehouse facilities throughout the world. Research facilities are also discussed in Item 1 under “Business — Research and Development.” The Company's subsidiaries generally seek to own their manufacturing facilities, although some, principally in locations abroad, are leased. Office and warehouse facilities are often leased. 4 Table of Contents The Company is committed to maintaining all of its properties in good operating condition and repair, and the facilities are well utilized. McNEIL-PPC, Inc. continues to operate under a consent decree, signed in 2011 with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which governs certain McNeil Consumer Healthcare manufacturing operations.  McNeil continues to operate the manufacturing facilities in Las Piedras, Puerto Rico and Lancaster, Pennsylvania and has made significant progress, having met the remediation commitments at those facilities.  The Company also successfully reintroduced many products previously made in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, from other sites.  Plants operating under the consent decree will continue to produce a simplified portfolio focused on key brands. The Fort Washington manufacturing site is not in operation at this time and the Company recently made the decision to make further investments in that facility prior to certification.  A discussion of this matter can be found under the heading “Government Proceedings - McNeil Consumer Healthcare” in Note 21 “Legal Proceedings” under “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. For information regarding lease obligations, see Note 16 “Rental Expense and Lease Commitments” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Segment information on additions to property, plant and equipment is contained in Note 18 “Segments of Business and Geographic Areas” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The following information is incorporated by reference: the information set forth in Note 21 “Legal Proceedings” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. In addition, Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries are from time to time party to government investigations, inspections or other proceedings relating to environmental matters, including their compliance with applicable environmental laws.  In connection with a routine inspection of a subsidiary's manufacturing facility, the California Department of Toxic Substances Control (the "Department") has alleged violation of regulations dealing with the handling of certain wastes.  The Company believes that adequate defenses to those allegations exist and has reached an agreement in principal with the Department to resolve this matter.  The Company does not expect the resolution of this matter to have a material adverse impact on the Company. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Listed below are the executive officers of the Company as of February 21, 2014. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected. At the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the executive officers are elected by the Board to hold office for one year and until their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until earlier resignation or removal. Information with regard to the Directors of the Company, including information for Alex Gorsky, is incorporated herein by reference to the material captioned “Election of Directors” in the Proxy Statement. Name   Age   Position Dominic J. Caruso   56   Member, Executive Committee; Vice President, Finance; Chief Financial Officer(a) Peter M. Fasolo   51   Member, Executive Committee; Vice President, Global Human Resources(b) Alex Gorsky   53   Chairman, Board of Directors; Chairman, Executive Committee; Chief Executive Officer Sandra E. Peterson   55   Member, Executive Committee; Group Worldwide Chairman(c) Paulus Stoffels   52   Member, Executive Committee; Chief Scientific Officer; Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group(d) Michael H. Ullmann   55   Member, Executive Committee; Vice President, General Counsel(e) _______________________________________ 5 Table of Contents (a) Mr. D. J. Caruso joined the Company in 1999 when the Company acquired Centocor, Inc. At the time of that acquisition, he had been Senior Vice President, Finance of Centocor. Mr. Caruso was named Vice President, Finance of Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, in 2001 and Vice President, Group Finance of the Company’s Medical Devices and Diagnostics Group in 2003. In 2005, Mr. Caruso was named Vice President of the Company’s Group Finance organization. Mr. Caruso became a Member of the Executive Committee and Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer in 2007. (b) Dr. P. M. Fasolo joined the Company in 2004 as Vice President, Worldwide Human Resources for Cordis Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company. He was then named Vice President, Global Talent Management for the Company. He left Johnson & Johnson in 2007 to join Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. as Chief Talent Officer. Dr. Fasolo returned to the Company in 2010 as the Vice President, Global Human Resources, and in 2011, he became a Member of the Executive Committee. (c) Ms. S. E. Peterson joined the Company in 2012 as Group Worldwide Chairman and a Member of the Executive Committee, with responsibility for the Consumer Group of Companies, consumer-directed medical device businesses, Johnson & Johnson Vision Care and Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Care franchises, and functions such as Johnson & Johnson Supply Chain, Information Technology, Wellness and Prevention and Global Strategic Design.  Prior to joining Johnson & Johnson, Ms. Peterson had an extensive global career in healthcare, consumer goods and consulting. Most recently, she was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bayer CropScience AG in Germany, previously serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of Bayer Medical Care and President of Bayer HealthCare AG's Diabetes Care Division.  Before joining Bayer in 2005, Ms. Peterson held a number of leadership roles at Medco Health Solutions (previously known as Merck-Medco). Among her responsibilities was the application of information technology to healthcare systems.  (d) Dr. P. Stoffels joined the Company in 2002 with the acquisition of Virco and Tibotec, where he was Chief Executive Officer of Virco and Chairman of Tibotec. In 2005, he was appointed Company Group Chairman, Global Virology where he led the development of PREZISTA ®  and INTELENCE ® , leading products for the treatment of HIV.  In 2006, he assumed the role of Company Group Chairman, Pharmaceuticals, with responsibility for worldwide research and development for the Central Nervous System and Internal Medicine Franchises. Dr. Stoffels was appointed Global Head, Research & Development, Pharmaceuticals, in 2009, and in 2011 became Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group, with responsibility for the Company's therapeutic pipeline through global research and development and strategic business development. In 2012, Dr. Stoffels was also appointed Chief Scientific Officer, with responsibility for enterprise-wide innovation and product safety, and a Member of the Executive Committee.  (e) Mr. M. H. Ullmann joined the Company in 1989 as a corporate attorney in the Law Department.  He was appointed Corporate Secretary in 1999 and served in that role until 2006.  During that time, he also held various management positions in the Law Department.  In 2006, he was named General Counsel of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics Group.  Mr. Ullmann was appointed Vice President, General Counsel and a Member of the Executive Committee in 2012. PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES As of February 18, 2013, there were 165,304   record holders of Common Stock of the Company. Additional information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to: the material under the captions “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Dividends”; “— Other Information — Common Stock Market Prices”;  Note 17 “Common Stock, Stock Option Plans and Stock Compensation Agreements” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements”; and “Shareholder Return Performance Graphs” under "Supporting Schedules" of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K; and Item 12 “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters — Equity Compensation Plan Information” of this Report on Form 10-K. 6 Table of Contents Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2013. Common Stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.   The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option exercises that settled  in the fiscal fourth quarter. Period   Total Number of Shares Purchased   Avg. Price Paid Per Share   Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs September 30, 2013 through October 27, 2013   693,733   $ 88.12   -   - October 28, 2013 through November 24, 2013   1,929,925   92.95   -   - November 25, 2013 through December 29, 2013   2,728,307   94.07   -   - Total   5,351,965             Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA      The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the “Summary of Operations and Statistical Data 2003-2013” under "Supporting Schedules" of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the narrative and tabular material under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Financing and Market Risk” and Note 1 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Financial Instruments” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and the material under the caption “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Alex Gorsky, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic J. Caruso, Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and participated in  7 Table of Contents this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Gorsky and Caruso concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption "Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.   During the fiscal quarter ended December 29, 2013, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable.  PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE      The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions “Item 1: Election of Directors” and “Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance — Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” and the discussion of the Audit Committee under the caption “Corporate Governance — Standing Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement; and the material under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this Report on Form 10-K. The Company’s Policy on Business Conduct, which covers all employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller), meets the requirements of the SEC rules promulgated under Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Policy on Business Conduct is available on the Company’s website at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance/policies.cfm , and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company’s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Policy on Business Conduct or any waiver of the Policy granted to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Controller will be posted on the Company’s website at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance.cfm  within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year). In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers. The Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers is available on the Company’s website at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance/policies.cfm , and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company’s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Code or any waiver of the Code granted to any member of the Board of Directors or any executive officer will be posted on the Company’s website at  www.investor.jnj.com/governance.cfm  within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year). Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions Corporate Governance — Item 1: Election of Directors — Director Compensation - 2013,"  "Compensation Committee Report," “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and "Executive Compensation" in the Proxy Statement. The material incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption “Compensation Committee Report” in the Proxy Statement shall be deemed furnished, and not filed, in this Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a result of this furnishing, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Additional information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions “Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance” in the Proxy Statement and Note 17 “Common Stock, Stock Option Plans and Stock Compensation Agreements” under “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of the Annual Report, filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K. 8 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides certain information as of December 29, 2013 concerning the shares of the Company’s Common Stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and  Rights   Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights   Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (2)(3) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders (1) 151,707,900   $50.99   583,022,234 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders -   -   - Total 151,707,900   $50.99   583,022,234 _______________________________________ (1)   Included in this category are the following equity compensation plans, which have been approved by the Company’s shareholders: 2000 Stock Option Plan, 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (2)   This column excludes shares reflected under the column “Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights.” (3)   The 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired April 26, 2012.  All options and restricted shares granted subsequent to that date were under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions “Transactions with Related Persons” and “Corporate Governance — Director Independence” in the Proxy Statement. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Proxy Statement. 9 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1.  Financial Statements The following Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and the material under the caption “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” of the Annual Report are incorporated herein by reference and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report on Form 10-K: Consolidated Balance Sheets at end of Fiscal Years 2013 and 2012 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for Fiscal Years 2013, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Years 2013, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Equity for Fiscal Years 2013, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Years 2013, 2012 and 2011 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2.  Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable. 3.  Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 60l of Regulation S-K The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index in this report. 10 Table of Contents JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II — VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS Fiscal Years Ended December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and January 1, 2012 (Dollars in Millions)   Balance at Beginning of Period   Accruals   Payments/Other   Balance at End of Period 2013               Accrued Rebates (1) $ 2,466   10,559   (10,102 )   2,923 Accrued Returns 710   480   (558 )   632 Accrued Promotions 435   1,619   (1,571 )   483 Subtotal $ 3,611   12,658   (12,231 )   4,038 Reserve for doubtful accounts 466   53   (186 )   333 Reserve for cash discounts 105   1,097   (1,099 )   103 Total $ 4,182   13,808   (13,516 )   4,474 2012               Accrued Rebates (1) $ 2,215   8,973   (8,722 )   2,466 Accrued Returns 682   549   (521 )   710 Accrued Promotions 396   1,583   (1,544 )   435 Subtotal $ 3,293   11,105   (10,787 )   3,611 Reserve for doubtful accounts 361   127   (22 )   466 Reserve for cash discounts 99   1,010   (1,004 )   105 Total $ 3,753   12,242   (11,813 )   4,182 2011               Accrued Rebates (1) $ 2,146   8,331   (8,262 )   2,215 Accrued Returns 640   560   (518 )   682 Accrued Promotions 427   1,774   (1,805 )   396 Subtotal $ 3,213   10,665   (10,585 )   3,293 Reserve for doubtful accounts 340   77   (56 )   361 Reserve for cash discounts 110   960   (971 )   99 Total $ 3,663   11,702   (11,612 )   3,753 _______________________________________ (1)   Includes reserve for customer rebates of  $730 million, $642 million and $656 million at December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and January 1, 2012, respectively, recorded as a contra asset. 11 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date:   February 21, 2014 JOHNSON & JOHNSON (Registrant) By  /s/  A. Gorsky   A. Gorsky, Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. . Signature   Title   Date           /s/  A. Gorsky   Chairman, Board of Directors,   February 21, 2014 A. Gorsky   Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer)               /s/  D. J. Caruso   Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   February 21, 2014 D. J. Caruso                   /s/  S. J. Cosgrove   Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)   February 21, 2014 S. J. Cosgrove                   /s/  M. S. Coleman   Director   February 21, 2014 M. S. Coleman                   /s/  J. G. Cullen   Director   February 21, 2014 J. G. Cullen                   /s/  I. E. L. Davis   Director   February 21, 2014 I. E. L. Davis                   /s/  M. M. E. Johns   Director   February 21, 2014 M. M. E. Johns         12 Table of Contents Signature   Title   Date           /s/  S. L. Lindquist   Director   February 21, 2014 S. L. Lindquist                   /s/ M. B. McClellan   Director   February 21, 2014 M. B. McClellan                   /s/  A. M. Mulcahy   Director   February 21, 2014 A. M. Mulcahy                   /s/  L. F. Mullin   Director   February 21, 2014 L. F. Mullin                   /s/  W. D. Perez   Director   February 21, 2014 W. D. Perez                   /s/  C. Prince   Director   February 21, 2014 C. Prince                   /s/  A. E. Washington   Director   February 21, 2014 A. E. Washington                   /s/  R. A. Williams   Director   February 21, 2014 R. A. Williams         13 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE To the Board of Directors of Johnson & Johnson: Our audits of the consolidated financial statements and of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting referred to in our report dated February 21, 2014 appearing in the 2013 Annual Report to Shareholders of Johnson & Johnson (which report and consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 21, 2014 14 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Reg. S-K     Exhibit Table   Description Item No.   of Exhibit 3(i)(a)   Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective April 26, 1990 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 30, 1990. 3(i)(b)   Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company effective May 20, 1992 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended January 3, 1993. 3(i)(c)   Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company effective May 21, 1996 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a)(iii) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 29, 1996. 3(i)(d)   Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company effective May 22, 2001 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended July 1, 2001. 3(i)(e)   Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company effective April 27, 2006 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended April 2, 2006. 3(ii)   By-Laws of the Company, as amended effective April 17, 2012 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 the Registrant’s Form 8-K Current Report filed April 19, 2012. 4(a)   Upon the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Registrant will furnish a copy of all instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant. 10(a)   Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 29, 1996.* 10(b)   2000 Stock Option Plan (as amended) — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(b) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended January 1, 2012.* 10(c)   2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registrant’s S-8 Registration Statement filed with the Commission on May 10, 2005 (file no. 333-124785).* 10(d)   Form of Restricted Shares to Non-Employee Directors under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K Current Report filed August 25, 2005.* 10(e)   Form of Stock Option Certificate, Restricted Share Unit Certificate and Performance Share Unit Certificate under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K Current Report filed January 13, 2012.* 10(f)   2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 14, 2012 .* 10(g)   Form of Stock Option Certificate, Restricted Share Unit Certificate and Performance Share Unit Certificate under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed May 7, 2012.* 10(h)   Executive Incentive Plan (as amended) — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2000.* 10(i)   Domestic Deferred Compensation (Certificate of Extra Compensation) Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2003.* 10(j)   Amendments to the Certificate of Extra Compensation Plan effective as of January 1, 2009 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(j) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2008.* 10(k)   2009 Certificates of Long-Term Performance Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 27, 2009.* 10(l)   Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan for Directors — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(k) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended January 1, 2012.* 10(m)   Executive Income Deferral Plan (Amended and Restated) — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2012.* 15 Table of Contents Reg. S-K     Exhibit Table   Description Item No.   of Exhibit 10(n)   Excess Savings Plan — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(j) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 29, 1996.* 10(o)   Amendments to the Johnson & Johnson Excess Savings Plan effective as of January 1, 2009 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(p) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2008.* 10(p)   Excess Benefit Plan (Supplemental Retirement Plan) — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(h) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended January 3, 1993.* 10(q)   Amendments to the Excess Benefit Plan of Johnson & Johnson and Affiliated Companies effective as of January 1, 2009 — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(r) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 28, 2008.* 10(r)   Executive Life Plan Agreement — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(i) of the Registrant’s Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended January 3, 1993.* 10(s)   Johnson & Johnson Retirement Savings Plan, Johnson & Johnson Savings Plan for Union Represented Employees, and Johnson & Johnson Savings Plan - Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 of the Registrant's Form S-8 filed with the Commission on May 6, 2013.* 10(t)   Employment Agreement for Dr. Paulus Stoffels - Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2012.* 10(u)   Summary of Employment Arrangements for Sandra E. Peterson — Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(t) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended December 30, 2012.* 12   Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges — Filed with this document. 13   The following sections of the Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 2013, which are incorporated by reference in this report, are deemed “filed”:  “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition”; “Audited Consolidated Financial Statements”; “Supporting Schedules - Summary of Operations and Statistical Data 2003 - 2013”; and “Supporting Schedules - Shareholder Return Performance Graphs” - Filed with this document. 21   Subsidiaries — Filed with this document. 23   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — Filed with this document. 31(a)   Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act — Filed with this document. 31(b)   Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act — Filed with this document. 32(a)   Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act — Furnished with this document. 32(b)   Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act — Furnished with this document. 99   Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 — “Safe Harbor” for Forward-Looking Statements — Filed with this document. 101   XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) The following materials from Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 29, 2013, formatted in Extensive Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. _______________________________________ * Management contract or compensatory plan. A copy of any of the Exhibits listed above will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request specifying the desired exhibit(s) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company. 16 	 
 
 
 
