
 10-K
 1
 frt-1231201710k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   FORM 10-K ý ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO THE SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2017   OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from              to              Commission file number: 1-07533   FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Declaration of Trust)   Maryland   52-0782497 (State of Organization)   (IRS Employer Identification No.)     1626 East Jefferson Street, Rockville, Maryland   20852 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)   (Zip Code) (301) 998-8100 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $.01 par value per share, with associated Common Share Purchase Rights   New York Stock Exchange Depository Shares, each representing 1/1000 of a share of 5.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share   New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     ý   Yes     ¨   No Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.     ¨   Yes     ý   No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     ý   Yes     ¨   No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     ý   Yes     ¨   No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     ý Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large Accelerated Filer ý Accelerated Filer ¨         Non-Accelerated Filer o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company ¨     Emerging growth company ¨         If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      ¨   Yes     ý   No The aggregate market value of the Registrant's common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing sales price of the Registrant's common shares on  June 30, 2017  was  $9.1 billion . The number of Registrant’s common shares outstanding on  February 8, 2018  was  73,192,726 . Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FISCAL YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2017 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Registrant’s  2017  annual meeting of shareholders to be held in May  2018  will be incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.  TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I     Item 1. Business  3 Item 1A. Risk Factors  7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  16 Item 2. Properties  16 Item 3. Legal Proceedings  24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  25       PART II     Item 5. Market for Our Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  26 Item 6. Selected Financial Data  28 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  51 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  52 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  52 Item 9B. Other Information  52       PART III     Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  53 Item 11. Executive Compensation  53 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters  53 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence  53 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  53       PART IV     Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  53 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary  57     SIGNATURES  58  2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1.    BUSINESS References to “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Trust” refer to Federal Realty Investment Trust and our business and operations conducted through our directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries. General We are an equity real estate investment trust (“REIT”) specializing in the ownership, management, and redevelopment of high quality retail and mixed-use properties located primarily in densely populated and affluent communities in strategically selected metropolitan markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, as well as in California and South Florida. As of  December 31, 2017 , we owned or had a majority interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties which are operated as  104  predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately  24.2 million  square feet. In total, the real estate projects were  95.3%  leased and  93.9%  occupied at  December 31, 2017 . We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our dividends per common share for  50  consecutive years. We were founded in 1962 as a REIT under the laws of the District of Columbia and re-formed as a REIT in the state of Maryland in 1999. We operate in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes pursuant to provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). Our principal executive offices are located at 1626 East Jefferson Street, Rockville, Maryland 20852. Our telephone number is (301) 998-8100. Our website address is  www.federalrealty.com . The information contained on our website is not a part of this report and is not incorporated herein by reference. Business Objectives and Strategies Our primary business objective is to own, manage, acquire and redevelop a portfolio of high quality retail focused properties that will: • provide increasing cash flow for distribution to shareholders; • generate higher internal growth than the shopping center industry over the long term; • provide potential for capital appreciation; and • protect investor capital. Our portfolio includes, and we continue to acquire and redevelop, high quality retail in many formats ranging from regional, community and neighborhood shopping centers that often are anchored by grocery stores to mixed-use properties that are typically centered around a retail component but also include office, residential and/or hotel components. Operating Strategies Our core operating strategy is to actively manage our properties to maximize rents and maintain occupancy levels by attracting and retaining a strong and diverse base of tenants and replacing less relevant, weaker, underperforming tenants with stronger ones. Our properties are generally located in some of the most densely populated and affluent areas of the country. These strong demographics help our tenants generate higher sales, which has enabled us to maintain higher occupancy rates, charge higher rental rates, and maintain steady rent growth, all of which increase the value of our portfolio. Our operating strategies also include: • increasing rental rates through the renewal of expiring leases or the leasing of space to new tenants at higher rental rates while limiting vacancy and down-time; • maintaining a diversified tenant base, thereby limiting exposure to any one tenant’s financial or operating difficulties; • monitoring the merchandising mix of our tenant base to achieve a balance of strong national and regional tenants with local specialty tenants; • minimizing overhead and operating costs; • monitoring the physical appearance of our properties and the construction quality, condition and design of the buildings and other improvements located on our properties to maximize our ability to attract customers and thereby generate higher rents and occupancy rates; • developing local and regional market expertise in order to capitalize on market and retailing trends; • leveraging the contacts and experience of our management team to build and maintain long-term relationships with tenants;   3 Table of Contents • providing exceptional customer service; and • creating an experience at many of our properties that is identifiable, unique and serves the surrounding communities to help insulate these properties and the tenants at these properties from the impact of on-line retailing. Investing Strategies Our investment strategy is to deploy capital at risk-adjusted rates of return that exceed our long-term weighted average cost of capital in projects that have potential for future income growth and increased value. Our investments primarily fall into one of the following four categories: • renovating, expanding, reconfiguring and/or retenanting our existing properties to take advantage of under-utilized land or existing square footage to increase revenue; • renovating or expanding tenant spaces for tenants capable of producing higher sales, and therefore, paying higher rents; • acquiring quality retail and mixed-use properties located in densely populated and/or affluent areas where barriers to entry for further development are high, and that have possibilities for enhancing operating performance and creating value through renovation, expansion, reconfiguration and/or retenanting; and • developing the retail portions of mixed-use properties and developing or otherwise investing in non-retail portions of mixed-use properties we already own in order to capitalize on the overall value created in these properties. Investment Criteria When we evaluate potential redevelopment, retenanting, expansion, acquisition and development opportunities, we consider such factors as: • the expected returns in relation to our short and long-term cost of capital as well as the anticipated risk we will face in achieving the expected returns; • the anticipated growth rate of operating income generated by the property; • the ability to increase the long-term value of the property through redevelopment and retenanting; • the tenant mix at the property, tenant sales performance and the creditworthiness of those tenants; • the geographic area in which the property is located, including the population density, household incomes, education levels, as well as the population and income trends in that geographic area; • competitive conditions in the vicinity of the property, including gross leasable area (GLA) per capita, competition for tenants and the ability of others to create competing properties through redevelopment, new construction or renovation; • access to and visibility of the property from existing roadways and the potential for new, widened or realigned, roadways within the property’s trade area, which may affect access and commuting and shopping patterns; • the level and success of our existing investments in the market area; • the current market value of the land, buildings and other improvements and the potential for increasing those market values; and • the physical condition of the land, buildings and other improvements, including the structural and environmental condition. Financing Strategies Our financing strategies are designed to enable us to maintain an investment grade balance sheet while retaining sufficient flexibility to fund our operating and investing activities in the most cost-efficient way possible. Our financing strategies include: • maintaining a prudent level of overall leverage and an appropriate pool of unencumbered properties that is sufficient to support our unsecured borrowings; • managing our exposure to variable-rate debt; • maintaining an available line of credit to fund operating and investing needs on a short-term basis; • taking advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt, reduce interest costs and manage our debt maturity schedule so that a significant portion of our debt relative to our size does not mature in any one year; • selling properties that have limited growth potential or are not a strategic fit within our overall portfolio and redeploying the proceeds to redevelop, renovate, retenant and/or expand our existing properties, acquire new properties or reduce debt; and • utilizing the most advantageous long-term source of capital available to us to finance redevelopment and acquisition opportunities, which may include: ◦ the sale of our equity or debt securities through public offerings, including our at-the-market ("ATM") equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares, or private placements, ◦ the incurrence of indebtedness through unsecured or secured borrowings,  4 Table of Contents ◦ the issuance of operating partnership units in a new or existing “downREIT partnership” that is controlled and consolidated by us (generally operating partnership units in a “downREIT” partnership are issued in exchange for a tax deferred contribution of property; these units receive the same distributions as our common shares and the holders of these units have the right to exchange their units for cash or the same number of our common shares, at our option), or ◦ the use of joint venture arrangements. Employees At  February 8, 2018 , we had 311 full-time employees and 15 part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. Tax Status We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the federal income tax laws when we filed our 1962 tax return. As a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our shareholders. Under the Code, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least  90%  of taxable income each year. We will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) at regular corporate rates if we fail to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes in any taxable year, or to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our taxable income. We will also generally not qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost. Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to certain state and local income and franchise taxes and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries, which we refer to as a TRS. In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Code. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes. Our TRS activities have not been material. Governmental Regulations Affecting Our Properties We and our properties are subject to a variety of federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and similar laws, including without limitation: • the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, which we refer to as CERCLA; • the Resource Conservation & Recovery Act; • the Federal Clean Water Act; • the Federal Clean Air Act; • the Toxic Substances Control Act; • the Occupational Safety & Health Act; and • the Americans with Disabilities Act. The application of these laws to a specific property that we own depends on a variety of property-specific circumstances, including the current and former uses of the property, the building materials used at the property and the physical layout of the property. Under certain environmental laws, principally CERCLA, we, as the owner or operator of properties currently or previously owned, may be required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous or toxic substances, asbestos-containing materials, or petroleum product releases at the property. We may also be held liable to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean up costs incurred in connection with the contamination, whether or not we knew of, or were responsible for, such contamination. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. As the owner or operator of real estate, we also may be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the real estate. Such costs or liabilities could exceed the value of the affected real estate. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Neither existing environmental, health, safety and similar laws nor the costs of our compliance with these laws has had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe they will in the future. In addition, we have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, any material costs or liabilities due to environmental contamination at properties we currently own or have owned in the past. However, we cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on properties we currently own or may acquire in the future. We have no current plans for substantial capital expenditures with respect to compliance with environmental, health, safety and similar laws and we carry environmental insurance which covers a number of environmental risks for most of our properties.  5 Table of Contents Competition Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us with respect to the leasing and the acquisition of properties. Some of these competitors may possess greater capital resources than we do, although we do not believe that any single competitor or group of competitors in any of the primary markets where our properties are located are dominant in that market. This competition may: • reduce the number of properties available for acquisition; • increase the cost of properties available for acquisition; • interfere with our ability to attract and retain tenants, leading to increased vacancy rates and/or reduced rents; and • adversely affect our ability to minimize expenses of operation. Retailers at our properties also face increasing competition from online retailers, outlet stores, discount shopping clubs, superstores, and other forms of sales and marketing of goods and services, such as direct mail. This competition could contribute to lease defaults and insolvency of tenants. Available Information Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) are available free of charge through the Investors section of our website at  www.federalrealty.com  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish the material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers, Whistleblower Policy, organizational documents and the charters of our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are all available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investors section of our website. Amendments to the Code of Ethics or Code of Business Conduct or waivers that apply to any of our executive officers or our senior financial officers will be disclosed in that section of our website as well. You may obtain a printed copy of any of the foregoing materials from us by writing to us at Investor Relations, Federal Realty Investment Trust, 1626 East Jefferson Street, Rockville, Maryland 20852.  6 Table of Contents ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Also, documents that we “incorporate by reference” into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents that we subsequently file with the SEC will contain forward-looking statements. When we refer to forward-looking statements or information, sometimes we use words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “plans,” “intends,” “expects,” “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates” and “continues.” In particular, the below risk factors describe forward-looking information. The risk factors describe risks that may affect these statements but are not all-inclusive, particularly with respect to possible future events. Many things can happen that can cause actual results to be different from those we describe. These factors include, but are not limited to the following: Revenue from our properties may be reduced or limited if the retail operations of our tenants are not successful. Revenue from our properties depends primarily on the ability of our tenants to pay the full amount of rent and other charges due under their leases on a timely basis. Some of our leases provide for the payment, in addition to base rent, of additional rent above the base amount according to a specified percentage of the gross sales generated by the tenants and generally provide for reimbursement of real estate taxes and expenses of operating the property. Economic and/or competitive conditions may impact the success of our tenants’ retail operations and therefore the amount of rent and expense reimbursements we receive from our tenants. While demand for our retail spaces has been sufficient to increase occupancy, there can be no assurance that this will continue. Any reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent, or other charges on a timely basis, including the filing by any of our tenants for bankruptcy protection, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In the event of default by a tenant, we may experience delays and unexpected costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under lease terms, which may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our net income depends on the success and continued presence of our “anchor” tenants. Our net income could be adversely affected in the event of a downturn in the business, or the bankruptcy or insolvency, of any anchor store or anchor tenant. Anchor tenants generally occupy large amounts of square footage, pay a significant portion of the total rents at a property and contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing significant numbers of customers to a property. The closing of one or more anchor stores at a property could adversely affect that property and result in lease terminations by, or reductions in rent from, other tenants whose leases may permit termination or rent reduction in those circumstances or whose own operations may suffer as a result. We have been experiencing higher levels of anchor vacancy and expect this will persist over the next few years while we are actively releasing vacant space, and in some cases, redeveloping the shopping center. As of December 31, 2017, our anchor tenant space is 98.1% leased and 96.5% occupied. We also have seen an overall decrease in the number of tenants available to fill anchor spaces. Therefore, tenant demand for certain of our anchor spaces may decrease and as a result, we may see an increase in vacancy and/or a decrease in rents for those spaces that could have a negative impact to our net income. We may be unable to collect balances due from tenants that file for bankruptcy protection. If a tenant or lease guarantor files for bankruptcy, we may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by that party. In addition, a tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may terminate our lease in which event we would have a general unsecured claim that would likely be for less than the full amount owed to us for the remainder of the lease term, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience difficulty or delay in renewing leases or re-leasing space. We derive most of our revenue directly or indirectly from rent received from our tenants. We are subject to the risks that, upon expiration or termination of leases, whether by their terms, as a result of a tenant bankruptcy, general economic conditions or otherwise, leases for space in our properties may not be renewed, space may not be re-leased, or the terms of renewal or re-lease, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than current lease terms and may include decreases in rental rates. As a result, our net income could be reduced.  The amount of debt we have and the restrictions imposed by that debt could adversely affect our business and financial condition. As of  December 31, 2017 , we had approximately  $3.3 billion  of debt outstanding. Of that outstanding debt, approximately  $491.6 million  was secured by all or a portion of  13  of our real estate projects and approximately  $71.6 million  represented capital lease obligations on four of our properties. As of  December 31, 2017 ,  98.8%  of our debt is fixed rate, which includes all of our property secured debt, our unsecured senior notes, our capital lease obligations, and our  $275.0 million  term loan, as the rate is effectively fixed by  two  interest rate swap agreements. Our organizational documents do not limit the level or amount of   7 Table of Contents debt that we may incur. The amount of our debt outstanding from time to time could have important consequences to our shareholders. For example, it could: • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, property acquisitions, redevelopments and other appropriate business opportunities that may arise in the future; • limit our ability to make distributions on our outstanding common shares and preferred shares; • make it difficult to satisfy our debt service requirements; • require us to dedicate increased amounts of our cash flow from operations to payments on debt upon refinancing or on our variable rate, unhedged debt, if interest rates rise; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the factors that affect the profitability of our business; • limit our ability to obtain any additional debt or equity financing we may need in the future for working capital, debt refinancing, capital expenditures, acquisitions, redevelopments or other general corporate purposes or to obtain such financing on favorable terms; and/or • limit our flexibility in conducting our business, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness will depend primarily on our future performance, which to a certain extent is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt or meet our other cash needs. If we are unable to generate this cash flow from our business, we may be required to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, sell assets or obtain additional financing to meet our debt obligations and other cash needs, including the payment of dividends required to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust. We cannot assure you that any such refinancing, sale of assets or additional financing would be possible on terms that we would find acceptable. We are obligated to comply with financial and other covenants pursuant to our debt obligations that could restrict our operating activities, and the failure to comply with such covenants could result in defaults that accelerate payment under our debt agreements. Our revolving credit facility, term loan and certain series of notes include financial covenants that may limit our operating activities in the future. We are also required to comply with additional covenants that include, among other things, provisions: • relating to the maintenance of property securing a mortgage; • restricting our ability to pledge assets or create liens; • restricting our ability to incur additional debt; • restricting our ability to amend or modify existing leases at properties securing a mortgage; • restricting our ability to enter into transactions with affiliates; and • restricting our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. As of  December 31, 2017 , we were in compliance with all of our default related financial covenants. If we were to breach any of our default related debt covenants, including the covenants listed above, and did not cure the breach within any applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately, and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. Many of our debt arrangements, including our public notes, term loan and our revolving credit facility, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares. Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms Our credit worthiness is rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings assigned are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we access, as well as the terms of certain existing and future financing we obtain. Since we depend on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit rating, including actual changes in outlook, or even the initiation of review of our credit rating that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us.  8 Table of Contents Our development activities have inherent risks. The ground-up development of improvements on real property, as opposed to the renovation and redevelopment of existing improvements, presents substantial risks. We generally do not look to acquire raw land for future development; however, we do intend to complete the development and construction of future phases of projects we already own, such as Assembly Row in Somerville, Massachusetts and Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland. We may undertake development of these and other projects on our own or bring in third parties if it is justifiable on a risk-adjusted return basis. We may also choose to delay completion of a project if market conditions do not allow an appropriate return. If conditions arise and we are not able or decide not to complete a project or if the expected cash flows of our project do not exceed the book value, an impairment of the project may be required. If additional phases of any of our existing projects or if any new projects are not successful, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. During  2017 , construction continued on the development of Phase II at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, with portions of both projects opening during 2017. At Santana Row, we continue our on-going redevelopment efforts, including construction of an eight story 284,000 square foot office building, which will include an additional 29,000 square feet of retail space and 1,300 parking spaces. A further discussion of these projects, expected costs, and current status can be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the "Outlook" subsection. In addition to the risks associated with real estate investment in general, as described elsewhere and the specific risks above, the risks associated with our remaining development activities include: • contractor changes may delay the completion of development projects and increase overall costs; • significant time lag between commencement and stabilization subjects us to greater risks due to fluctuations in the general economy; • delivery of residential product (both rental units and for sale condominium units) into uncertain residential environments may result in lower rents or sale prices than underwritten or longer time periods to reach economic stabilization; • substantial amount of our investment is related to infrastructure, the value of which may be negatively impacted if we do not complete subsequent phases; • failure or inability to obtain construction or permanent financing on favorable terms; • failure or inability to obtain public funding from governmental agencies to fund infrastructure projects, including public funding in connection with our development at Assembly Row; • expenditure of money and time on projects that may never be completed; • failure or inability of partners to perform on hotel joint ventures; • the third-party developer of office or other buildings may not deliver or may encounter delays in delivering space as planned;  • difficulty securing key anchor or other tenants may impact occupancy rates and projected revenue; • inability to achieve projected rental rates or anticipated pace of lease-up; • higher than estimated construction or operating costs, including labor and material costs; and • possible delay in completion of a project because of a number of factors, including weather, labor disruptions, construction delays or delays in receipt of zoning or other regulatory approvals, acts of terror or other acts of violence, or acts of God (such as fires, earthquakes or floods). Redevelopments and acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. Our investment strategy includes the redevelopment and acquisition of high quality, retail focused properties in densely populated areas with high average household incomes and significant barriers to adding competitive retail supply. The redevelopment and acquisition of properties entail risks that include the following, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations: • our estimate of the costs to improve, reposition or redevelop a property may prove to be too low, or the time we estimate to complete the improvement, repositioning or redevelopment may be too short. As a result, the property may fail to achieve the returns we have projected, either temporarily or for a longer time; • we may not be able to identify suitable properties to acquire or may be unable to complete the acquisition of the properties we identify; • we may not be able to integrate an acquisition into our existing operations successfully; • properties we redevelop or acquire may fail to achieve the occupancy or rental rates we project, within the time frames we project, at the time we make the decision to invest, which may result in the properties’ failure to achieve the returns we projected; • our pre-acquisition evaluation of the physical condition of each new investment may not detect certain defects or identify necessary repairs until after the property is acquired, which could significantly increase our total acquisition costs or decrease cash flow from the property; and  9 Table of Contents • our investigation of a property or building prior to our acquisition, and any representations we may receive from the seller of such building or property, may fail to reveal various liabilities, which could reduce the cash flow from the property or increase our acquisition cost. Our ability to grow will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital. Our growth strategy is focused on the redevelopment of properties we already own and the acquisition of additional properties. We believe that it will be difficult to fund our expected growth with cash from operating activities because, in addition to other requirements, we are generally required to distribute to our shareholders at least  90%  of our taxable income each year to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a result, we must rely primarily upon the availability of debt or equity capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Debt could include the sale of debt securities and mortgage loans from third parties. If economic conditions and conditions in the capital markets are not favorable at the time we need to raise capital, we may need to obtain capital on less favorable terms.  Additionally, we cannot guarantee that additional financing, refinancing or other capital will be available in the amounts we desire or on favorable terms. Our access to debt or equity capital depends on a number of factors, including the market’s perception of our growth potential and risk profile, our ability to pay dividends, and our current and potential future earnings. Depending on the outcome of these factors as well as the impact of the economic environment, we could experience delay or difficulty in implementing our growth strategy on satisfactory terms, or be unable to implement this strategy. Rising interest rates could adversely affect our cash flow and the market price of our outstanding debt and preferred shares. Of our approximately  $3.3 billion  of debt outstanding as of  December 31, 2017 , approximately  $316.0 million  bears interest at variable rates, of which  $275.0 million  is effectively fixed at  2.62%  through  two  interest rate swap agreements. We have an  $800.0 million  revolving credit facility, on which  $41.0 million  is outstanding at  December 31, 2017 , that bears interest at  LIBOR plus 82.5 basis points . We may borrow additional funds at variable interest rates in the future. Increases in interest rates would increase the interest expense on our variable rate debt and reduce our cash flow, which could adversely affect our ability to service our debt and meet our other obligations and also could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our shareholders. We may enter into hedging arrangements or other transactions for all or a portion of our variable rate debt to limit our exposure to rising interest rates. However, the amounts we are required to pay under the term loan and any other variable rate debt to which hedging or similar arrangements relate may increase in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any of our hedging arrangements. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our debt securities and preferred shares to demand a higher annual yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our outstanding debt securities and preferred shares and the cost and/or timing of refinancing or issuing additional debt securities or preferred shares. The market value of our debt and equity securities is subject to various factors that may cause significant fluctuations or volatility. As with other publicly traded securities, the market price of our debt and equity securities depends on various factors, which may change from time to time and/or may be unrelated to our financial condition, operating performance or prospects that may cause significant fluctuations or volatility in such prices. These factors include, among others: • general economic and financial market conditions; • level and trend of interest rates; • our ability to access the capital markets to raise additional capital; • the issuance of additional equity or debt securities; • changes in our funds from operations (“FFO”) or earnings estimates; • changes in our debt or analyst ratings; • our financial condition and performance; • market perception of our business compared to other REITs; and • market perception of REITs, in general, compared to other investment alternatives. Loss of our key management could adversely affect performance and the value of our common shares. We are dependent on the efforts of our key management. Although we believe qualified replacements could be found for any departures of key executives, the loss of their services could adversely affect our performance and the value of our common shares.  10 Table of Contents Our performance and value are subject to general risks associated with the real estate industry. Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and, consequently, the value of our investments, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our shareholders will be adversely affected. As a real estate company, we are susceptible to the following real estate industry risks: • economic downturns in general, or in the areas where our properties are located; • adverse changes in local real estate market conditions, such as an oversupply or reduction in demand; • changes in tenant preferences that reduce the attractiveness of our properties to tenants; • zoning or regulatory restrictions; • decreases in market rental rates; • weather conditions that may increase or decrease energy costs and other weather-related expenses; • costs associated with the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; and • increases in the cost of adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, associated with one or more properties, which may occur even when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in revenues from one or more properties, although real estate taxes typically do not increase upon a reduction in such revenues. Each of these risks could result in decreases in market rental rates and increases in vacancy rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from our properties decreases. Our financial results depend primarily on leasing space in our properties to tenants on terms favorable to us. Costs associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced even when a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, or other circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. As a result, cash flow from the operations of our properties may be reduced if a tenant does not pay its rent or we are unable to rent our properties on favorable terms. Under those circumstances, we might not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and may incur substantial legal costs. Additionally, new properties that we may acquire or redevelop may not produce any significant revenue immediately, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with such new properties until they are fully occupied. Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties and generate sufficient income from tenants. Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. This competition may: • reduce properties available for acquisition; • increase the cost of properties available for acquisition; • reduce rents payable to us; • interfere with our ability to attract and retain tenants; • lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties; and • adversely affect our ability to minimize expenses of operation. Retailers at our properties also face increasing competition from online retailers, outlet stores, discount shopping clubs and other forms of sales and marketing of goods, such as direct mail. This competition could contribute to lease defaults and insolvency of tenants. If we are unable to continue to attract appropriate retail tenants to our properties, or to purchase new properties in our geographic markets, it could materially affect our ability to generate net income, service our debt and make distributions to our shareholders. We may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, there are some limitations under federal income tax laws applicable to real estate and to REITs in particular that may limit our ability to sell our assets. We may not be able to alter our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions including being unable to sell a property at a return we believe is appropriate due to the economic environment. Our inability to respond quickly to adverse changes in the performance of our investments could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to our shareholders.  11 Table of Contents Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate. We currently carry comprehensive insurance on all of our properties, including insurance for liability, fire, flood, earthquake, environmental matters, rental loss and acts of terrorism. All of these policies contain coverage limitations. We believe these coverages are of the types and amounts customarily obtained for or by an owner of similar types of real property assets located in the areas where our properties are located. We intend to obtain similar insurance coverage on subsequently acquired properties. The availability of insurance coverage may decrease and the prices for insurance may increase as a consequence of significant losses incurred by the insurance industry and other factors outside our control. As a result, we may be unable to renew or duplicate our current insurance coverage in adequate amounts or at reasonable prices. In addition, insurance companies may no longer offer coverage against certain types of losses, such as losses due to terrorist acts and toxic mold, or, if offered, the expense of obtaining these types of insurance may not be justified. We therefore may cease to have insurance coverage against certain types of losses and/or there may be decreases in the limits of insurance available. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of our insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, but still remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot guarantee that material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. If any of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Also, due to inflation, changes in codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, it may not be feasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a building after it has been damaged or destroyed. Further, we may be unable to collect insurance proceeds if our insurers are unable to pay or contest a claim. Events such as these could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations, including distributions to our shareholders. We may have limited flexibility in dealing with our jointly owned investments. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of funds that we may invest in properties and assets owned jointly with other persons or entities. As of  December 31, 2017 , we held 16 predominantly retail real estate projects jointly with other persons in addition to properties owned in a “downREIT” structure. Additionally, we have entered into joint venture agreements related to the hotel component of Phase II of our Pike & Rose and Assembly Row development projects. We may make additional joint investments in the future. Our existing and future joint investments may subject us to special risks, including the possibility that our partners or co-investors might become bankrupt, that those partners or co-investors might have economic or other business interests or goals which are unlike or incompatible with our business interests or goals, that those partners or co-investors might be in a position to take action contrary to our suggestions or instructions, or in opposition to our policies or objectives, and that disputes may develop with our joint venture partners over decisions affecting the property or the joint venture, which may result in litigation or arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. Although as of  December 31, 2017 , we held the controlling interests in all of our existing co-investments (except the hotel investments discussed above and the investment in the La Alameda shopping center acquired in 2017), we generally must obtain the consent of the co-investor or meet defined criteria to sell or to finance these properties. Joint ownership gives a third party the opportunity to influence the return we can achieve on some of our investments and may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. We may also be liable for the actions of our co-investors. Environmental laws and regulations could reduce the value or profitability of our properties. All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to hazardous materials, environmental protection and human health and safety. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we and our tenants may be required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous or toxic substances released on or in properties we own or operate, and also may be required to pay other costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. This liability may be imposed without regard to whether we or our tenants knew about the release of these types of substances or were responsible for their release. The presence of contamination or the failure to properly remediate contamination at any of our properties may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease those properties or to borrow funds by using those properties as collateral. The costs or liabilities could exceed the value of the affected real estate. We are not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of our properties that management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations taken as a whole. The uses of any of our properties prior to our acquisition of the property and the building materials used at the property are among the property-specific factors that will affect how the environmental laws are applied to our properties. If we are subject to any material environmental liabilities, the liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations. We cannot predict what other environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted or what environmental conditions may be found to exist on the properties in the future. Compliance with existing and new laws and regulations may require us or our tenants to spend funds to remedy   12 Table of Contents environmental problems. Our tenants, like many of their competitors, have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs associated with complying with these laws and regulations, which will adversely affect their potential profitability. Generally, our tenants must comply with environmental laws and meet remediation requirements. Our leases typically impose obligations on our tenants to indemnify us from any compliance costs we may incur as a result of the environmental conditions on the property caused by the tenant. If a lease does not require compliance or if a tenant fails to or cannot comply, we could be forced to pay these costs. If not addressed, environmental conditions could impair our ability to sell or re-lease the affected properties in the future or result in lower sales prices or rent payments. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 could require us to take remedial steps with respect to existing or newly acquired properties. Our existing properties, as well as properties we may acquire, as commercial facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Investigation of a property may reveal non-compliance with this Act. The requirements of this Act, or of other federal, state or local laws or regulations, also may change in the future and restrict further renovations of our properties with respect to access for disabled persons. Future compliance with this Act may require expensive changes to the properties. The revenues generated by our tenants could be negatively affected by various federal, state and local laws to which they are subject. We and our tenants are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations, such as local licensing requirements, consumer protection laws and state and local fire, life-safety and similar requirements that affect the use of the properties. The leases typically require that each tenant comply with all laws and regulations. Failure to comply could result in fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants, or restrictions on the ability to conduct business on such properties. Non-compliance of this sort could reduce our revenues from a tenant, could require us to pay penalties or fines relating to any non-compliance, and could adversely affect our ability to sell or lease a property. Failure to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes would cause us to be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of distributions. We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and currently intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. However, we cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as such in the future. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions and applicable income tax regulations that have been issued under the Code. Certain facts and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying rents and certain other income. Satisfying this requirement could be difficult, for example, if defaults by tenants were to reduce the amount of income from qualifying rents. As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least  90%  of our taxable income. In addition, new legislation, new regulations, new administrative interpretations or new court decisions may significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. Any modification in the tax treatment of REITs could have a significant adverse impact to our net income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT: • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing taxable income; • we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; • we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax; • unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified; • we could be required to pay significant income taxes, which would substantially reduce the funds available for investment or for distribution to our shareholders for each year in which we failed or were not permitted to qualify; and • we would no longer be required by law to make any distributions to our shareholders.  13 Table of Contents We may be required to incur additional debt to qualify as a REIT. As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least  90%  of our taxable income. We are subject to income tax on amounts of undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, we would be subject to a 4% excise tax if we fail to distribute sufficient income to meet a minimum distribution test based on our ordinary income, capital gain and aggregate undistributed income from prior years. We intend to make distributions to shareholders to comply with the Code’s distribution provisions and to avoid federal income and excise tax. We may need to borrow funds to meet our distribution requirements because: • our income may not be matched by our related expenses at the time the income is considered received for purposes of determining taxable income; and • non-deductible capital expenditures, creation of reserves, or debt service requirements may reduce available cash but not taxable income. In these circumstances, we might have to borrow funds on terms we might otherwise find unfavorable and we may have to borrow funds even if our management believes the market conditions make borrowing financially unattractive. Current tax law also allows us to pay a portion of our distributions in shares instead of cash. To maintain our status as a REIT, we limit the amount of shares any one shareholder can own. The Code imposes certain limitations on the ownership of the stock of a REIT. For example, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code) during the last half of any taxable year. To protect our REIT status, our declaration of trust prohibits any one shareholder from owning (actually or constructively) more than 9.8% in value of the outstanding common shares or of any class or series of outstanding preferred shares. The constructive ownership rules are complex. Shares of our capital stock owned, actually or constructively, by a group of related individuals and/or entities may be treated as constructively owned by one of those individuals or entities. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% in value of the outstanding common shares and/or a class or series of preferred shares (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns common shares or preferred shares) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity (or another) to own constructively more than 9.8% in value of the outstanding capital stock. If that happened, either the transfer of ownership would be void or the shares would be transferred to a charitable trust and then sold to someone who can own those shares without violating the 9.8% ownership limit. The Board of Trustees may waive these restrictions on a case-by-case basis. In addition, the Board of Trustees and two-thirds of our shareholders eligible to vote at a shareholder meeting may remove these restrictions if they determine it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The 9.8% ownership restrictions may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of our control that might involve a premium price for the common shares or otherwise be in the shareholders’ best interest. U.S. federal tax reform legislation now and in the future could affect REITs, both positively and negatively, in ways that are difficult to anticipate. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “2017 Tax Act”), signed into law on December 22, 2017, represents sweeping tax reform legislation that makes significant changes to corporate and individual tax rates and the calculation of taxes.  While we currently do not expect the 2017 Tax Act will have a significant direct impact on us, it may impact us indirectly as our tenants and the jurisdictions in which we do business as well as the overall investment thesis for REITs may be impacted both positively and negatively in ways that are difficult to predict. Additionally, the overall impact of the 2017 Tax Act depends on future interpretations and regulations that may be issued by federal tax authorities, as well as changes in state and local taxation in response to the 2017 Tax Act, and it is possible that such future interpretations, regulations and other changes could adversely impact us. We cannot assure you we will continue to pay dividends at historical rates. Our ability to continue to pay dividends on our common shares at historical rates or to increase our common share dividend rate, and our ability to pay preferred share dividends and service our debt securities, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the following: • our financial condition and results of future operations; • the performance of lease terms by tenants; • the terms of our loan covenants; and • our ability to acquire, finance, develop or redevelop and lease additional properties at attractive rates. If we do not maintain or increase the dividend on our common shares, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares and other securities. Any preferred shares we may offer in the future may have a fixed dividend rate that would   14 Table of Contents not increase with any increases in the dividend rate of our common shares. Conversely, payment of dividends on our common shares may be subject to payment in full of the dividends on any preferred shares and payment of interest on any debt securities we may offer. Certain tax and anti-takeover provisions of our declaration of trust and bylaws may inhibit a change of our control. Certain provisions contained in our declaration of trust and bylaws and the Maryland General Corporation Law, as applicable to Maryland REITs, may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or acquisition proposal to us. If this were to happen, it could delay, deter or prevent a change in control or the removal of existing management. These provisions also may delay or prevent the shareholders from receiving a premium for their common shares over then-prevailing market prices. These provisions include: • the REIT ownership limit described above; • authorization of the issuance of our preferred shares with powers, preferences or rights to be determined by the Board of Trustees; • special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, by one-third of the trustees or by shareholders possessing no less than 25% of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting; • the Board of Trustees, without a shareholder vote, can classify or reclassify unissued shares of beneficial interest, including the reclassification of common shares into preferred shares and vice-versa; • a two-thirds shareholder vote is required to approve some amendments to the declaration of trust; and • advance-notice requirements for proposals to be presented at shareholder meetings. In addition, if we elect to be governed by it in the future, the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Law could delay or prevent a change in control. Under Maryland law, unless a REIT elects not to be subject to this law, “control shares” acquired in a “control share acquisition” have no voting rights except to the extent approved by shareholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquirer and by officers or trustees who are employees of the REIT. “Control shares” are voting shares that would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing trustees within specified ranges of voting power. A “control share acquisition” means the acquisition of control shares, with some exceptions. Our bylaws state that the Maryland control share acquisition law will not apply to any acquisition by any person of our common shares. This bylaw provision may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares, by a vote of a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote, and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. We may amend or revise our business policies without your approval. Our Board of Trustees may amend or revise our operating policies without shareholder approval. Our investment, financing and borrowing policies and policies with respect to all other activities, such as growth, debt, capitalization and operations, are determined by the Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees may amend or revise these policies at any time and from time to time at its discretion. A change in these policies could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our securities. The current business plan adopted by our Board of Trustees focuses on our investment in high quality retail based properties that are typically neighborhood and community shopping centers or mixed-use properties, principally through redevelopments and acquisitions. If this business plan is not successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we make, including those in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by law, we make no promise to update any of the forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should carefully review the above risks and the risk factors. Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could have an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating results. Changing weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, may have added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters and severe weather conditions and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures.  Our operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, snow storms, floods and fires.  The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase operation costs, increase future property insurance costs, and negatively impact the tenant demand for lease space.  If insurance   15 Table of Contents is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or if our insurance is not adequate to cover business interruption or losses from these events, our earnings, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions. We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage our business, and our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks. These could include attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and computer systems. Attacks can be both individual and/or highly organized attempts organized by very sophisticated hacking organizations. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, which include password encryption, frequent password change events, firewall detection systems, anti-virus software in-place, frequent backups, a redundant data system for core applications and annual penetration testing; however, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber attack. A cybersecurity attack could compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants and vendors. A successful attack could disrupt and otherwise adversely affect our business operations. ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES General As of  December 31, 2017 , we owned or had a majority ownership interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-used properties which are operated as  104  predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately  24.2 million  square feet. These properties are located primarily in densely populated and affluent communities in strategic metropolitan markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, California, and South Florida.  No  single property accounted for over 10% of our  2017  total revenue. We believe that our properties are adequately covered by commercial general liability, fire, flood, earthquake, terrorism and business interruption insurance provided by reputable companies, with commercially reasonable exclusions, deductibles and limits. Tenant Diversification As of  December 31, 2017 , we had approximately  3,000  leases, with tenants ranging from sole proprietors to major national and international retailers. No one tenant or affiliated group of tenants accounted for more than  2.9%  of our annualized base rent as of  December 31, 2017 . As a result of our tenant diversification, we believe our exposure to any one bankruptcy filing in the retail sector has not been and will not be significant, however, multiple filings by a number of retailers could have a significant impact.  16 Table of Contents Geographic Diversification Our  104  real estate projects are located in  12  states and the District of Columbia. The following table shows the number of projects, the gross leasable area (“GLA”) of commercial space and the percentage of total portfolio gross leasable area of commercial space in each state as of  December 31, 2017 .   State   Number of Projects   Gross Leasable Area   Percentage of Gross Leasable Area     (In square feet) California   21   5,442,000   22.5 % Maryland   21   4,562,000   18.8 % Virginia   16   3,738,000   15.4 % Pennsylvania(1)   10   2,316,000   9.6 % Massachusetts   9   2,101,000   8.7 % New Jersey   6   1,722,000   7.1 % Florida   4   1,339,000   5.5 % New York   6   1,248,000   5.2 % Illinois   4   797,000   3.3 % Connecticut   3   397,000   1.6 % Michigan   1   217,000   0.9 % District of Columbia   2   168,000   0.7 % North Carolina   1   159,000   0.7 % Total   104   24,206,000   100.0 %   (1) Additionally, we own two participating mortgages totaling approximately  $30.4 million  secured by multiple buildings in Manayunk, Pennsylvania. Leases, Lease Terms and Lease Expirations Our leases are classified as operating leases and typically are structured to require the monthly payment of minimum rents in advance, subject to periodic increases during the term of the lease, percentage rents based on the level of sales achieved by tenants, and reimbursement of a majority of on-site operating expenses and real estate taxes. These features in our leases generally reduce our exposure to higher costs and allow us to participate in improved tenant sales. Commercial property leases generally range from  three  to  ten  years; however, certain leases, primarily with anchor tenants, may be longer. Many of our leases contain tenant options that enable the tenant to extend the term of the lease at expiration at pre-established rental rates that often include fixed rent increases, consumer price index adjustments or other market rate adjustments from the prior base rent. Leases on residential units are generally for a period of  one  year or less and, in  2017 , represented approximately  6.9%  of total rental income.  17 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the schedule of lease expirations for our commercial leases in place as of  December 31, 2017  for each of the 10 years beginning with  2018  and after  2027  in the aggregate assuming that none of the tenants exercise future renewal options. Annualized base rents reflect in-place contractual rents as of  December 31, 2017 .   Year of Lease Expiration   Leased Square Footage Expiring   Percentage of Leased Square Footage Expiring   Annualized Base Rent Represented by Expiring Leases   Percentage of  Annualized Base Rent  Represented by Expiring Leases 2018   1,849,000   8 %   $ 47,382,000   8 % 2019   3,042,000   13 %   73,854,000   12 % 2020   2,339,000   10 %   62,409,000   10 % 2021   2,601,000   12 %   76,900,000   13 % 2022   3,045,000   13 %   77,417,000   13 % 2023   1,958,000   9 %   54,840,000   9 % 2024   1,523,000   7 %   40,296,000   7 % 2025   1,346,000   6 %   39,245,000   6 % 2026   921,000   4 %   30,520,000   5 % 2027   1,183,000   5 %   44,532,000   7 % Thereafter   2,861,000   13 %   62,388,000   10 % Total   22,668,000   100 %   $ 609,783,000   100 % During  2017 , we signed leases for a total of  1,793,000  square feet of retail space including  1,622,000  square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of  13%  on a cash basis and  26%  on a straight-line basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for  773,000  square feet at an average rental increase of  19%  on a cash basis and  32%  on a straight-line basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for  848,000  square feet at an average rental increase of  9%  on a cash basis and  21%  on a straight-line basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were $36.00 per square foot, of which,  $62.11  per square foot was for new leases and  $12.18  per square foot was for renewals in  2017 .  During  2016 , we signed leases for a total of  1,688,000  square feet of retail space including  1,473,000  square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of  13%  on a cash basis and  26%  on a straight-line basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for  543,000  square feet at an average rental increase of  24%  on a cash basis and  40%  on a straight-line basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for  930,000  square feet at an average rental increase of  7%  on a cash basis and  17%  on a straight-line basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were $31.00 per square foot, of which,  $66.47  per square foot was for new leases and  $10.28  was for renewal leases in  2016 .   The rental increases associated with comparable spaces generally include all leases signed in arms-length transactions reflecting market leverage between landlords and tenants during the period. The comparison between average rent for expiring leases and new leases is determined by including minimum rent and percentage rent paid on the expiring lease and minimum rent and in some instances, projections of first lease year percentage rent, to be paid on the new lease. In atypical circumstances, management may exercise judgment as to how to most effectively reflect the comparability of spaces reported in this calculation. The change in rental income on comparable space leases is impacted by numerous factors including current market rates, location, individual tenant creditworthiness, use of space, market conditions when the expiring lease was signed, capital investment made in the space and the specific lease structure. The leases signed in  2017  generally become effective over the following two years though some may not become effective until  2020  and beyond. Further, there is risk that some new tenants will not ultimately take possession of their space and that tenants for both new and renewal leases may not pay all of their contractual rent due to operating, financing or other matters. However, these increases do provide information about the tenant/landlord relationship and the potential increase we may achieve in rental income over time. Historically, we have executed comparable space leases for 1.2 to 1.6 million square feet of retail space each year and expect the volume for  2018  will be in line with our historical averages with overall positive increases in rental income. However, changes in rental income associated with individual signed leases on comparable spaces may be positive or negative, and we can provide no assurance that the rents on new leases will continue to increase at the above disclosed levels, if at all.   18 Table of Contents Retail and Residential Properties The following table sets forth information concerning all real estate projects in which we owned an equity interest, had a leasehold interest, or otherwise controlled and are consolidated as of  December 31, 2017 . Except as otherwise noted, we are the sole owner of our retail real estate projects. Principal tenants are the largest tenants in the project based on square feet leased or are tenants important to a project’s success due to their ability to attract retail customers. Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s) California                         Azalea    South Gate, CA 90280(5)(8)   2014   2017   222,000   $27.43   100%   Marshalls Ross Dress for Less Ulta CVS Bell Gardens    Bell Gardens, CA 90201(4)(5)(8)   1990, 2003, 2006   2017   330,000   $20.37   100%   Food4Less Marshalls Ross Dress for Less Petco Colorado Blvd    Pasadena, CA 91103(4)   1905-1988   1996/1998   69,000   $45.04   100%   Pottery Barn Banana Republic Crow Canyon Commons    San Ramon, CA 94583   1980, 1998, 2006   2005/2007   241,000   $28.16   94%   Sprouts Orchard Supply Hardware Rite Aid Total Wine & More  East Bay Bridge    Emeryville & Oakland, CA 94608   1994-2001, 2011, 2012   2012   439,000   $18.42   100%   Pak-N-Save Home Depot Target Nordstrom Rack  Escondido Promenade    Escondido, CA 92029(5)   1987   1996/2010   299,000   $25.29   99%   TJ Maxx Dick's Sporting Goods Ross Dress For Less                  Toys R Us Fourth Street    Berkeley, CA 94710(5)   1948, 1975   2017   71,000   $28.14   55%   CB2 Ingram Book Group Hastings Ranch Plaza    Pasadena, CA 91107(4)   1958, 1984, 2006, 2007   2017   273,000   $7.21   98%   Marshalls HomeGoods CVS Sears Hermosa Avenue    Hermosa Beach, CA 90254   1922   1997   23,000   $49.18   81%     Hollywood Blvd    Hollywood, CA 90028   1929, 1991   1999   180,000   $30.01   91%   Marshalls DSW L.A. Fitness La La Land Kings Court    Los Gatos, CA 95032(4)(6)   1960   1998   80,000   $32.55   100%   Lunardi's Supermarket CVS  La Alameda    Walnut Park, CA 90255(4)(7)(8)   2008   2017   245,000   $24.96   94%   Marshalls Ross Dress For Less CVS Petco Old Town Center    Los Gatos, CA 95030   1962, 1998   1997   98,000   $41.40   99%   Anthropologie Banana Republic GAP Olivo at Mission Hills    Mission Hills, CA 91345(5)   2017   2017   105,000   $30.05   100%   Target 24 Hour Fitness Fallas Stores Plaza Del Sol    South El Monte, CA 91733(5)(8)   2009   2017   48,000   $23.01   100%   Marshalls Plaza El Segundo / The Point    El Segundo, CA 90245(5)(8)   2006-2007, 2016   2011/2013   495,000   $44.71   95%   Whole Foods  Anthropologie Home Goods Dick's Sporting Goods Multiple Restaurants  Plaza Pacoima    Pacoima, CA 91331(5)   2010   2017   204,000   $14.33   99%   Costco Best Buy San Antonio Center    Mountain View, CA 94040(4)(6)   1958, 1964-1965, 1974-1975, 1995-1997   2015   376,000   $13.74   97%   Trader Joe's Wal-mart Kohl's 24 Hour Fitness  19 Table of Contents Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s) Santana Row    San Jose, CA 95128(4)   2002, 2009, 2016   1997   885,000   $52.42   98%   Crate & Barrel                        H&M                                     Container Store Multiple Restaurants Santana Row Residential    San Jose, CA 95128   2003-2006, 2011, 2014   1997/2012    662 units    N/A   97%   Sylmar Towne Center    Sylmar, CA 91342(5)(8)   1973   2017   148,000   $14.56   91%   Food4Less CVS Third Street Promenade    Santa Monica, CA 90401   1888-2000   1996-2000   209,000   $79.66   98%   Banana Republic Old Navy J. Crew Abercrombie & Fitch Westgate Center    San Jose, CA 95129   1960-1966   2004   647,000   $17.78   99%   Walmart Neighborhood Market Target Nordstrom Rack Nike Factory Burlington  Connecticut                         Bristol Plaza    Bristol, CT 06010   1959   1995   266,000   $13.97   97%   Stop & Shop TJ Maxx  Darien    Darien, CT 06820   1920-2009   2013   95,000   $28.47   96%   Stop & Shop Equinox  Greenwich Avenue    Greenwich Avenue, CT 06830   1968   1995   36,000   $70.15   100%   Saks Fifth Avenue District of Columbia                         Friendship Center    Washington, DC 20015   1998   2001   119,000   $29.71   100%   Marshalls Nordstrom Rack DSW  Maggiano's Sam's Park & Shop    Washington, DC 20008   1930   1995   49,000   $45.02   88%   Petco Florida                         CocoWalk    Coconut Grove, FL 33133(5)(11)   1990/1994, 1922-1973   2015-2017   194,000   $32.78   74%   Gap Cinepolis Theaters Youfit Health Club Del Mar Village    Boca Raton, FL 33433   1982, 1994 & 2007   2008/2014   196,000   $16.43   91%   Winn Dixie CVS                                             The Shops at Sunset Place    South Miami, FL 33143(5)(8)   1999   2015   523,000   $20.17   77%   AMC  L.A. Fitness Barnes & Noble Restoration Hardware Outlet Tower Shops    Davie, FL 33324   1989, 2017   2011/2014   426,000   $23.45   98%   Trader Joe's TJ Maxx Ross Dress for Less Best Buy DSW Illinois                         Crossroads    Highland Park, IL 60035   1959   1993   168,000   $23.12   99%   L.A. Fitness Binny's Guitar Center Finley Square    Downers Grove, IL 60515   1974   1995   278,000   $15.70   87%   Bed, Bath & Beyond Buy Buy Baby Petsmart                             Portillo's Garden Market    Western Springs, IL 60558   1958   1994   140,000   $13.26   100%   Mariano's Fresh Market Walgreens  Riverpoint Center    Chicago, IL 60614   1989, 2012   2017   211,000   $22.38   96%   Jewel Osco Marshalls Old Navy  Maryland                         Bethesda Row    Bethesda, MD 20814(4)   1945-1991 2001, 2008   1993-2006/ 2008/2010   534,000   $51.05   96%   Giant Food Apple Equinox  Multiple Restaurants  Bethesda Row Residential    Bethesda, MD 20814   2008   1993    180 units     N/A    97%      20 Table of Contents Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s) Congressional Plaza    Rockville, MD 20852(5)   1965   1965   325,000   $41.07   98%   The Fresh Market Buy Buy Baby Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th Container Store Last Call Studio by Neiman Marcus  Congressional Plaza Residential    Rockville, MD 20852(5)   2003, 2016   1965    194 units     N/A    99%     Courthouse Center    Rockville, MD 20852   1975   1997   36,000   $23.08   66%     Federal Plaza    Rockville, MD 20852   1970   1989   249,000   $36.50   99%   Trader Joe's TJ Maxx Micro Center Ross Dress for Less Free State Shopping Center    Bowie, MD 20715   1970   2007   264,000   $17.57   92%   Giant Food TJ Maxx Ross Dress For Less Office Depot  Gaithersburg Square    Gaithersburg, MD 20878   1966   1993   207,000   $27.98   96%   Bed, Bath & Beyond Ross Dress For Less Ashley Furniture HomeStore Governor Plaza    Glen Burnie, MD 21961   1963   1985   242,000   $19.44   98%   Aldi Dick's Sporting Goods A.C. Moore  Laurel    Laurel, MD 20707   1956   1986   389,000   $22.54   87%   Giant Food Marshalls L.A. Fitness Montrose Crossing    Rockville, MD 20852(5)(8)   1960-1979, 1996, 2011   2011/2013   364,000   $30.33   94%   Giant Food Marshalls Old Navy Barnes & Noble Bob's Discount Furniture Perring Plaza    Baltimore, MD 21134   1963   1985   396,000   $14.63   100%   Shoppers Food Warehouse Home Depot Micro Center Burlington Pike & Rose    North Bethesda, MD 20852(10)   1963, 2014   1982/2007/ 2012   402,000   $36.81   98%   iPic Theater Porsche H&M REI Pinstripes                           Multiple Restaurants Pike & Rose Residential    North Bethesda, MD 20852(10)   2014, 2016   1982/2007    690 units     N/A    93%     Plaza Del Mercado    Silver Spring, MD 20906   1969   2004   117,000   $30.30   93%   Aldi CVS L.A. Fitness  Quince Orchard    Gaithersburg, MD 20877(4)   1975   1993   267,000   $23.21   96%   Aldi HomeGoods L.A. Fitness Staples  Rockville Town Square    Rockville, MD 20852(4)   2006-2007   2006/2007   187,000   $27.93   94%   Dawson's Market CVS Gold's Gym Multiple Restaurants Rollingwood Apartments    Silver Spring, MD 20910(8)   1960   1971    282 units     N/A    96%     THE AVENUE at White Marsh    Baltimore, MD 21236(6)(8)   1997   2007   315,000   $23.87   100%   AMC  Ulta Old Navy Barnes & Noble The Shoppes at Nottingham Square    Baltimore, MD 21236   2005-2006   2007   32,000   $50.29   100%     Towson Residential (Flats @703)    Baltimore, MD 21236   2017   2007   4,000   $71.41   100%            105 units    N/A   55%   White Marsh Other    Baltimore, MD 21236   1985   2007   69,000   $30.32   97%     White Marsh Plaza    Baltimore, MD 21236   1987   2007   80,000   $22.31   98%   Giant Food Wildwood    Bethesda, MD 20814   1958   1969   83,000   $99.04   98%   Balducci's CVS  21 Table of Contents Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s)                           Massachusetts                         Assembly Row/ Assembly Square Marketplace    Somerville, MA 02145(10)   2005, 2014   2005-2011/ 2013   810,000   $24.97   99%   Trader Joe's TJ Maxx AMC LEGOLAND Discovery Center Multiple Restaurants & Outlets Assembly Row Residential    Somerville, MA 02145(10)   2017   2005-2011    141 units    N/A   94%     Atlantic Plaza    North Reading, MA 01864   1960   2004   123,000   $16.43   96%   Stop & Shop Campus Plaza    Bridgewater, MA 02324   1970   2004   116,000   $16.13   98%   Roche Bros. Burlington  Chelsea Commons    Chelsea, MA 02150(8)   1962-1969, 2008   2006-2008   222,000   $12.32   99%   Home Depot Planet Fitness  Chelsea Commons Residential    Chelsea, MA 02150   2013   2008    56 units     N/A    91%     Dedham Plaza    Dedham, MA 02026   1959   1993/2016   241,000   $16.75   96%   Star Market Planet Fitness  Linden Square    Wellesley, MA 02481   1960, 2008   2006   223,000   $48.82   96%   Roche Bros. CVS  North Dartmouth    North Dartmouth, MA 02747   2004   2006   48,000   $15.31   100%   Stop & Shop Queen Anne Plaza    Norwell, MA 02061   1967   1994   149,000   $17.77   100%   Big Y Foods TJ Maxx HomeGoods Saugus Plaza    Saugus, MA 01906   1976   1996   169,000   $12.24   100%   Super Stop & Shop Kmart  Michigan                         Gratiot Plaza    Roseville, MI 48066   1964   1973   217,000   $12.15   100%   Kroger Bed, Bath & Beyond Best Buy DSW New Jersey                         Brick Plaza    Brick Township, NJ 08723(4)   1958   1989   422,000   $21.40   77%   AMC Barnes & Noble Ulta                                        DSW Brook 35    Sea Grit, NJ 08750(5)(6)(8)   1986, 2004   2014   98,000   $36.09   99%   Banana Republic Gap Coach Williams-Sonoma Ellisburg    Cherry Hill, NJ 08034   1959   1992   268,000   $16.35   93%   Whole Foods Buy Buy Baby Stein Mart  Mercer Mall    Lawrenceville, NJ 08648(4)   1975   2003/2017   530,000   $24.71   98%   Shop Rite TJ Maxx Nordstrom Rack Bed, Bath & Beyond REI  The Grove at Shrewsbury    Shrewsbury, NJ 07702(5)(6)(8)   1988, 1993  & 2007   2014   193,000   $46.49   98%   Lululemon Anthropologie Pottery Barn Williams-Sonoma Troy    Parsippany-Troy, NJ 07054   1966   1980   211,000   $22.45   99%   L.A. Fitness                       Michaels New York                         Fresh Meadows    Queens, NY 11365   1949   1997   404,000   $32.35   99%   Island of Gold AMC Kohl's Michaels  Greenlawn Plaza    Greenlawn, NY 11743   1975, 2004   2006   106,000   $18.07   96%   Greenlawn Farms Tuesday Morning  Hauppauge     Hauppauge, NY 11788   1963   1998   134,000   $28.72   100%   Shop Rite A.C. Moore   22 Table of Contents Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s) Huntington    Huntington, NY 11746   1962   1988/2007/ 2015   279,000   $25.36   99%   Nordstrom Rack Bed, Bath & Beyond Buy Buy Baby Michaels Huntington Square    East Northport, NY 11731(4)   1980, 2007   2010   74,000   $27.96   85%   Barnes & Noble Melville Mall    Huntington, NY 11747(4)   1974   2006   251,000   $26.14   95%   Uncle Giuseppe's Marketplace Marshalls Dick's Sporting Goods Field & Stream Macy's Backstage North Carolina                         Eastgate Crossing    Chapel Hill, NC 27514   1963   1986   159,000   $26.94   95%   Trader Joe's Ulta Stein Mart Petco  Pennsylvania                         Andorra    Philadelphia, PA 19128   1953   1988   264,000   $14.82   89%   Acme Markets Kohl's L.A. Fitness Staples Bala Cynwyd    Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004   1955   1993   294,000   $24.84   100%   Acme Markets Lord & Taylor Michaels L.A. Fitness  Flourtown    Flourtown, PA 19031   1957   1980   156,000   $22.05   99%   Giant Food Movie Tavern  Lancaster    Lancaster, PA 17601(4)   1958   1980   127,000   $18.41   98%   Giant Food  Michaels Langhorne Square    Levittown, PA 19056   1966   1985   227,000   $16.90   98%   Redner's Warehouse Mkts. Marshalls Planet Fitness  Lawrence Park    Broomall, PA 19008   1972   1980   374,000   $20.85   97%   Acme Markets TJ Maxx HomeGoods Barnes & Noble Northeast    Philadelphia, PA 19114   1959   1983   288,000   $13.68   85%   Marshalls Burlington  Ulta A.C. Moore Town Center of New Britain    New Britain, PA 18901   1969   2006   124,000   $10.07   90%   Giant Food Rite Aid Dollar Tree  Willow Grove    Willow Grove, PA 19090   1953   1984   211,000   $19.28   96%   Marshalls HomeGoods Barnes & Noble Wynnewood    Wynnewood, PA 19096   1948   1996   251,000   $27.83   100%   Giant Food Bed, Bath & Beyond Old Navy  DSW  Virginia                         29th Place    Charlottesville, VA 22091(8)   1975-2001   2007   169,000   $18.25   97%   HomeGoods DSW Stein Mart Staples Barcoft Plaza    Falls Church, VA 22041   1963, 1972, 1990, & 2000   2006/2007/ 2016   115,000   $24.18   90%   Harris Teeter Barracks Road    Charlottesville, VA 22905   1958   1985   498,000   $27.37   98%   Harris Teeter  Kroger Anthropologie Nike Bed, Bath & Beyond Old Navy  Falls Plaza    Falls Church, VA 22046   1960-1962   1967/1972   144,000   $35.09   94%   Giant Food  CVS Staples  Graham Park Plaza    Fairfax, VA 22042   1971   1983   260,000   $26.40   89%   Giant Food CVS Stein Mart   23 Table of Contents Property, City, State, Zip Code   Year Completed   Year Acquired   Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units   Average Rent Per Square Foot(2)   Percentage Leased(3)   Principal Tenant(s) Idylwood Plaza    Falls Church, VA 22030   1991   1994   73,000   $47.24   95%   Whole Foods Leesburg Plaza    Leesburg, VA 20176   1967   1998   236,000   $22.80   93%   Giant Food Petsmart Gold's Gym Office Depot Mount Vernon/South Valley/    7770 Richmond Hwy    Alexandria, VA 22306(4)(6)   1966,  1972,1987  & 2001   2003/2006   570,000   $17.91   95%   Shoppers Food Warehouse TJ Maxx Home Depot Bed, Bath & Beyond Results Fitness Old Keene Mill    Springfield, VA 22152   1968   1976   92,000   $39.08   97%   Whole Foods Walgreens Planet Fitness  Pan Am    Fairfax, VA 22031   1979   1993   227,000   $25.37   100%   Safeway Micro Center CVS Michaels  Pentagon Row    Arlington, VA 22202   2001-2002   1998/2010   299,000   $36.25   87%   Harris Teeter TJ Maxx Bed, Bath & Beyond DSW  Pike 7 Plaza    Vienna, VA 22180   1968   1997/2015   164,000   $46.10   100%   TJ Maxx DSW Crunch Fitness                    Staples  Tower Shopping Center    Springfield, VA 22150   1960   1998   112,000   $25.73   88%   L.A. Mart Talbots Total Wine & More  Tyson's Station    Falls Church, VA 22043   1954   1978   50,000   $46.32   87%   Trader Joe's Village at Shirlington    Arlington, VA 22206(4)   1940,  2006-2009   1995   266,000   $38.57   90%   Harris Teeter AMC  Carlyle Grand Café Willow Lawn    Richmond, VA 23230   1957   1983   463,000   $19.61   99%   Kroger Old Navy Ross Dress For Less Gold's Gym DSW  Total All Regions—Retail(9)           24,206,000   $26.90   95%     Total All Regions—Residential           2,310 units       94%      _____________________ (1) Represents the GLA of the commercial portion of the property. Some of our properties include office space which is included in this square footage. (2) Average base rent is calculated as the aggregate, annualized in-place contractual (defined as cash basis excluding rent abatements) minimum rent for all occupied spaces divided by the aggregate GLA of all occupied spaces. (3) Percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of rentable commercial square feet occupied or subject to a lease. Residential percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of units occupied or subject to a lease. (4) All or a portion of this property is owned pursuant to a ground lease. (5) We own the controlling interest in this center. (6) We own all or a portion of this property in a “downREIT” partnership, of which a wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust is the sole general partner, with third party partners holding operating partnership units. (7) We own a noncontrolling interest in this property. (8) All or a portion of this property is encumbered by a mortgage loan. (9) Aggregate information is calculated on a GLA weighted-average basis, excluding our La Alameda property, which is unconsolidated. (10) Portion of property is currently under development. See further discussion in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. (11) This property includes partial interests in five buildings in addition to our initial acquisition. ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In November 2016, we were included as a defendant in a class action lawsuit, in the circuit court for Montgomery County, Maryland, related to predatory towing by a third party company we had retained to provide towing services at several of our properties in Montgomery County, Maryland. We, individually and collectively with other members of the more than  500  property owner defendant class, have undertaken numerous legal actions to challenge property owner liability in this case, including challenging the certification of the class as a matter of law; however, all of these legal actions have been unsuccessful. Given the costs and risks of continuing litigation on this matter, we elected to participate in a settlement for which our share is approximately  $0.4 million . We expect that this settlement amount will be reimbursed by insurance. The   24 Table of Contents settlement did not cover liability for certain tows that were included in the lawsuit that the defendant class believes cannot be pursued because of the statute of limitations. Accordingly, we do not believe we should have any additional liability for these remaining tows; however, if we are unsuccessful in dismissing these tows from the litigation, our liability would be approximately  $0.2 million , assuming payment on the same terms as the settlement. ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable.  25 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FRT.” Listed below are the high and low sales prices of our common shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange and the dividends declared for each of the periods indicated.     Price Per Share   Dividends Declared Per Share High   Low   2017           Fourth quarter $ 134.52   $ 119.37   $ 1.000 Third quarter $ 135.59   $ 122.60   $ 1.000 Second quarter $ 138.12   $ 120.50   $ 0.980 First quarter $ 145.80   $ 126.02   $ 0.980 2016           Fourth quarter $ 148.74   $ 136.98   $ 0.980 Third quarter $ 170.35   $ 153.93   $ 0.980 Second quarter $ 165.55   $ 149.75   $ 0.940 First quarter $ 158.96   $ 144.82   $ 0.940 On  February 8, 2018 , there were 2,568 holders of record of our common shares. Our ongoing operations generally will not be subject to federal income taxes as long as we maintain our REIT status and distribute to shareholders at least 100% of our taxable income. Under the Code, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least  90%  of taxable income. Future distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our actual net income available for common shareholders, financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Trustees deems relevant. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our regular annual dividend rate for  50  consecutive years. Our total annual dividends paid per common share for  2017  and  2016  were  $3.94  per share and  $3.80  per share, respectively. The annual dividend amounts are different from dividends as calculated for federal income tax purposes. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to a shareholder as ordinary dividend income. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a nontaxable reduction of the shareholder’s basis in such shareholder’s shares, to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable capital gain. Distributions that are treated as a reduction of the shareholder’s basis in its shares will have the effect of increasing the amount of gain, or reducing the amount of loss, recognized upon the sale of the shareholder’s shares. No assurances can be given regarding what portion, if any, of distributions in  2018  or subsequent years will constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. During a year in which a REIT earns a net long-term capital gain, the REIT can elect under Section 857(b)(3) of the Code to designate a portion of dividends paid to shareholders as capital gain dividends. If this election is made, then the capital gain dividends are generally taxable to the shareholder as long-term capital gains. The following table reflects the income tax status of distributions per share paid to common shareholders:     Year Ended December 31, 2017   2016 Ordinary dividend $ 3.940   $ 3.800 Capital gain —   —   $ 3.940   $ 3.800 Distributions on our 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares were paid at the rate of $1.354 per share per annum commencing on the issuance date of March 8, 2007. Distributions on our 5.0% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (which were issued September 29, 2017) were declared at the rate of $1.25 per depository share per annum,   26 Table of Contents and the first payment date was January 16, 2018. We do not believe that the preferential rights available to the holders of our preferred shares or the financial covenants contained in our debt agreements had or will have an adverse effect on our ability to pay dividends in the normal course of business to our common shareholders or to distribute amounts necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Total Stockholder Return Performance The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Federal Realty's common shares with the S&P 500 Index and the index of equity real estate investment trusts prepared by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") for the five fiscal years commencing December 31, 2012, and ending December 31, 2017, assuming an investment of $100 and the reinvestment of all dividends into additional common shares during the holding period. Equity real estate investment trusts are defined as those that derive more than 75% of their income from equity investments in real estate assets. The FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Total Return Index includes all tax qualified real estate investment trusts listed on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or the NASDAQ National Market. Stock performance for the past five years is not necessarily indicative of future results. Recent Sales of Unregistered Shares Under the terms of various operating partnership agreements of certain of our affiliated limited partnerships, the interest of limited partners in those limited partnerships may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, for cash or an equivalent number of our common shares, at our option. During the three months ended  December 31, 2017 , there were no redemptions of operating partnership units. Any other equity securities sold by us during  2017  that were not registered have been previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers During 2017,  2,293  restricted common shares were forfeited by former employees.   From time to time, we could be deemed to have repurchased shares as a result of shares withheld for tax purposes upon a stock compensation related vesting event.    27 Table of Contents ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following table includes certain financial information on a consolidated historical basis. You should read this section in conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”      Year Ended December 31, 2017     2016     2015     2014     2013 (In thousands, except per share data and ratios) Operating Data:                           Rental income $ 841,461      $ 786,583      $ 727,812      $ 666,322      $ 620,089 Property operating income(1) $ 584,619      $ 547,979      $ 510,595      $ 474,167      $ 446,959 Operating income $ 332,288     $ 320,995     $ 300,154     $ 271,037     $ 254,161 Income from continuing operations $ 219,948      $ 226,425      $ 190,094      $ 167,888      $ 137,811 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net $ 77,922      $ 32,458      $ 28,330      $ 4,401      $ 28,855 Net income $ 297,870      $ 258,883      $ 218,424      $ 172,289      $ 167,608 Net income available for common shareholders $ 287,456      $ 249,369      $ 209,678      $ 163,994      $ 162,140 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 459,177      $ 423,705      $ 369,046      $ 349,465      $ 316,340 Net cash used in investing activities $ (836,802 )     $ (590,221 )     $ (353,763 )     $ (396,150 )     $ (345,198 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ 369,445     $ 168,838     $ (42,188 )     $ 5,709     $ 80,797 Earnings per common share, basic:                           Net income available to common shareholders $ 3.97      $ 3.51      $ 3.04      $ 2.42      $ 2.47 Weighted average number of common shares, basic 72,117      70,877      68,797      67,322      65,331 Earnings per common share, diluted:                           Net income available to common shareholders $ 3.97      $ 3.50      $ 3.03      $ 2.41      $ 2.46 Weighted average number of common shares, diluted 72,233      71,049      68,981      67,492      65,483 Dividends declared per common share $ 3.96      $ 3.84      $ 3.62      $ 3.30      $ 3.02 Other Data:                           Funds from operations available to common shareholders(2) $ 419,977      $ 406,359      $ 352,857      $ 327,597      $ 289,938 EBITDA(3) $ 627,656      $ 547,088      $ 504,696      $ 447,495      $ 446,555 Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 548,311      $ 514,630      $ 476,366      $ 443,094      $ 417,700 Ratio of EBITDA to combined fixed charges and preferred share dividends(3)(4) 4.4 x    4.8 x    3.9 x    3.5 x    3.3 Ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to combined fixed charges and preferred share dividends(3)(4) 3.9 x    4.5 x    3.6 x    3.5 x    3.1   As of December 31, 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 (In thousands) Balance Sheet Data:                   Real estate, at cost $ 7,635,061   $ 6,759,073   $ 6,064,406   $ 5,608,998   $ 5,149,463 Total assets $ 6,275,755   $ 5,423,279   $ 4,896,559   $ 4,534,237   $ 4,208,727 Total debt $ 3,284,766   $ 2,798,452   $ 2,627,216   $ 2,397,043   $ 2,311,294 Total shareholders’ equity $ 2,391,514   $ 2,075,835   $ 1,781,931   $ 1,692,556   $ 1,471,297 Number of common shares outstanding 73,091   71,996   69,493   68,606   66,701   (1) Property operating income is a non-GAAP measure that consists of rental income, other property income and mortgage interest income, less rental expenses and real estate taxes. This measure is used internally to evaluate the performance of property operations and we consider it to be a significant measure. Property operating income should not be considered an alternative measure of operating results or cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP.  28 Table of Contents The reconciliation of operating income to property operating income is as follows:   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   (In thousands) Operating income $ 332,288   $ 320,995   $ 300,154   $ 271,037   $ 254,161 General and administrative 36,281   33,399   35,645   32,316   31,970 Depreciation and amortization 216,050   193,585   174,796   170,814   160,828 Property operating income $ 584,619   $ 547,979   $ 510,595   $ 474,167   $ 446,959 (2) Funds from operations ("FFO") is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies’ operating performances. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as follows: net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization and excluding extraordinary items and gains on the sale of real estate. We compute FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition, and we have historically reported our FFO available for common shareholders in addition to our net income. We consider FFO available for common shareholders a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance primarily because it excludes the assumption that the value of the real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, as implied by the historical cost convention of GAAP and the recording of depreciation. We use FFO primarily as one of several means of assessing our operating performance in comparison with other REITs. Comparison of our presentation of FFO to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. Additional information regarding our calculation of FFO is contained in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The reconciliation of net income to FFO available for common shareholders is as follows:     2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   (In thousands) Net income $ 297,870   $ 258,883   $ 218,424   $ 172,289   $ 167,608 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,956 )   (8,973 )   (8,205 )   (7,754 )   (4,927 ) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net (77,632 )   (31,133 )   (28,330 )   (4,401 )   (28,855 ) Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 188,719   169,198   154,232   154,060   146,377 Amortization of initial direct costs of leases 19,124   16,875   15,026   12,391   10,694 Funds from operations 420,125   404,850   351,147   326,585   290,897 Dividends on preferred shares (1,917 )   (541 )   (541 )   (541 )   (541 ) Income attributable to operating partnership units 3,143   3,145   3,398 3,398 3,027   888 Income attributable to unvested shares (1,374 )   (1,095 )   (1,147 )   (1,474 )   (1,306 ) Funds from operations available for common shareholders $ 419,977   $ 406,359   $ 352,857   $ 327,597   $ 289,938   (3)  EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure as calculated in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that means net income or loss plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, gain or loss on sale of real estate and impairments of real estate if any. Adjusted EBITDA is presented because it approximates a key performance measure in our debt covenants, but it should not be considered an alternative measure of operating results or cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA as presented may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other REITs. The reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented is as follows:    29 Table of Contents   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   (In thousands) Net income $ 297,870   $ 258,883   $ 218,424   $ 172,289   $ 167,608 Depreciation and amortization 216,050   193,585   174,796   170,814   161,099 Interest expense 100,125   94,994   92,553   93,941   104,977 Early extinguishment of debt 12,273   —   19,072   10,545   13,304 Provision for income tax 1,813   —   —   —   — Other interest income (475 )   (374 )   (149 )   (94 )   (433 ) EBITDA 627,656   547,088   504,696   447,495   446,555 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests (79,345 )   (32,458 )   (28,330 )   (4,401 )   (28,855 ) Adjusted EBITDA $ 548,311   $ 514,630   $ 476,366   $ 443,094   $ 417,700   (4)   Fixed charges consist of interest on borrowed funds (including capitalized interest), amortization of debt discount/ premiums and debt costs, costs related to the early extinguishment of debt, and the portion of rent expense representing an interest factor. Excluding the $12.3 million, $19.1 million, $10.5 million, and $13.3 million early extinguishment of debt charge from fixed charges in 2017, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, the ratio of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to combined fixed charges and preferred share dividends is 4.8x and 4.2x, respectively, for 2017, 4.5x and 4.3x, respectively, for 2015, 3.9x and 3.8x, respectively, for 2014, and 3.7x and 3.4x, respectively for 2013. ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this section or elsewhere in this report may be deemed “forward-looking statements”. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this report for important information regarding these forward-looking statements and certain risk and uncertainties that may affect us. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. Overview We are an equity real estate investment trust (“REIT”) specializing in the ownership, management, and redevelopment of high quality retail and mixed-use properties located primarily in densely populated and affluent communities in strategically selected metropolitan markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, California, and South Florida. As of  December 31, 2017 , we owned or had a majority interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties which are operated as  104  predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately  24.2 million  square feet. In total, the real estate projects were  95.3%  leased and  93.9%  occupied at  December 31, 2017 . We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our dividends per common share for  50  consecutive years. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, referred to as “GAAP”, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses. These estimates are prepared using management’s best judgment, after considering past and current events and economic conditions. In addition, information relied upon by management in preparing such estimates includes internally generated financial and operating information, external market information, when available, and when necessary, information obtained from consultations with third party experts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A discussion of possible risks which may affect these estimates is included in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this report. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements; however, the most critical accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates and assumptions as to future uncertainties and, therefore, may result in actual amounts that differ from estimates, are as follows:  30 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Our leases with tenants are classified as operating leases. Substantially all such leases contain fixed escalations which occur at specified times during the term of the lease. Base rents are recognized on a straight-line basis from when the tenant controls the space through the term of the related lease, net of valuation adjustments, based on management’s assessment of credit, collection and other business risk. Percentage rents, which represent additional rents based upon the level of sales achieved by certain tenants, are recognized at the end of the lease year or earlier if we have determined the required sales level is achieved and the percentage rents are collectible. Real estate tax and other cost reimbursements are recognized on an accrual basis over the periods in which the related expenditures are incurred. For a tenant to terminate its lease agreement prior to the end of the agreed term, we may require that they pay a fee to cancel the lease agreement. Lease termination fees for which the tenant has relinquished control of the space are generally recognized on the termination date. When a lease is terminated early but the tenant continues to control the space under a modified lease agreement, the lease termination fee is generally recognized evenly over the remaining term of the modified lease agreement. Current accounts receivable from tenants primarily relate to contractual minimum rent and percentage rent as well as real estate tax and other cost reimbursements. Accounts receivable from straight-line rent is typically longer term in nature and relates to the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental income recorded to date exceeds cash rents billed to date under the contractual lease agreement. We make estimates of the collectability of our current accounts receivable and straight-line rents receivable which requires significant judgment by management. The collectability of receivables is affected by numerous factors including current economic conditions, bankruptcies, and the ability of the tenant to perform under the terms of their lease agreement. While we make estimates of potentially uncollectible amounts and provide an allowance for them through bad debt expense, actual collectability could differ from those estimates which could affect our net income. With respect to the allowance for current uncollectible tenant receivables, we assess the collectability of outstanding receivables by evaluating such factors as nature and age of the receivable, past history and current financial condition of the specific tenant including our assessment of the tenant’s ability to meet its contractual lease obligations, and the status of any pending disputes or lease negotiations with the tenant. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , our allowance for doubtful accounts was  $11.8 million  and  $11.9 million , respectively. Historically, we have recognized bad debt expense between 0.3% and 1.3% of rental income and it was 0.3% in  2017 . A change in the estimate of collectability of a receivable would result in a change to our allowance for doubtful accounts and correspondingly bad debt expense and net income. For example, in the event our estimates were not accurate and we were required to increase our allowance by 1% of rental income, our bad debt expense would have increased and our net income would have decreased by $8.4 million. Due to the nature of the accounts receivable from straight-line rents, the collection period of these amounts typically extends beyond one year. Our experience relative to unbilled straight-line rents is that a portion of the amounts otherwise recognizable as revenue is never billed to or collected from tenants due to early lease terminations, lease modifications, bankruptcies and other factors. Accordingly, the extended collection period for straight-line rents along with our evaluation of tenant credit risk may result in the nonrecognition of a portion of straight-line rental income until the collection of such income is reasonably assured. If our evaluation of tenant credit risk changes indicating more straight-line revenue is reasonably collectible than previously estimated and realized, the additional straight-line rental income is recognized as revenue. If our evaluation of tenant credit risk changes indicating a portion of realized straight-line rental income is no longer collectible, a reserve and bad debt expense is recorded. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , accounts receivable includes approximately  $93.1 million  and  $80.6 million , respectively, related to straight-line rents. Correspondingly, these estimates of collectability have a direct impact on our net income. We are currently under construction on 221 condominium units at our Assembly Row and Pike & Rose properties. Gains or losses on the sale of these condominium units are recognized in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360-20, “Property, Plant and Equipment – Real Estate Sales.” We account for contracted condominium sales under the percentage-of completion method, based on an evaluation of the criteria specified in ASC Topic 360-20 including: the legal commitment of the purchaser in the real estate contract, whether the construction of the project is beyond a preliminary phase, whether sufficient units have been contracted to ensure the project will not revert to a rental project, the ability to reasonably estimate the aggregate project sale proceeds and aggregate project costs, and the determination that the buyer has made an adequate initial and continuing cash investment under the contract. When the percentage-of-completion criteria have not been met, no profit is recognized. The application of these criteria can be complex and requires us to make assumptions. The timing of revenue recognition related to these condominium sales will be impacted by the January 1, 2018 adoption of ASU 2014-09 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." See "Recent Accounting Pronouncements," in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding the changes.  31 Table of Contents Real Estate The nature of our business as an owner, redeveloper and operator of retail shopping centers and mixed-use properties means that we invest significant amounts of capital. Depreciation and maintenance costs relating to our properties constitute substantial costs for us as well as the industry as a whole. We capitalize real estate investments and depreciate them on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP and consistent with industry standards based on our best estimates of the assets’ physical and economic useful lives. We periodically review the estimated lives of our assets and implement changes, as necessary, to these estimates and, therefore, to our depreciation rates. These reviews may take into account such factors as the historical retirement and replacement of our assets, expected redevelopments, and general economic and real estate factors. Certain events, such as unforeseen competition or changes in customer shopping habits, could substantially alter our assumptions regarding our ability to realize the expected return on investment in the property and therefore reduce the economic life of the asset and affect the amount of depreciation expense to be charged against both the current and future revenues. These assessments have a direct impact on our net income. The longer the economic useful life, the lower the depreciation expense will be for that asset in a fiscal period, which in turn will increase our net income. Similarly, having a shorter economic useful life would increase the depreciation for a fiscal period and decrease our net income. Land, buildings and real estate under development are recorded at cost. We calculate depreciation using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging generally from 35 years to a maximum of 50 years on buildings and major improvements. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to operations as incurred. Tenant work and other major improvements, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Minor improvements, furniture and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over useful lives ranging from 2 to 20 years.  Capitalized costs associated with leases are depreciated or amortized over the base term of the lease. Unamortized leasing costs are charged to expense if the applicable tenant vacates before the expiration of its lease. Undepreciated tenant work is written-off if the applicable tenant vacates and the tenant work is replaced or has no future value. Additionally, we make estimates as to the probability of certain development and redevelopment projects being completed. If we determine the redevelopment is no longer probable of completion, we immediately expense all capitalized costs which are not recoverable. Interest costs on developments and major redevelopments are capitalized as part of developments and redevelopments not yet placed in service. Capitalization of interest commences when development activities and expenditures begin and end upon completion, which is when the asset is ready for its intended use. Generally, rental property is considered substantially complete and ready for its intended use upon completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from completion of major construction activity. We make judgments as to the time period over which to capitalize such costs and these assumptions have a direct impact on net income because capitalized costs are not subtracted in calculating net income. If the time period for capitalizing interest is extended, more interest is capitalized, thereby decreasing interest expense and increasing net income during that period. Certain external and internal costs directly related to the development, redevelopment and leasing of real estate, including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, construction costs and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved, are capitalized. We capitalized external and internal costs related to both development and redevelopment activities of  $410 million  and  $8 million , respectively, for  2017  and  $420 million  and  $9 million , respectively, for  2016 . We capitalized external and internal costs related to other property improvements of  $74 million  and  $3 million , respectively, for  2017  and  $61 million  and  $3 million , respectively, for  2016 . We capitalized external and internal costs related to leasing activities of  $11 million  and  $6 million , respectively, for  2017  and  $13 million  and  $6 million , respectively, for  2016 . The amount of capitalized internal costs for salaries and related benefits for development and redevelopment activities, other property improvements, and leasing activities were  $7 million ,  $3 million , and  $6 million , for  2017  and  $8 million ,  $2 million , and  $6 million  for  2016 . Total capitalized costs were  $512 million  and  $511 million  for  2017  and  2016 , respectively. When applicable, as lessee, we classify our leases of land and building as operating or capital leases. We are required to use judgment and make estimates in determining the lease term, the estimated economic life of the property and the interest rate to be used in determining whether or not the lease meets the qualification of a capital lease and is recorded as an asset. Real Estate Acquisitions Upon acquisition of operating real estate properties, we estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired including land, building, improvements, leasing costs, intangibles such as in-place leases, assumed debt, and current assets and liabilities, if any.  Based on these estimates, we allocate the purchase price to the applicable assets and liabilities. We utilize methods similar to those used by independent appraisers in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. The value allocated to in-place leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as rental income in the statement of operations. We consider qualitative and quantitative factors in evaluating the likelihood of a tenant exercising a below market renewal option and   32 Table of Contents include such renewal options in the calculation of in-place lease value when we consider these to be bargain renewal options. If the value of below market lease intangibles includes renewal option periods, we include such renewal periods in the amortization period utilized. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any in-place lease value is written off to rental income. Long-Lived Assets and Impairment There are estimates and assumptions made by management in preparing the consolidated financial statements for which the actual results will be determined over long periods of time. This includes the recoverability of long-lived assets, including our properties that have been acquired or redeveloped and our investment in certain joint ventures. Management’s evaluation of impairment includes review for possible indicators of impairment as well as, in certain circumstances, undiscounted and discounted cash flow analysis. Since most of our investments in real estate are wholly-owned or controlled assets which are held for use, a property with impairment indicators is first tested for impairment by comparing the undiscounted cash flows, including residual value, to the current net book value of the property. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the net book value, the property is written down to expected fair value. The calculation of both discounted and undiscounted cash flows requires management to make estimates of future cash flows including revenues, operating expenses, required maintenance and development expenditures, market conditions, demand for space by tenants and rental rates over long periods. Because our properties typically have a long life, the assumptions used to estimate the future recoverability of book value requires significant management judgment. Actual results could be significantly different from the estimates. These estimates have a direct impact on net income, because recording an impairment charge results in a negative adjustment to net income. Contingencies We are sometimes involved in lawsuits, warranty claims, and environmental matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Management makes assumptions and estimates concerning the likelihood and amount of any potential loss relating to these matters. We accrue a liability for litigation if an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If an unfavorable outcome is probable and a reasonable estimate of the loss is a range, we accrue the best estimate within the range; however, if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum within the range is accrued. Any difference between our estimate of a potential loss and the actual outcome would result in an increase or decrease to net income. Self-Insurance We are self-insured for general liability costs up to predetermined retained amounts per claim, and we believe that we maintain adequate accruals to cover our retained liability. We currently do not maintain third party stop-loss insurance policies to cover liability costs in excess of predetermined retained amounts. Our accrual for self-insurance liability is determined by management and is based on claims filed and an estimate of claims projected to be incurred but not yet reported. Management considers a number of factors, including third-party actuarial analysis, previous experience in our portfolio, and future increases in costs of claims, when making these determinations. If our liability costs differ from these accruals, it will increase or decrease our net income. Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 2017  Property Acquisitions and Dispositions On  February 1, 2017 , we acquired a leasehold interest in Hastings Ranch Plaza, a  274,000  square foot shopping center in Pasadena, California for  $29.5 million . The land is subject to a long-term ground lease that expires on April 30, 2054. Approximately  $21.5 million  of assets acquired were allocated to lease intangibles and included within other assets. Approximately  $15.2 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to lease liabilities and included in other liabilities.  On  March 31, 2017 , we acquired the fee interest in Riverpoint Center, a  211,000  square foot shopping center in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois for  $107.0 million . Approximately  $1.0 million  and  $12.3 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "above market leases," and other liabilities for "below market leases," respectively. We leased  three  parcels of land at our Assembly Row property to  two  ground lessees. Both lessees exercised purchase options under the related ground leases. The sale transaction related to the purchase option on one of our ground leases was completed on  April 4, 2017  for a sales price of  $36.0 million . On  June 28, 2017 , the sale transactions related to the purchase options on our other two ground lease parcels were completed for a total sales price of  $17.3 million . The net gain recognized in   33 Table of Contents connection with these transactions was approximately  $15.4 million . At  December 31, 2016 , the total cost basis of the related land was  $33.9 million  and is included in "assets held for sale" on our consolidated balance sheet. On  May 19, 2017 , we acquired the fee interest in a  71,000  square foot, mixed-use property located in Berkeley, California based on a gross value of  $23.9 million . The acquisition was completed through a newly formed entity for which we own a  90%  controlling interest. Approximately  $0.8 million  and  $0.3 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "above market leases," and other liabilities for "below market leases," respectively. Additionally, approximately  $2.4 million  was allocated to noncontrolling interests. On  August 2, 2017 , we acquired an approximately  90%  interest in a joint venture that owns  six  shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California based on a gross value of  $357 million , including the assumption of  $79.4 million  of mortgage debt. Approximately  $7.8 million  of assets acquired were allocated to lease intangibles and included within other assets. Approximately  $36.2 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to lease liabilities and included in other liabilities. Additionally, approximately  $30.6 million  was allocated to noncontrolling interests. That joint venture also acquired a  24.5%  interest in La Alameda, a shopping center in Walnut Park, California for  $19.8 million . The property has  $41.0 million  of mortgage debt, of which the joint venture's share is approximately  $10 million . Additional information on the properties is listed below: Property   City/State   GLA           (in square feet)   Azalea   South Gate, CA   222,000   Bell Gardens   Bell Gardens, CA   330,000   La Alameda   Walnut Park, CA   245,000   Olivo at Mission Hills (1)   Mission Hills, CA   155,000   Plaza Del Sol   South El Monte, CA   48,000   Plaza Pacoima   Pacoima, CA   204,000   Sylmar Towne Center   Sylmar, CA   148,000           1,352,000               (1) Property is currently being redeveloped. GLA reflects approximate square footage once the property is open and operating. On  August 25, 2017 , we sold our property located at 150 Post Street in San Francisco, California for a sales price of  $69.3 million , resulting in a gain of  $45.2 million . On  September 25, 2017 , we sold our North Lake Commons property in Lake Zurich, Illinois for a sales price of  $15.6 million , resulting in a gain of  $4.9 million . On  December 28, 2017 , we sold a parcel of land at our Bethesda Row property in Bethesda, Maryland for a sales price of  $8.5 million , resulting in a gain of  $6.5 million .  For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , we recognized a  $5.4 million  gain, net of  $1.4 million  of income taxes, related to the sale of condominiums at our Assembly Row property based on the percentage-of-completion method. In connection with recording the gain, we recognized a receivable of  $67.1 million  as of  December 31, 2017 . The closing of the Assembly Row condominium sales is expected to commence in 2018.   As of  December 31, 2017 , no gain has been recognized for contracted condominium sales at Pike & Rose, as not all of the criteria necessary for profit recognition have been met. 2017  Significant Debt and Equity Transactions On  June 5, 2017  we refinanced the  $175.0 million  mortgage loan on Plaza El Segundo at a face amount of  $125.0 million  and repaid the remaining  $50.0 million  at par. The new mortgage loan bears interest at  3.83%  and matures on  June 5, 2027 .  On  June 23, 2017 , we issued  $400.0 million  aggregate principal amount of fixed rate senior unsecured notes in two separate series. We issued  $300.0 million  of  3.25%  notes that mature on  July 15, 2027 , which were offered at  99.083%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  3.358% . Additionally, we issued  $100.0 million  of  4.50%  notes due  December 1, 2044 . The  4.50%  notes were offered at  105.760%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  4.143% , and have the same terms and are of the same series as the senior notes first issued on  November 14, 2014 . Our net proceeds from the June note offering after net issuance premium, underwriting fees and other costs was approximately  $399.5 million .  In connection with the acquisition of  six  shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California on  August 2, 2017  (as further discussed in Note 3), we assumed mortgage loans with a face amount of  $79.4 million  and a fair value of  $80.1 million . The mortgage loans are secured by the individual properties with the following contractual terms:  34 Table of Contents     Principal   Stated Interest Rate   Maturity Date     (in millions)         Sylmar Towne Center   $ 17.5   5.39 %   June 6, 2021 Plaza Del Sol   8.6   5.23 %   December 1, 2021 Azalea   40.0   3.73 %   November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens   13.3   4.06 %   August 1, 2026 On  August 31, 2017 , we refinanced the  $41.8 million  mortgage loan on The Grove at Shrewsbury (East) at a face amount of  $43.6 million . The new mortgage loan bears interest at  3.77%  and matures on  September 1, 2027 . On  September 29, 2017 , we issued  6,000,000  Depository Shares, each representing 1/1000th of a  5.0%  Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share, par value  $0.01  per share ("Series C Preferred Shares"), at the liquidation preference of  $25.00  per depository share (or  $25,000  per Series C Preferred share) in an underwritten public offering. The Series C Preferred Shares accrue dividends at a rate of  5.0%  of the  $25,000  liquidation preference per year and are redeemable at our option on or after  September 29, 2022 . Additionally, they are not convertible and holders of these shares generally have no voting rights, unless we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarters. The net proceeds after underwriting fees and other costs were approximately  $145.0 million .  On  December 21, 2017 , we issued  $175.0 million  aggregate principal amount of  3.25%  senior unsecured notes due  July 15, 2027 . The notes have the same terms and are of the same series as the  $300.0 million  senior notes issued on  June 23, 2017 . The notes were offered at  99.404%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  3.323% . Our net proceeds from the December note offering after net issuance premium, underwriting fees and other costs were approximately  $172.5 million . The proceeds were used on  December 31, 2017  to repay our  $150.0 million   5.90%  notes prior to the original maturity date of  April 1, 2020 . The redemption price of  $164.1 million  included a make-whole premium of  $11.9 million  and accrued but unpaid interest of  $2.2 million . The make-whole premium is included in "early extinguishment of debt" in 2017. On November 4, 2016, we replaced our existing at-the-market (“ATM”) equity program with a new ATM equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to  $400.0 million . We intend to use the net proceeds to fund potential acquisition opportunities, fund our development and redevelopment pipeline, repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility and/or for general corporate purposes. For the three months ended  December 31, 2017 , we issued  501,120  common shares at a weighted average price per share of  $132.22  for net cash proceeds of  $65.6 million  and paid  $0.7 million  in commissions and less than  $0.1 million  in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. For the  year  ended  December 31, 2017 , we issued  826,517  common shares at a weighted average price per share of  $132.56  for net cash proceeds of  $108.3 million  and paid  $1.1 million  in commissions and  $0.2 million  in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. As of  December 31, 2017 , we had the capacity to issue up to  $261.3 million  in common shares under our ATM equity program. Outlook We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, and cash flows primarily through a combination of the following: • growth in our same-center portfolio, • growth in our portfolio from property development and redevelopments, and • expansion of our portfolio through property acquisitions. Our same-center growth is primarily driven by increases in rental rates on new leases and lease renewals, changes in portfolio occupancy, and the redevelopment of those assets. Over the long-term, the infill nature and strong demographics of our properties provide a strategic advantage allowing us to maintain relatively high occupancy and generally increase rental rates. We continue to see strong levels of interest from prospective tenants for our retail spaces; however, the time it takes to complete new lease deals is longer, as tenants have become more selective and more deliberate in their decision-making process. We have also experienced extended periods of time for some government agencies to process permits and inspections further delaying rent commencement on newly leased spaces. Additionally, we have seen an overall decrease in the number of tenants available to fill anchor spaces, and have seen an uptick in the number of retail tenants closing early and/or filing for bankruptcy. We believe the locations and nature of our centers and diverse tenant base partially mitigates any potential negative changes in the economic environment. However, any significant reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent or other charges, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We seek to maintain a mix of strong national, regional, and local retailers. At  December 31, 2017 , no single tenant accounted for more than  2.9%  of annualized base rent.  Our properties are located primarily in densely populated and/or affluent areas with high barriers to entry which allow us to take advantage of redevelopment opportunities that enhance our operating performance through renovation, expansion,   35 Table of Contents reconfiguration, and/or retenanting. We evaluate our properties on an ongoing basis to identify these types of opportunities. We currently have redevelopment projects underway with a projected cost of approximately $155 million that we expect to stabilize in the next several years. We continue our ongoing redevelopment efforts at Santana Row and are under construction on an eight story 284,000 square foot office building which will include an additional 29,000 square feet of retail space and 1,300 parking spaces. The building is expected to cost between $205 and $215 million and to be delivered in 2019. After current phases, we have approximately 4 acres remaining for further redevelopment and entitlements in place for an additional 395 residential units and 321,000 square feet of commercial space. Additionally, we control 12 acres of land adjacent to Santana Row.    We continue to invest in our long-term multi-phased mixed-use development projects at Assembly Row in Somerville, Massachusetts and Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland which we expect to be involved in over the coming years. Construction of Phase II of Assembly Row which will include 161,000 square feet of retail space, 447 residential units, and a 158 room boutique hotel (which will be owned and operated by a joint venture in which we are a partner) is underway. Total expected costs range from $280 million to $295 million and remaining delivery is expected in 2018. Approximately 49,000 square feet of retail space in Phase II has opened in 2017, and in September, the first tenants moved into the new residential building. Phase II will also include 122 for-sale condominium units with an expected total cost of $74 million to $79 million. Additionally, as part of the second phase, we entered into a ground lease agreement with Partners HealthCare to bring 741,500 square feet of office space to Assembly Row. The ground lease agreement included a purchase option, which was exercised and the related sale closed on April 4, 2017. Construction of Phase II of Pike & Rose is also underway. Phase II will include approximately 216,000 square feet of retail space, 272 residential units, and a 177 room boutique hotel. Approximately 151,000 square feet of retail space in Phase II has opened in 2017, and in August, the first tenants moved into the new residential building. Total expected costs range from $200 million to $207 million and remaining delivery is expected in 2018. The hotel will be owned and operated by a joint venture in which we are a partner. Phase II will also include 99 for-sale condominium units with an expected cost of $53 million to $58 million.  We invested $273 million in Assembly Row and Pike & Rose in  2017  and expect to invest between $75 million and $100 million in Assembly Row and Pike & Rose in  2018 . The development of future phases of Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row will be pursued opportunistically based on, among other things, market conditions, tenant demand, and our evaluation of whether those phases will generate an appropriate financial return. We continue to review acquisition opportunities in our primary markets that complement our portfolio and provide long-term growth opportunities. Initially, some of our acquisitions do not contribute significantly to earnings growth; however, we believe they provide long-term re-leasing growth, redevelopment opportunities, and other strategic opportunities. Any growth from acquisitions is contingent on our ability to find properties that meet our qualitative standards at prices that meet our financial hurdles. Changes in interest rates may affect our success in achieving earnings growth through acquisitions by affecting both the price that must be paid to acquire a property, as well as our ability to economically finance the property acquisition. Generally, our acquisitions are initially financed by available cash and/or borrowings under our revolving credit facility which may be repaid later with funds raised through the issuance of new equity or new long-term debt. We may also finance our acquisitions through the issuance of common shares, preferred shares, or downREIT units as well as through assumed mortgages. At  December 31, 2017 , the leasable square feet in our properties was  95.3%  leased and  93.9%  occupied. The leased rate is higher than the occupied rate due to leased spaces that are being redeveloped or improved or that are awaiting permits and, therefore, are not yet ready to be occupied. Our occupancy and leased rates are subject to variability over time due to factors including acquisitions, the timing of the start and stabilization of our redevelopment projects, lease expirations and tenant closings and bankruptcies.  36 Table of Contents Same-Center Throughout this section, we have provided certain information on a “same-center” basis. Information provided on a same-center basis includes the results of properties that we owned and operated for the entirety of both periods being compared except for properties for which significant redevelopment or expansion occurred during either of the periods being compared. For the year ended  December 31, 2017  and the comparison of  2017  and  2016 , all or a portion of 78 properties were considered same-center and 15 properties were considered redevelopment or expansion. For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , one property was moved from acquisition to same-center, two properties were removed from same-center as they were sold during 2017, and four properties or portions of properties were moved from redevelopment to same-center, compared to the designations as of  December 31, 2016 . For the year ended  December 31, 2016  and the comparison of  2016  and  2015 , all or a portion of 76 properties were considered same-center and 17 properties were considered redevelopment or expansion. For the year ended  December 31, 2016 , three properties or portions of properties were moved from same-center to redevelopment and one property was moved from redevelopment to same-center, compared to the designations as of  December 31, 2015 . While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, we typically move redevelopment properties to same-center once they have stabilized, which is typically considered 95% occupancy or when the growth expected from the redevelopment has been included in the comparable periods. We typically remove properties from same center when the redevelopment has or is expected to have a significant impact to property operating income within the calendar year.  Acquisitions are moved to same-center once we have owned the property for the entirety of comparable periods and the property is not under significant redevelopment or expansion.   37 Table of Contents YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2017  COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2016               Change   2017   2016   Dollars   %   (Dollar amounts in thousands) Rental income $ 841,461   $ 786,583   $ 54,878   7.0  % Other property income 12,825   11,015   1,810   16.4  % Mortgage interest income 3,062   3,993   (931 )   (23.3 )% Total property revenue 857,348   801,591   55,757   7.0  % Rental expenses 164,890   158,326   6,564   4.1  % Real estate taxes 107,839   95,286   12,553   13.2  % Total property expenses 272,729   253,612   19,117   7.5  % Property operating income  (1) 584,619   547,979   36,640   6.7  % General and administrative expense (36,281 )   (33,399 )   (2,882 )   8.6  % Depreciation and amortization (216,050 )   (193,585 )   (22,465 )   11.6  % Operating income 332,288   320,995   11,293   3.5  % Other interest income 475   374   101   27.0  % (Loss) income from real estate partnerships (417 )   50   (467 )   (934.0 )% Interest expense (100,125 )   (94,994 )   (5,131 )   5.4  % Early extinguishment of debt (12,273 )   —   (12,273 )   100.0  % Total other, net (112,340 )   (94,570 )   (17,770 )   18.8  % Income from continuing operations 219,948   226,425   (6,477 )   (2.9 )% Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net 77,922   32,458   45,464   140.1  % Net income 297,870   258,883   38,987   15.1  % Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,956 )   (8,973 )   1,017   (11.3 )% Net income attributable to the Trust $ 289,914   $ 249,910   $ 40,004   16.0  % (1) Property operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Item 6. Selected Financial Data for further discussion.  Property Revenues Total property revenue increased  $55.8 million , or  7.0% , to  $857.3 million  in  2017  compared to  $801.6 million  in  2016 . The percentage occupied at our shopping centers was  93.9%  at  December 31, 2017  compared to  93.3%  at  December 31, 2016 . Changes in the components of property revenue are discussed below. Rental Income Rental income consists primarily of minimum rent, cost reimbursements from tenants and percentage rent. Rental income increased  $54.9 million , or  7.0% , to  $841.5 million  in  2017  compared to  $786.6 million  in  2016  due primarily to the following: • an increase of $22.0 million from acquisitions, primarily related to the six shopping centers acquired in Los Angeles County, California, Riverpoint Center, and Hastings Ranch Plaza, • an increase of $16.6 million at redevelopment properties due to the opening of our new office building at Santana Row in late 2016, the lease-up of three of our retail redevelopments, and the lease-up of the new residential building at Congressional Plaza, partially offset by lower occupancy at two of our retail properties in Florida in the beginning stages of redevelopment, • an increase of $8.0 million at same-center properties due primarily to higher rental rates of approximately $6.0 million, higher recoveries of $3.4 million primarily the result of higher real estate tax assessments, partially offset by lower average occupancy of approximately $1.2 million, • an increase of $6.1 million from Assembly Row and Pike & Rose due primarily to the lease-up of residential units and the opening of the second phase of retail during the second half of 2017, and • an increase of $3.2 million from the acquisition of six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016,  38 Table of Contents partially offset by • a decrease of $0.9 million from the sale of our 150 Post Street and North Lake Commons properties in August and September 2017, respectively. Other Property Income Other property income increased  $1.8 million , or  16.4% , to  $12.8 million  in  2017  compared to  $11.0 million  in  2016 . Included in other property income are items, which, although recurring, inherently tend to fluctuate more than rental income from period to period, such as lease termination fees. This increase is primarily related to higher lease termination fees. Mortgage Interest Income Mortgage interest income decreased  $0.9 million , or  23.3% , to  $3.1 million  in  2017  compared to  $4.0 million  in  2016 . This decrease is primarily related to a mortgage note receivable that was repaid in 2016. Property Expenses Total property expenses increased  $19.1 million , or  7.5% , to  $272.7 million  in  2017  compared to  $253.6 million  in  2016 . Changes in the components of property expenses are discussed below. Rental Expenses Rental expenses increased  $6.6 million , or  4.1% , to  $164.9 million  in  2017  compared to  $158.3 million  in  2016 . This increase is primarily due to the following: • an increase of $4.7 million from acquisitions, primarily related to six shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California, Hastings Ranch Plaza, and Riverpoint Center, and • an increase of $2.1 million from Assembly Row and Pike & Rose due primarily to the opening of Phase II residential units during the second half of 2017. As a result of the changes in rental income and rental expenses as discussed above, rental expenses as a percentage of rental income plus other property income decreased to  19.3%  for the year ended December 31,  2017  from  19.9%  for the year ended  December 31, 2016 . Real Estate Taxes Real estate tax expense increased  $12.6 million , or  13.2%  to  $107.8 million  in  2017  compared to  $95.3 million  in  2016  due primarily to the following: • an increase of $4.4 million at same-center properties primarily due to higher assessments, • an increase of $4.2 million from acquisitions, primarily related to six shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California, Riverpoint Center, and Hastings Ranch Plaza, • an increase of $3.0 million from redevelopment properties, primarily related to our new office building at Santana Row and other reassessments on our redevelopments, and  • an increase of $0.9 million related to Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. Property Operating Income Property operating income increased  $36.6 million , or  6.7% , to  $584.6 million  in  2017  compared to  $548.0 million  in  2016 .   This increase is primarily due to growth in earnings at redevelopment and same-center properties, 2017 acquisitions, Assembly Row and Pike & Rose (primarily the lease-up of residential units at Pike & Rose, the opening of the second phase of retail at Pike & Rose, and higher lease termination fees), and the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016. Other Operating Expenses General and Administrative Expense General and administrative expense increased  $2.9 million , or  8.6% , to  $36.3 million  in  2017  from  $33.4 million  in  2016 . This increase is primarily due to higher personnel related costs.  39 Table of Contents Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense increased  $22.5 million , or  11.6% , to  $216.1 million  in  2017  from  $193.6 million  in  2016 . This increase is primarily due to 2017 acquisitions, redevelopment properties (largely the new office building at Santana Row), Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, and same-center properties. Operating Income Operating income increased  $11.3 million , or  3.5% , to  $332.3 million  in  2017  compared to  $321.0 million  in  2016 . This increase is primarily due to growth in earnings at redevelopment and same-center properties, our 2017 acquisitions, Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, and the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, partially offset by higher personnel related costs. Other Interest Expense Interest expense increased  $5.1 million , or  5.4% , to  $100.1 million  in  2017  compared to  $95.0 million  in  2016 . This increase is due primarily to the following: • an increase of $16.1 million due to higher borrowings primarily attributable to the $300 million 3.25% senior notes and the $100 million reopening of the 4.5% senior notes both issued in June 2017, the 3.625% senior notes issued in July 2016, and higher weighted average borrowings on our revolving credit facility, partially offset by • an increase of $7.5 million in capitalized interest, and • a decrease of $3.5 million due to a lower overall weighted average borrowing rate. Gross interest costs were  $125.7 million  and  $113.0 million  in  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Capitalized interest was  $25.6 million  and  $18.0 million  in  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Early Extinguishment of Debt  The  $12.3 million  early extinguishment of debt charge in  2017  relates to the make-whole premium paid as part of the early redemption of our 5.90% senior notes on December 31, 2017 and the related write-off of the unamortized discount and debt fees. Gain on Sale of Real Estate and Change in Control of Interests, Net The  $77.9 million  gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net for the year ended December 31, 2017 is primarily due to the following: • $45.2 million gain related to the sale of our 150 Post Street property in August 2017,  • $15.4 million gain related to the sale of three ground lease parcels at our Assembly Row property in Somerville, Massachusetts,  • $6.5 million gain related to the sale of a parcel of land at our Bethesda Row property in December 2017, • $5.4 million net percentage-of-completion gain, related to residential condominium units under binding contract at our Assembly Row property, and • $4.9 million gain related to the sale of our North Lake Commons property in September 2017. The  $32.5 million  gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests for the year ended December 31, 2016 is primarily due to the following: • $25.7 million gain related to our obtaining control of six properties when we acquired Clarion’s 70% interest in the partnership that owned those properties. The properties were previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting. We consolidated these assets effective January 13, 2016, and consequently recognized a gain on obtaining the controlling interest, • $4.9 million gain related to the reversal of the unused portion of the warranty reserve for condominium units at Santana Row, as the statutorily mandated latent construction defect period ended in third quarter 2016, and • $1.8 million gain related to the sale of a building in Coconut Grove, Florida. Our share of the gain, net of noncontrolling interests, was $0.5 million.  40 Table of Contents YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2016  COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2015             Change   2016   2015   Dollars   %   (Dollar amounts in thousands) Rental income $ 786,583   $ 727,812   $ 58,771   8.1  % Other property income 11,015   11,810   (795 )   (6.7 )% Mortgage interest income 3,993   4,390   (397 )   (9.0 )% Total property revenue 801,591   744,012   57,579   7.7  % Rental expenses 158,326   147,593   10,733   7.3  % Real estate taxes 95,286   85,824   9,462   11.0  % Total property expenses 253,612   233,417   20,195   8.7  % Property operating income  (1) 547,979   510,595   37,384   7.3  % General and administrative expenses (33,399 )   (35,645 )   2,246   (6.3 )% Depreciation and amortization (193,585 )   (174,796 )   (18,789 )   10.7  % Operating income 320,995   300,154   20,841   6.9  % Other interest income 374   149   225   151.0  % Income from real estate partnerships 50   1,416   (1,366 )   (96.5 )% Interest expense (94,994 )   (92,553 )   (2,441 )   2.6  % Early extinguishment of debt —   (19,072 )   19,072   (100.0 )% Total other, net (94,570 )   (110,060 )   15,490   (14.1 )% Income from continuing operations 226,425   190,094   36,331   19.1  % Gain on sale of real estate 32,458   28,330   4,128   14.6  % Net income 258,883   218,424   40,459   18.5  % Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (8,973 )   (8,205 )   (768 )   9.4  % Net income attributable to the Trust $ 249,910   $ 210,219   $ 39,691   18.9  % (1) Property operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Item 6. Selected Financial Data for further discussion.  Property Revenues Total property revenue increased  $57.6 million , or  7.7% , to  $801.6 million  in  2016  compared to  $744.0 million  in  2015 . The percentage occupied at our shopping centers was  93.3%  at  December 31, 2016  compared to  93.5%  at  December 31, 2015 . Changes in the components of property revenue are discussed below. Rental Income Rental income consists primarily of minimum rent, cost reimbursements from tenants and percentage rent. Rental income increased  $58.8 million , or  8.1% , to  $786.6 million  in  2016  compared to  $727.8 million  in  2015  due primarily to the following: • an increase of $16.9 million attributable to properties acquired in 2015 and 2016, • an increase of $15.3 million from the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, • an increase of $11.7 million from Assembly Row and Pike & Rose as portions of both projects opened in 2015 and early 2016, • an increase of $10.6 million at redevelopment properties due primarily to the lease-up of The Point at Plaza El Segundo, as well as six of our other retail redevelopments, and the opening of the new office building at Santana Row, partially offset by lower occupancy as we start redeveloping centers, and • an increase of $9.5 million at same-center properties due primarily to higher rental rates of approximately $12.8 million, higher recoveries of $1.8 million primarily the net result of higher real estate tax expense offset by lower snow removal expense, partially offset by lower average occupancy of approximately $4.7 million, partially offset by,  41 Table of Contents • a decrease of $4.8 million due to the sale of our Houston Street and Courtyard Shops properties in April 2015 and November 2015, respectively. Other Property Income Other property income decreased  $0.8 million , or  6.7% , to  $11.0 million  in  2016  compared to  $11.8 million  in  2015 . The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in fee income as we no longer earn fees on the former Clarion joint venture properties. Property Expenses Total property expenses increased  $20.2 million , or  8.7% , to  $253.6 million  in  2016  compared to  $233.4 million  in  2015 . Changes in the components of property expenses are discussed below. Rental Expenses Rental expenses increased  $10.7 million , or  7.3% , to  $158.3 million  in  2016  compared to  $147.6 million  in  2015 . This increase is primarily due to the following: • an increase of $6.1 million related to properties acquired in  2015  and  2016 , • an increase of $3.2 million from the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, • an increase of $2.0 million related to Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, as portions of both projects opened in 2015 and early 2016, • an increase of $2.0 million at redevelopment properties, partially offset by • a decrease of $1.9 million in repairs and maintenance expenses at same-center properties primarily due to lower snow removal costs, and • a decrease of $1.1 million due to the sale of our Houston Street and Courtyard Shops properties in April 2015 and November 2015, respectively. As a result of the changes in rental income and rental expenses as discussed above, rental expenses as a percentage of rental income plus other property income increased to  19.9%  for the year ended  December 31, 2016  from  20.0%  for the year ended  December 31, 2015 . Real Estate Taxes Real estate tax expense increased  $9.5 million , or  11.0%  to  $95.3 million  in  2016  compared to  $85.8 million  in  2015  due primarily to the following: • an increase of $4.2 million at same-center properties due to higher assessments, • an increase of $2.2 million from properties acquired in 2015 and 2016, • an increase of $1.9 million due to the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, • an increase of $1.1 million from redevelopment properties, and • an increase of $0.8 million related to Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, partially offset by • a decrease of $0.8 million due to the sale of our Houston Street and Courtyard Shops properties in April 2015 and November 2015, respectively. Property Operating Income Property operating income increased  $37.4 million , or  7.3% , to  $548.0 million  in  2016  compared to  $510.6 million  in  2015 . This increase is primarily due to growth in earnings at same-center and redevelopment properties, the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, portions of Assembly Row and Pike & Rose opening in  2015  and early  2016 , and properties acquired in 2015, partially offset by the sale of our Houston Street and Courtyard Shops properties in April 2015 and November 2015, respectively.  42 Table of Contents Other Operating Expense General and Administrative Expense General and administrative expense decreased $2.2 million, or 6.3%, to  $33.4 million  in  2016  from  $35.6 million  in  2015 . This increase is primarily due to lower transaction costs, partially offset by higher personnel related costs. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense increased $18.8 million, or 10.7%, to  $193.6 million  in  2016  from  $174.8 million  in  2015 . This increase is due primarily to the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January  2016 , Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, depreciation on redevelopment related assets, and properties acquired in 2015. Operating Income Operating income increased  $20.8 million , or  6.9% , to  $321.0 million  in  2016  compared to  $300.2 million  in  2015 . This increase is primarily due to properties acquired in 2015, portions of Assembly Row and Pike & Rose opening in 2015 and early 2016, growth in earnings at redevelopment and same-center properties, and the acquisition of the six previously unconsolidated Clarion joint venture properties in January 2016, partially offset by the sale of our Houston Street and Courtyard Shops properties in April 2015 and November 2015, respectively. Other Interest Expense Interest expense increased  $2.4 million , or  2.6% , to  $95.0 million  in  2016  compared to  $92.6 million  in  2015 . This increase is due primarily to an increase of $8.6 million due to higher borrowings, partially offset by a decrease of $6.2 million due to a lower overall weighted average borrowing rate. Gross interest costs were  $113.0 million  and  $110.7 million  in  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Capitalized interest was  $18.0 million  and  $18.1 million  in  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Early Extinguishment of Debt The  $19.1 million  early extinguishment of debt in  2015  relates to the make-whole premium paid as part of the early redemption of our 6.20% senior notes in the second quarter of  2015 , partially offset by the related net write-off of unamortized premium and debt fees.  Gain on sale of Real Estate The  $32.5 million  gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests is primarily the result of our obtaining control of six properties when we acquired Clarion’s 70% interest in the partnership that owned those properties (see discussion in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements). The properties were previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting. We consolidated these assets effective January 13, 2016, and consequently recognized a gain of $25.7 million upon obtaining the controlling interest. 2016 also included a $1.8 million gain related to the May 2016 sale of a building in Coconut Grove, Florida by an unconsolidated joint venture (our share of the gain, net of noncontrolling interests, was $0.5 million) and a $4.9 million gain due to the reversal of the warranty reserve for condominium units at Santana Row, as the statutorily mandated latent construction defect period ended in third quarter 2016 and no further claims were filed. The  $28.3 million  gain on sale of real estate for 2015 is due to the sale of our Houston Street property in April 2015 and the sale of our Courtyard Shops property in November 2015. Liquidity and Capital Resources Due to the nature of our business and strategy, we typically generate significant amounts of cash from operations. The cash generated from operations is primarily paid to our common and preferred shareholders in the form of dividends. As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least  90%  of our taxable income. Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of normal recurring operating expenses, obligations under our capital and operating leases, regular debt service requirements (including debt service relating to additional or replacement debt, as well as scheduled debt maturities), recurring expenditures, non-recurring expenditures (such as tenant improvements and redevelopments) and dividends to common and preferred shareholders. Our long-term capital requirements consist primarily of maturities under our long-term debt agreements, development and redevelopment costs and potential acquisitions.  43 Table of Contents We intend to operate with and maintain a conservative capital structure that will allow us to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios as part of our commitment to investment-grade debt ratings. In the short and long term, we may seek to obtain funds through the issuance of additional equity, unsecured and/or secured debt financings, joint venture relationships relating to existing properties or new acquisitions, and property dispositions that are consistent with this conservative structure. At  December 31, 2017 , we had cash and cash equivalents of  $15.2 million  and  $41.0 million  outstanding on our  $800.0 million  unsecured revolving credit facility which matures on  April 20, 2020 , subject to two six-month extensions at our option.  In addition, we have an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the credit facility through an accordion feature to $1.5 billion. Our  $275.0 million  unsecured term loan that matures on  November 21, 2018 , subject to a one-year extension at our option, also has an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the term loan through an accordion feature to $350.0 million. As of  December 31, 2017 , we had the capacity to issue up to  $261.3 million  in common shares under our ATM equity program. For  2017 , the maximum amount of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility was  $344.0 million , the weighted average amount of borrowings outstanding was  $147.5 million  and the weighted average interest rate, before amortization of debt fees, was  1.9% . During  2017 , we raised $716.9 million of net proceeds through three separate public offerings for a total of $575.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a weighted average coupon of 3.47% and term of 13 years and $150.0 million of 5.0% preferred shares in addition to  $108.3 million  raised under our ATM equity program. During 2018, we have only $10.5 million of debt maturing, in addition to our unsecured term loan mentioned above. We currently believe that cash flows from operations, cash on hand, our ATM equity program, our revolving credit facility and our general ability to access the capital markets will be sufficient to finance our operations and fund our debt service requirements and capital expenditures. Our overall capital requirements during  2018  will depend upon acquisition opportunities, the level of improvements and redevelopments on existing properties and the timing and cost of development of Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and future phases of Santana Row. While the amount of future expenditures will depend on numerous factors, we expect to see a reduced level of capital investments in our properties under development and redevelopment compared to 2017, which is the result of completing construction on Phase II at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose in 2018. With respect to other capital investments related to our existing properties, we expect to incur levels consistent with prior years. Our capital investments will be funded on a short-term basis with cash flow from operations, cash on hand and/or our revolving credit facility, and on a long-term basis, with long-term debt or equity including shares issued under our ATM equity program. If necessary, we may access the debt or equity capital markets to finance significant acquisitions. Given our past ability to access the capital markets, we expect debt or equity to be available to us. Although there is no intent at this time, if market conditions deteriorate, we may also delay the timing of certain development and redevelopment projects as well as limit future acquisitions, reduce our operating expenditures, or re-evaluate our dividend policy. In addition to conditions in the capital markets which could affect our ability to access those markets, the following factors could affect our ability to meet our liquidity requirements: • restrictions in our debt instruments or preferred shares may limit us from incurring debt or issuing equity at all, or on acceptable terms under then-prevailing market conditions; and • we may be unable to service additional or replacement debt due to increases in interest rates or a decline in our operating performance. Summary of Cash Flows     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   (In thousands) Cash provided by operating activities $ 459,177   $ 423,705 Cash used in investing activities (836,802 )   (590,221 ) Cash provided by financing activities 369,445   168,838 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (8,180 )   2,322 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 23,368   21,046 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 15,188   $ 23,368 Net cash provided by operating activities increased  $35.5 million  to  $459.2 million  during  2017  from  $423.7 million  during  2016 . The increase was primarily attributable to higher net income before certain non-cash items, and the timing of payments related to operating costs.  44 Table of Contents Net cash used in investing activities increased  $246.6 million  to  $836.8 million  during  2017  from  $590.2 million  during  2016 . The increase was primarily attributable to: • a $293.7 million increase in acquisitions of real estate, primarily due to the August 2017 acquisition of six shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California, • a $80.0 million net increase in capital expenditures and leasing costs as we continue to invest in Pike & Rose, Assembly Row, Santana Row, and other current redevelopments, and  • a $13.3 million decrease in cash flows from mortgage notes receivable primarily due to the payoff of an $11.7 million note receivable in September 2016,    partially offset by • $136.1 million in net proceeds primarily from the sale of our property at 150 Post Street, three land parcels at Assembly Row, North Lake Commons, and a land parcel at our Bethesda Row property in 2017. Net cash provided by financing activities increased  $200.6 million  to  $369.4 million  during  2017  from  $168.8 million  during  2016 . The increase was primarily attributable to: • $572.1 million net proceeds from the June 2017 issuance of  $300.0 million  and the December 2017 issuance of $175.0 million of  3.25%  senior unsecured notes that mature on  July 15, 2027  and  $100.0 million  of  4.50%  notes that mature on  December 1, 2044 , compared to $241.8 million in net proceeds from the issuance of 3.625% senior notes in July 2016, • $145.0 million in net proceeds from the September 29, 2017 issuance of 6,000 Series C Preferred Shares, • $41.0 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility in 2017 as compared to $56.9 million of repayments in 2016, • a $12.8 million increase in contributions from noncontrolling interests primarily due to contributions to fund the $50.0 million partial repayment of the Plaza El Segundo mortgage loan, and • an $8.9 million decrease in distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests primarily due to the 2016 acquisition of the 10% noncontrolling interest of a partnership which owns a project in Southern California, partially offset by • a $210.5 million decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of common shares primarily due to our March 2016 issuance of 1.0 million common shares at $149.43 per share in an underwritten public offering, and  1.2 million  common shares under our ATM equity program at a weighted average price of  $152.92  during 2016, compared to  0.8 million  common shares under our ATM equity program at a weighted average price of  $132.56  during 2017, • the December 2017 redemption of $150.0 million of senior notes with a make-whole premium of $11.9 million, and • a $15.3 million increase in dividends paid to shareholders due to an increase in the dividend rate and a higher number of shares outstanding.  45 Table of Contents Contractual Commitments The following table provides a summary of our fixed, noncancelable obligations as of  December 31, 2017 :     Commitments Due by Period Total   Less Than 1 Year   1-3 Years   3-5 Years   After 5 Years (In thousands) Fixed rate debt (principal and interest)(1) $ 4,632,932   $ 407,626   $ 305,997   $ 838,746   $ 3,080,563 Fixed and variable rate debt - our share of unconsolidated real estate partnerships (principal and interest) 30,825   752   20,610   9,463   — Capital lease obligations (principal and interest) 171,435   5,800   11,600   11,610   142,425 Variable rate debt (principal only)(2) 41,000   —   41,000   —   — Operating leases 211,831   4,583   9,486   9,630   188,132 Real estate commitments 67,500   —   —   —   67,500 Development, redevelopment, and capital improvement obligations 326,631   263,610   63,021   —   — Contractual operating obligations 58,490   28,013   24,997   5,480   — Total contractual obligations $ 5,540,644   $ 710,384   $ 476,711   $ 874,929   $ 3,478,620  _____________________ (1) Fixed rate debt includes our  $275.0 million  term loan as the rate is effectively fixed by  two  interest rate swap agreements. (2) Variable rate debt includes our revolving credit facility, which currently has  $41.0 million  outstanding and bears interest at LIBOR plus 0.825%. In addition to the amounts set forth in the table above and other liquidity requirements previously discussed, the following potential commitments exist: (a) Under the terms of the Congressional Plaza partnership agreement, a minority partner has the right to require us and the other minority partner to purchase its  26.63%  interest in Congressional Plaza at the interest’s then-current fair market value. If the other minority partner defaults in their obligation, we must purchase the full interest. Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $81 million  to  $85 million .  (b) Under the terms of various other partnership agreements, the partners have the right to exchange their operating partnership units for cash or the same number of our common shares, at our option. As of  December 31, 2017 , a total of  787,962  operating partnership units are outstanding. (c) The other member in Montrose Crossing has the right to require us to purchase all of its  10.1%  interest in Montrose Crossing at the interest's then-current fair market value. If the other member fails to exercise its put option, we have the right to purchase its interest on or after December 27, 2021 at fair market value.  Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $12 million  to  $13 million . (d)  Two  of the members in Plaza El Segundo have the right to require us to purchase their  10.0%  and  11.8%  ownership interests at the interests' then-current fair market value. If the members fail to exercise their put options, we have the right to purchase each of their interests on or after December 30, 2026 at fair market value.  Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $26 million  to  $29 million .  (e) Effective  January 1, 2017 , the other member in The Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 has the right to require us to purchase all of its approximately  4.8%  interest in The Grove at Shrewsbury and approximately  8.8%  interest in Brook 35 at the interests' then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from  $9 million  to  $10 million .  (f) At  December 31, 2017 , we had letters of credit outstanding of approximately  $1.3 million .  46 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Other than the items disclosed in the Contractual Commitments Table, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of  December 31, 2017  that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  47 Table of Contents Debt Financing Arrangements The following is a summary of our total debt outstanding as of  December 31, 2017 : Description of Debt   Original Debt Issued   Principal Balance as of December 31, 2017   Stated Interest Rate as of December 31, 2017   Maturity Date     (Dollars in thousands)         Mortgages payable                 Secured fixed rate                 The Grove at Shrewsbury (West)   Acquired   $ 10,545   6.38 %   March 1, 2018 Rollingwood Apartments   24,050   20,820   5.54 %   May 1, 2019 The Shops at Sunset Place   Acquired   66,603   5.62 %   September 1, 2020 29th Place   Acquired   4,341   5.91 %   January 31, 2021 Sylmar Towne Center   Acquired   17,362   5.39 %   June 6, 2021 Plaza Del Sol   Acquired   8,579   5.23 %   December 1, 2021 THE AVENUE at White Marsh   52,705   52,705   3.35 %   January 1, 2022 Montrose Crossing   80,000   71,054   4.20 %   January 10, 2022 Azalea   Acquired   40,000   3.73 %   November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens   Acquired   13,184   4.06 %   August 1, 2026 Plaza El Segundo   125,000   125,000   3.83 %   June 5, 2027 The Grove at Shrewsbury (East)   43,600   43,600   3.77 %   September 1, 2027 Brook 35   11,500   11,500   4.65 %   July 1, 2029 Chelsea   Acquired   6,268   5.36 %   January 15, 2031 Subtotal       491,561         Net unamortized premium and debt issuance costs       (56 )         Total mortgages payable       491,505         Notes payable                 Unsecured fixed rate                 Term Loan (1)   275,000   275,000   LIBOR + 0.90%   November 21, 2018 Various   7,239   4,819   11.31 %   Various through 2028 Unsecured variable rate                 Revolving credit facility (2)   800,000   41,000   LIBOR + 0.825%   April 20, 2020 Subtotal       320,819         Net unamortized debt issuance costs       (554 )         Total notes payable       320,265         Senior notes and debentures                 Unsecured fixed rate                 2.55% notes   250,000   250,000   2.55 %   January 15, 2021 3.00% notes   250,000   250,000   3.00 %   August 1, 2022 2.75% notes   275,000   275,000   2.75 %   June 1, 2023 3.95% notes   300,000   300,000   3.95 %   January 15, 2024 7.48% debentures   50,000   29,200   7.48 %   August 15, 2026 3.25% notes   475,000   475,000   3.25 %   July 15, 2027 6.82% medium term notes   40,000   40,000   6.82 %   August 1, 2027 4.50% notes   550,000   550,000   4.50 %   December 1, 2044 3.625% notes   250,000   250,000   3.625 %   August 1, 2046 Subtotal       2,419,200         Net unamortized discount and debt issuance costs       (17,760 )         Total senior notes and debentures       2,401,440         Capital lease obligations                 Various       71,556   Various   Various through 2106 Total debt and capital lease obligations       $ 3,284,766         _____________________ 1) We entered into  two  interest rate swap agreements that fix the LIBOR portion of the interest rate on the term loan at 1.72%. The spread on the term loan is 90 basis points resulting in a fixed rate of  2.62% .  2) The maximum amount drawn under our revolving credit facility during  2017  was  $344.0 million  and the weighted average effective interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility, before amortization of debt fees, was  1.9% .  48 Table of Contents Our revolving credit facility, term loan and other debt agreements include financial and other covenants that may limit our operating activities in the future. As of  December 31, 2017 , we were in compliance with all of the financial and other covenants related to our revolving credit facility, term loan, and senior notes. Additionally, as of  December 31, 2017 , we were in compliance with all of the financial and other covenants that could trigger loan default on our mortgage loans. If we were to breach any of these financial and other covenants and did not cure the breach within an applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. Many of our debt arrangements, including our public notes, term loan and our revolving credit facility, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares. Our organizational documents do not limit the level or amount of debt that we may incur. The following is a summary of our scheduled principal repayments as of  December 31, 2017 :     Unsecured   Secured   Capital Lease   Total     (In thousands)   2018 $ 275,506 (1) $ 16,228   $ 41   $ 291,775    2019 563   25,820   42   26,425    2020 41,624 (2) 65,539   46   107,209    2021 250,694   30,541   51   281,286    2022 250,771   117,018   56   367,845    Thereafter 1,920,861    236,415   71,320   2,228,596      $ 2,740,019    $ 491,561   $ 71,556   $ 3,303,136 (3) _____________________ 1) Our  $275.0 million  unsecured term loan matures on  November 21, 2018 , subject to a one-year extension at our option. 2) Our  $800.0 million  revolving credit facility matures on  April 20, 2020 , subject to two six-month extensions at our option. As of  December 31, 2017 , there was  $41.0 million  outstanding under this credit facility. 3) The total debt maturities differs from the total reported on the consolidated balance sheet due to the unamortized net premium/(discount) and debt issuance costs on mortgage loans, notes payable, and senior notes as of  December 31, 2017 . Interest Rate Hedging We may use derivative instruments to manage exposure to variable interest rate risk. We generally enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to variable interest rate risk and treasury locks to manage the risk of interest rates rising prior to the issuance of debt. We enter into derivative instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges and do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We assess effectiveness of our cash flow hedges both at inception and on an ongoing basis. The effective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) which is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated balance sheet and our consolidated statement of shareholders' equity. Our cash flow hedges become ineffective if critical terms of the hedging instrument and the debt instrument do not perfectly match such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation period and LIBOR rate.  In addition, we evaluate the default risk of the counterparty by monitoring the credit worthiness of the counterparty which includes reviewing debt ratings and financial performance. However, management does not anticipate non-performance by the counterparty. If a cash flow hedge is deemed ineffective, the ineffective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recognized in earnings in the period affected. As of  December 31, 2017 , we are party to  two  interest rate swap agreements that effectively fixed the rate on the term loan at  2.62% . Both swaps were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges and were recorded at fair value. Hedge ineffectiveness has not impacted earnings in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , and we do not anticipate it will have a significant effect in the future.    49 Table of Contents REIT Qualification We intend to maintain our qualification as a REIT under Section 856(c) of the Code. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to corporate federal income taxes on income we distribute to our shareholders as long as we satisfy certain technical requirements of the Code, including the requirement to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our shareholders. Funds From Operations Funds from operations (“FFO”) is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies’ operating performance. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as follows: net income, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization and excluding extraordinary items and gains and losses on the sale of real estate, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate. We compute FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition, and we have historically reported our FFO available for common shareholders in addition to our net income and net cash provided by operating activities. It should be noted that FFO: • does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP (which, unlike FFO, generally reflects all cash effects of transactions and other events in the determination of net income); • should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance; and • is not necessarily indicative of cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to fund cash needs, including the payment of dividends. We consider FFO available for common shareholders a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance primarily because it excludes the assumption that the value of the real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, as implied by the historical cost convention of GAAP and the recording of depreciation. We use FFO primarily as one of several means of assessing our operating performance in comparison with other REITs. Comparison of our presentation of FFO to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. An increase or decrease in FFO available for common shareholders does not necessarily result in an increase or decrease in aggregate distributions because our Board of Trustees is not required to increase distributions on a quarterly basis unless necessary for us to maintain REIT status. However, we must distribute at least  90%  of our taxable income to remain qualified as a REIT. Therefore, a significant increase in FFO will generally require an increase in distributions to shareholders although not necessarily on a proportionate basis. The reconciliation of net income to FFO available for common shareholders is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands, except per share data) Net income $ 297,870   $ 258,883   $ 218,424 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,956 )   (8,973 )   (8,205 ) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net (77,632 )   (31,133 )   (28,330 ) Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 188,719   169,198   154,232 Amortization of initial direct costs of leases 19,124   16,875   15,026 Funds from operations 420,125   404,850   351,147 Dividends on preferred shares (1) (1,917 )   (541 )   (541 ) Income attributable to operating partnership units 3,143   3,145   3,398 Income attributable to unvested shares (1,374 )   (1,095 )   (1,147 ) Funds from operations available for common shareholders (2) $ 419,977   $ 406,359   $ 352,857 Weighted average number of common shares, diluted (1) 73,122   71,869   69,920             Funds from operations available for common shareholders, per diluted share (2) $ 5.74   $ 5.65   $ 5.05   _____________________ (1) For the year ended December 31, 2017, dividends on our Series 1 preferred stock are not deducted in the calculation of FFO available to common shareholders, as the related shares are dilutive and included in "weighted average common shares, diluted." The weighted average common shares used to compute FFO per diluted common share also includes   50 Table of Contents operating partnership units that were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. Conversion of these operating partnership units is dilutive in the computation of FFO per diluted common share but is anti-dilutive for the computation of diluted EPS for the periods presented. (2) If the $12.3 million and the $19.1 million early extinguishment of debt charge incurred in 2017 and 2015, respectively, was excluded, our FFO available for common shareholders for 2017 and 2015 would have been  $432.2 million  and $371.9 million, respectively, and FFO available for common shareholders, per diluted share would have been  $5.91  and  $5.32 , respectively.  ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Our use of financial instruments, such as debt instruments, subjects us to market risk which may affect our future earnings and cash flows, as well as the fair value of our assets. Market risk generally refers to the risk of loss from changes in interest rates and market prices. We manage our market risk by attempting to match anticipated inflow of cash from our operating, investing and financing activities with anticipated outflow of cash to fund debt payments, dividends to common and preferred shareholders, investments, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. We may enter into certain types of derivative financial instruments to further reduce interest rate risk. We use interest rate protection and swap agreements, for example, to convert some of our variable rate debt to a fixed-rate basis or to hedge anticipated financing transactions. We use derivatives for hedging purposes rather than speculation and do not enter into financial instruments for trading purposes. As of  December 31, 2017 , we were party to  two  interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the rate on the  $275.0 million  term loan at  2.62% .  Interest Rate Risk The following discusses the effect of hypothetical changes in market rates of interest on interest expense for our variable rate debt and on the fair value of our total outstanding debt, including our fixed-rate debt. Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our debt. Quoted market prices were used to estimate the fair value of our marketable senior notes and debentures and discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to estimate the fair value of our mortgages and notes payable. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. This analysis does not purport to take into account all of the factors that may affect our debt, such as the effect that a changing interest rate environment could have on the overall level of economic activity or the action that our management might take to reduce our exposure to the change. This analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. Fixed Interest Rate Debt The majority of our outstanding debt obligations (maturing at various times through 2046 or, with respect to capital lease obligations through 2106) have fixed interest rates which limit the risk of fluctuating interest rates. However, interest rate fluctuations may affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt instruments. At  December 31, 2017 , we had  $3.2 billion  of fixed-rate debt outstanding, including our  $275.0 million  term loan as the rate is effectively fixed by  two  interest rate swap agreements; we also had capital lease obligations of  $71.6 million . If market interest rates used to calculate the fair value on our fixed-rate debt instruments at  December 31, 2017  had been  1.0%  higher, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have decreased by approximately  $239.4 million . If market interest rates used to calculate the fair value on our fixed-rate debt instruments at  December 31, 2017  had been  1.0%  lower, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have increased by approximately  $276.4 million . Variable Interest Rate Debt Generally, we believe that our primary interest rate risk is due to fluctuations in interest rates on our variable rate debt. At  December 31, 2017 , we had  $41.0 million  of variable rate debt outstanding. Based upon this amount of variable rate debt and the specific terms, if market interest rates increased 1.0%, our annual interest expense woud increase by approximately $0.4 million with a corresponding decrease in our net income and cash flows for the year. Conversely, if market rates decreased 1.0%, our annual interest expense would decrease by approximately $0.4 million with a corresponding increase in our net income and cash flows for the year. ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data are included as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference.  51 Table of Contents ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Trust maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Trust’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met.  Our management, with the participation of the Trust’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Trust’s disclosure controls and procedures as of  December 31, 2017 . Based on that evaluation, the Trust’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of  December 31, 2017 , the Trust’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.  Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Trust’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Trust’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Trustees, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: • pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of our assets;  • provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and our Trustees; and  • provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of any of our assets in circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  We assessed the effectiveness of the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 . In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on that assessment and criteria, management concluded that the Trust's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2017 . Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Trust's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Trust's internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page  F-2  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of  2017  that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable.  52 Table of Contents PART III Certain information required in Part III is omitted from this Report but is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for the  2018  Annual Meeting of Shareholders (as amended or supplemented, the “Proxy Statement”). ITEM 10.    TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The tables and narrative in the Proxy Statement identifying our Trustees and Board committees under the caption “Election of Trustees” and “Corporate Governance”, the sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Executive Officers” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 10 are incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted a Code of Ethics, which is applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. The Code of Ethics is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investors section of our website at  www.federalrealty.com . ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Summary Compensation Table,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Trustee Compensation” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 11 are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Share Ownership” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 12 are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND TRUSTEE INDEPENDENCE The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Certain Relationship and Related Transactions” and “Independence of Trustees” and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 13 are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and “Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 14 are incorporated herein by reference. PART IV ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Financial Statements Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, together with Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page  F-1 .   (2) Financial Statement Schedules Our financial statement schedules are included in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on  page  F-31 .   (3) Exhibits   (b) The following documents are filed as exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference info, this report:  53 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No.   Description       3.1   Declaration of Trust of Federal Realty Investment Trust dated May 5, 1999 as amended by the Articles of Amendment of Declaration of Trust of Federal Realty Investment Trust dated May 6, 2004, as corrected by the Certificate of Correction of Articles of Amendment of Declaration of Trust of Federal Realty Investment Trust dated June 17, 2004, as amended by the Articles of Amendment of Declaration of Trust of Federal Realty Investment Trust dated May 6, 2009 (previously filed as  Exhibit 3.1  to the Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-160009) and incorporated herein by reference)       3.2   Amended and Restated Bylaws of Federal Realty Investment Trust dated February 12, 2003, as amended October 29, 2003, May 5, 2004, February 17, 2006, May 6, 2009, and November 2, 2016 (previously files a  Exhibit 3.2  to the Trust's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       4.1   Specimen Common Share certificate (previously filed as Exhibit 4(i) to the Trust’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       4.2   Articles Supplementary relating to the 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (previously filed as  Exhibit 4.1  to the Trust’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2007, (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       4.3   ** Indenture dated December 1, 1993 related to the Trust’s 7.48% Debentures due August 15, 2026; and 6.82% Medium Term Notes due August 1, 2027; (previously filed as Exhibit 4(a) to the Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-51029), and amended on Form S-3 (File No. 33-63687), filed on December 13, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference)       4.4   ** Indenture dated September 1, 1998 related to the Trust’s 5.90% Notes due 2020; 3.00% Notes due 2022; 2.75% Notes due 2023; 3.95% Notes due 2024; 4.50% Notes due 2044; 2.55% Notes due 2021; 3.625% Notes due 2046; 3.25% Notes due 2027 (previously filed as  Exhibit 4(a)  to the Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-63619) filed on September 17, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference)       4.5   Articles Supplementary relating to the 5.000% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (previously filed as  Exhibit 3.2  to the Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 1-07533), filed on September 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)       4.6   Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2017, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC, as Depository, and all holders from time to time of Receipt (previously filed as  Exhibit 4.1  to the Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 1-07533), filed on September 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)       4.7   Specimen certificate relating to the 5.000% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (previously filed as  Exhibit 4.3  to the Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 1-07533), filed on September 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.1   * Severance Agreement between the Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 22, 1999 (previously filed as a portion of  Exhibit 10  to the Trust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999 (File No. 1-07533) (the "1999 1Q Form 10-Q") and incorporated herein by reference)       10.2   * Executive Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 22, 1999 (previously filed as a portion of  Exhibit 10  to the 1999 1Q Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference)       10.3   * Amendment to Executive Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.12  to the Trust’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 (File No. 1-07533) (the “2004 Form 10-K”) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.4    2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 99.1  to the Trust’s S-8 Registration Number 333-60364 filed on May 7, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.5    * Health Coverage Continuation Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.26  to the 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)       10.6    * Severance Agreement between the Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated April 19, 2000 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.26  to the Trust’s 2005 2Q Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference)       10.7    * Amendment to Severance Agreement between the Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.27  to the 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)        54 Table of Contents Exhibit No.    Description 10.8    Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under the Trust’s 2003 Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.28  to the 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)       10.9    Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for long term vesting and retention awards for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.35  to the Trust's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 1-07533) (the "2010 Form 10-K") and incorporated herein by reference)       10.10    Form of Option Award Agreement for awards made under the Trust’s 2003 Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.32  to the 2005 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 10.11    Amended and Restated 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.34  to the Trust’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)     10.12    * Amendment to Severance Agreement between the Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.26  to the Trust’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-07533) (“the 2008 Form 10-K”) and incorporated herein by reference)     10.13   * Second Amendment to Executive Agreement between the Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.27  to the Trust’s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)     10.14   * Amendment to Health Coverage Continuation Agreement between the Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.28  to the Trust’s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)     10.15    * Second Amendment to Severance Agreement between the Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.30  to the Trust’s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference)     10.16    2010 Performance Incentive Plan (previously filed as  Appendix A  to the Trust’s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 01-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.17    Amendment to 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (“the 2010 Plan”) (previously filed as  Appendix A  to the Trust’s Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 01-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)     10.18    * Restricted Share Award Agreement between the Trust and Donald C. Wood dated October 12, 2010 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.36  to the Trust’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 (File No. 01-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)     10.19    Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program and the Trust’s Annual Incentive Bonus Program and basic awards with annual vesting for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.34  to the Trust’s 2010 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.20   Form of Option Award Agreement for awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.38  to the Trust’s 2010 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)        10.21   Form of Option Award Agreement for front loaded awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.39  to the Trust’s 2010 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)        10.22    Form of Option Award Agreement for basic options awarded out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.40  to the Trust’s 2010 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.23    Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2011, between the Trust and Dawn M. Becker (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.41  to the Trust’s 2010 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.24   Credit Agreement dated as of July 7, 2011, by and among the Trust, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto and their permitted assignees under Section 12.6., as Lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as a Lead Arranger and Book Manager, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as a Lead Arranger and Book Manager (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-07533), filed on July 11, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference)        55 Table of Contents Exhibit No.    Description     10.25   Term Loan Agreement dated as of November 22, 2011, by and among the Trust, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto and their permitted assignees under Section 12.6., as Lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Capital One, N.A., Syndication Agent, PNC Capital Markets, LLC, as a Lead Arranger and Book Manager, and Capital One, N.A., as a Lead Arranger and Book Manager (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-07533), filed on November 28, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.26   Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for front loaded awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.35  to the Trust's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-07533) (the "2012 Form 10-K") and incorporated herein by reference)     10.27   Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for long-term vesting and retention awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.36  to the Trust's 2012 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)     10.28    Revised Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for shares awarded out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.37  to the Trust's 2012 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.29    Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under the Trust’s Long-Term Incentive Award Program and the Trust’s Annual Incentive Bonus Program and basic awards with annual vesting for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.38  to the Trust's 2012 Form 10-K (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference)       10.30   First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2013, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, each of the Lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-07533), filed on April 26, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.31    First Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2013, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, each of the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.40  to the Trust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 (File No. 1-07533) and incorporated herein by reference       10.32   Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2014, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, each of the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-07533), filed on September 2, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.33   Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2016, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, each of the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust's Current Report on Form 8K (File No. 1-07533), filed on April 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.34   Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2016, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, each of the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.1  to the Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-07533), filed on April 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference)       10.35   Severance Agreement  between the Trust and Daniel Guglielmone dated August 15, 2016 (previously filed as  Exhibit 10.36  to the Trust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (File No. 1-07533 and incorporated herein by reference)       21.1   Subsidiaries of Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith)       23.1   Consent of Grant Thornton LLP (filed herewith)       31.1    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith)       31.2    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith)       32.1    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith)       32.2    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith)       101    The following materials from Federal Realty Investment Trust’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (3) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity, (4) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (5) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements that have been detail tagged. _____________________  56 Table of Contents * Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. ** Pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(4)(iii), the Trust by this filing agrees, upon request, to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Trust. ITEM 16.    FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable.  57 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized this  February 13, 2018 .         Federal Realty Investment Trust     By: / S /    D ONALD  C. W OOD           Donald C. Wood President, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Donald C. Wood and Dawn M. Becker as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Report and to file same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, granting unto such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary in connection with such matters and hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.   Signature    Title   Date       / S /    D ONALD  C. W OOD    President, Chief Executive Officer and   February 13, 2018 Donald C. Wood   Trustee (Principal Executive Officer)             / S /    D ANIEL  G UGLIELMONE    Executive Vice President-Chief Financial   February 13, 2018 Daniel Guglielmone   Officer and Treasurer (Principal         Financial and Accounting Officer)           / S /    J OSEPH  S. V ASSALLUZZO    Non-Executive Chairman   February 13, 2018 Joseph S. Vassalluzzo               / S /    J ON  E. B ORTZ    Trustee   February 13, 2018 Jon E. Bortz               / S /    D AVID  W. F AEDER    Trustee   February 13, 2018 David W. Faeder               /S/     E LIZABETH  I.   H OLLAND   Trustee   February 13, 2018 Elizabeth I. Holland                   / S /    G AIL  P. S TEINEL    Trustee   February 13, 2018 Gail P. Steinel               / S /    W ARREN  M. T HOMPSON    Trustee   February 13, 2018 Warren M. Thompson          58 Table of Contents Item 8 and Item 15(a)(1) and (2) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules   Consolidated Financial Statements Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income F-5 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8     Financial Statement Schedules   Schedule III—Summary of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F-31 Schedule IV—Mortgage Loans on Real Estate F-39 All other schedules have been omitted either because the information is not applicable, not material, or is disclosed in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Trustees and Shareholders Federal Realty Investment Trust Opinion on internal control over financial reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Federal Realty Investment Trust (a Maryland real estate investment trust) and Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Trust") as of  December 31, 2017 , based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Trust maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 , based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated financial statements of the Trust as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our report dated  February 13, 2018  expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion The Trust’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP New York, New York February 13, 2018   F-2 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Trustees and Shareholders Federal Realty Investment Trust Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Federal Realty Investment Trust (a Maryland real estate investment trust) and Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Trust") as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2017 , and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trust as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2017 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 , based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), and our report dated  February 13, 2018  expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP We have served as the Trust’s auditor since 2002.  New York, New York February 13, 2018   F-3 Table of Contents Federal Realty Investment Trust Consolidated Balance Sheets     December 31,   2017   2016   (In thousands, except share and per share data) ASSETS       Real estate, at cost       Operating (including $1,639,486 and $1,211,605 of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) $ 6,950,188   $ 6,125,957 Construction-in-progress (including $43,393 and $15,313 of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 684,873   599,260 Assets held for sale —   33,856   7,635,061   6,759,073 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (including $247,410   and $209,239 of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) (1,876,544 )   (1,729,234 ) Net real estate 5,758,517   5,029,839 Cash and cash equivalents 15,188   23,368 Accounts and notes receivable 209,877   116,749 Mortgage notes receivable, net 30,429   29,904 Investment in real estate partnerships 23,941   14,864 Prepaid expenses and other assets 237,803   208,555 TOTAL ASSETS $ 6,275,755   $ 5,423,279 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY       Liabilities       Mortgages payable (including $460,372   and $439,120 of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) $ 491,505   $ 471,117 Capital lease obligations 71,556   71,590 Notes payable 320,265   279,151 Senior notes and debentures 2,401,440   1,976,594 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 196,332   201,756 Dividends payable 75,931   71,440 Security deposits payable 16,667   16,285 Other liabilities and deferred credits 169,388   115,817 Total liabilities 3,743,084   3,203,750 Commitments and contingencies (Note 7)   Redeemable noncontrolling interests 141,157   143,694 Shareholders’ equity       Preferred shares, authorized 15,000,000 shares, $.01 par:       5.0% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, (stated at liquidation preference $25,000 per share), 6,000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 150,000   — 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, (stated at liquidation preference $25 per share), 399,896 shares issued and outstanding 9,997   9,997 Common shares of beneficial interest, $.01 par, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 73,090,877 and 71,995,897 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 733   722 Additional paid-in capital 2,855,321   2,718,325 Accumulated dividends in excess of net income (749,367 )   (749,734 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 22   (2,577 ) Total shareholders’ equity of the Trust 2,266,706   1,976,733 Noncontrolling interests 124,808   99,102 Total shareholders’ equity 2,391,514   2,075,835 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 6,275,755   $ 5,423,279 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. F-4 Table of Contents Federal Realty Investment Trust Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands, except per share data) REVENUE           Rental income $ 841,461   $ 786,583   $ 727,812 Other property income 12,825   11,015   11,810 Mortgage interest income 3,062   3,993   4,390 Total revenue 857,348   801,591   744,012 EXPENSES           Rental expenses 164,890   158,326   147,593 Real estate taxes 107,839   95,286   85,824 General and administrative 36,281   33,399   35,645 Depreciation and amortization 216,050   193,585   174,796 Total operating expenses 525,060   480,596   443,858 OPERATING INCOME 332,288   320,995   300,154 Other interest income 475   374   149 Interest expense (100,125 )   (94,994 )   (92,553 ) Early extinguishment of debt (12,273 )   —   (19,072 ) (Loss) income from real estate partnerships (417 )   50   1,416 INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 219,948   226,425   190,094 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net 77,922   32,458   28,330 NET INCOME 297,870   258,883   218,424 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,956 )   (8,973 )   (8,205 ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE TRUST 289,914   249,910   210,219 Dividends on preferred shares (2,458 )   (541 )   (541 ) NET INCOME AVAILABLE FOR COMMON SHAREHOLDERS $ 287,456   $ 249,369   $ 209,678 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC           Net income available for common shareholders $ 3.97   $ 3.51   $ 3.04 Weighted average number of common shares, basic 72,117   70,877   68,797 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, DILUTED           Net income available for common shareholders $ 3.97   $ 3.50   $ 3.03 Weighted average number of common shares, diluted 72,233   71,049   68,981             NET INCOME $ 297,870   $ 258,883   $ 218,424 Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in value of interest rate swaps 2,599   1,533   (595 ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 300,469   260,416   217,829 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,956 )   (8,973 )   (8,205 ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE TRUST $ 292,513   $ 251,443   $ 209,624 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. F-5 Table of Contents Federal Realty Investment Trust Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity   Shareholders’ Equity of the Trust           Preferred Shares   Common Shares   Additional Paid-in Capital                                                                                                                                 Accumulated Dividends in Excess of Net Income   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)   Noncontrolling Interests   Total Shareholders' Equity   Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount             (In thousands, except share data) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 399,896   $ 9,997   68,605,783   $ 687   $ 2,281,223   $ (683,991 )   $ (3,515 )   $ 88,155   1,692,556 Net income, excluding $3,423 attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   210,219   —   4,782   215,001 Other comprehensive loss - change in value of interest rate swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   (595 )   —   (595 ) Dividends declared to common shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (250,388 )   —   —   (250,388 ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (541 )   —   —   (541 ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (5,269 )   (5,269 ) Common shares issued —   —   813,548   8   108,537   —   —   —   108,545 Exercise of stock options —   —   29,940   —   1,991   —   —   —   1,991 Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan —   —   16,524   —   2,296   —   —   —   2,296 Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures —   —   52,213   1   12,073   —   —   —   12,074 Shares withheld for employee taxes —   —   (64,227 )     (9,211 )   —   —   —   (9,211 ) Redemption of OP units —   —   39,611   —   4,072   —   —   (4,223 )   (151 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   34,737   34,737 Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   (19,114 )   —   —   —   (19,114 ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2015 399,896 9,997   69,493,392   696   2,381,867   (724,701 )   (4,110 )   118,182   1,781,931 Net income, excluding $2,713 attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   249,910   —   6,260   256,170 Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   1,533   —   1,533 Dividends declared to common shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (274,402 )   —   —   (274,402 ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (541 )   —   —   (541 ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (7,546 )   (7,546 ) Common shares issued —   —   2,156,671   21   324,170   —   —   —   324,191 Exercise of stock options —   —   55,365   1   4,541   —   —   —   4,542 Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan —   —   15,619   —   2,387   —   —   —   2,387 Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures —   —   134,913   2   11,225   —   —   —   11,227 Shares withheld for employee taxes —   —   (30,671 )   —   (4,451 )   —   —   —   (4,451 ) Conversion and redemption of OP units —   —   170,608   2   18,677   —   —   (18,679 )   — Contributions from noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   885   885 Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   (20,091 )   —   —   —   (20,091 ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2016 399,896   $ 9,997   71,995,897   $ 722   $ 2,718,325   $ (749,734 )   $ (2,577 )   $ 99,102   $ 2,075,835 January 1, 2017 adoption of new accounting standard - See Note 2                 83   (83 )           — Net income, excluding $3,874 attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   289,914   —   4,082   293,996 Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   2,599   —   2,599 Dividends declared to common shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (287,006 )   —   —   (287,006 ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders —   —   —   —   —   (2,458 )   —   —   (2,458 ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (5,560 )   (5,560 ) Common shares issued, net —   —   826,592   8   108,240   —   —   —   108,248 Preferred shares issued, net 6,000   150,000   —   —   (5,035 )   —   —   —   144,965 Exercise of stock options —   —   152,634   2   9,977   —   —   —   9,979 Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan —   —   17,911   —   2,373   —   —   —   2,373 Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures —   —   107,522   1   12,370   —   —   —   12,371 Shares withheld for employee taxes —   —   (29,709 )   —   (4,229 )   —   —   —   (4,229 ) Conversion and redemption of OP units —   —   20,030   —   2,569   —   —   (2,569 )   — Contributions from noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   35,331   35,331 Purchase of noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   42   —   —   (5,578 )   (5,536 ) Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   10,606   —   $ —   —   10,606 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2017 405,896   $ 159,997   73,090,877   $ 733   $ 2,855,321   $ (749,367 )   $ 22   $ 124,808   $ 2,391,514 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. F-6 Table of Contents Federal Realty Investment Trust Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES       Net income $ 297,870   $ 258,883   $ 218,424 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization 216,050   193,585   174,796 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net (77,922 )   (32,458 )   (28,330 ) Early extinguishment of debt 12,273   —   19,072 Loss (income) from real estate partnerships 417   (50 )   (1,416 ) Other, net (2,674 )   474   (29 ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and dispositions:           Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable, net 2,059   1,868   (9,200 ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets (3,346 )   (3,753 )   (6,695 ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 14,242   7,159   (1,305 ) Increase (decrease) in security deposits and other liabilities 208   (2,003 )   3,729 Net cash provided by operating activities 459,177   423,705   369,046 INVESTING ACTIVITIES           Acquisition of real estate (436,652 )   (142,958 )   (154,313 ) Capital expenditures - development and redevelopment (441,984 )   (379,720 )   (236,437 ) Capital expenditures - other (76,952 )   (57,560 )   (46,096 ) Proceeds from sale of real estate and real estate partnership interests 136,055   —   97,422 Investment in real estate partnerships (696 )   (7,220 )   (2,802 ) Distribution from real estate partnership in excess of earnings 1,729   3,910   512 Leasing costs (16,656 )   (18,299 )   (22,382 ) (Issuance) repayment of mortgage and other notes receivable, net (1,646 )   11,626   10,333 Net cash used in investing activities (836,802 )   (590,221 )   (353,763 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES           Net borrowings (repayment) under revolving credit facility, net of costs 41,000   (56,916 )   53,500 Issuance of senior notes, net of costs 572,134   241,795   456,151 Redemption and retirement of senior notes (161,930 )   —   (219,228 ) Repayment of mortgages, capital leases, and notes payable (56,328 )   (49,559 )   (181,315 ) Issuance of common shares, net of costs 118,583   329,103   110,855 Issuance of preferred shares, net of costs 144,991   —   — Dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders (282,995 )   (267,694 )   (243,314 ) Shares withheld for employee taxes (4,229 )   (4,451 )   (9,211 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 13,449   662   — Distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests (15,230 )   (24,102 )   (9,626 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 369,445   168,838   (42,188 ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (8,180 )   2,322   (26,905 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 23,368   21,046   47,951 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 15,188   $ 23,368   $ 21,046 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. F-7 Table of Contents Federal Realty Investment Trust Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015   NOTE 1—BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION Federal Realty Investment Trust (the “Trust”) is an equity real estate investment trust (“REIT”) specializing in the ownership, management, and redevelopment of retail and mixed-use properties. Our properties are located primarily in densely populated and affluent communities in strategically selected metropolitan markets in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the United States, California, and South Florida. As of  December 31, 2017 , we owned or had a majority interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties which are operated as  104  predominantly retail real estate projects. We operate in a manner intended to enable us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. A REIT that distributes at least  90%  of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. NOTE  2 —SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of Consolidation Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Trust, its corporate subsidiaries, and all entities in which the Trust has a controlling interest or has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (“VIE”). The equity interests of other investors are reflected as noncontrolling interests or redeemable noncontrolling interests. All significant intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. We account for our interests in joint ventures, which we do not control, using the equity method of accounting. Certain 2016 and 2015 amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, referred to as “GAAP,” requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses. These estimates are prepared using management’s best judgment, after considering past, current and expected events and economic conditions. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Our leases with tenants are classified as operating leases. Substantially all such leases contain fixed escalations which occur at specified times during the term of the lease. Base rents are recognized on a straight-line basis from when the tenant controls the space through the term of the related lease, net of valuation adjustments, based on management’s assessment of credit, collection and other business risk. Percentage rents, which represent additional rents based upon the level of sales achieved by certain tenants, are recognized at the end of the lease year or earlier if we have determined the required sales level is achieved and the percentage rents are collectible. Real estate tax and other cost reimbursements are recognized on an accrual basis over the periods in which the related expenditures are incurred. For a tenant to terminate its lease agreement prior to the end of the agreed term, we may require that they pay a fee to cancel the lease agreement. Lease termination fees for which the tenant has relinquished control of the space are generally recognized on the termination date. When a lease is terminated early but the tenant continues to control the space under a modified lease agreement, the lease termination fee is generally recognized evenly over the remaining term of the modified lease agreement. We make estimates of the collectability of our accounts receivable related to minimum rents, straight-line rents, expense reimbursements and other revenue. Accounts receivable is carried net of this allowance for doubtful accounts. Our determination as to the collectability of accounts receivable and correspondingly, the adequacy of this allowance, is based primarily upon evaluations of individual receivables, current economic conditions, historical experience and other relevant factors. The allowance for doubtful accounts is increased or decreased through bad debt expense. Accounts receivable are written-off when they are deemed to be uncollectible and we are no longer actively pursuing collection. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , our allowance for doubtful accounts was  $11.8 million  and  $11.9 million , respectively. In some cases, primarily relating to straight-line rents, the collection of accounts receivable extends beyond  one  year. Our experience relative to unbilled straight-line rents is that a portion of the amounts otherwise recognizable as revenue is never billed to or collected from tenants due to early lease terminations, lease modifications, bankruptcies and other factors. Accordingly, the extended collection period for straight-line rents along with our evaluation of tenant credit risk may result in  F-8 Table of Contents the nonrecognition of a portion of straight-line rental income until the collection of such income is reasonably assured. If our evaluation of tenant credit risk changes indicating more straight-line revenue is reasonably collectible than previously estimated and realized, the additional straight-line rental income is recognized as revenue. If our evaluation of tenant credit risk changes indicating a portion of realized straight-line rental income is no longer collectible, a reserve and bad debt expense is recorded. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , accounts receivable include approximately  $93.1 million  and  $80.6 million , respectively, related to straight-line rents. We are currently under construction on  221  condominium units at our Assembly Row and Pike & Rose properties. Gains or losses on the sale of these condominium units are recognized in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360-20, “Property, Plant and Equipment – Real Estate Sales.” We account for contracted condominium sales under the percentage-of completion method, based on an evaluation of the criteria specified in ASC Topic 360-20 including: the legal commitment of the purchaser in the real estate contract, whether the construction of the project is beyond a preliminary phase, whether sufficient units have been contracted to ensure the project will not revert to a rental project, the ability to reasonably estimate the aggregate project sale proceeds and aggregate project costs, and the determination that the buyer has made an adequate initial and continuing cash investment under the contract. When the percentage-of-completion criteria have not been met, no profit is recognized. The application of these criteria can be complex and requires us to make assumptions. See "Recent Accounting Pronouncements," for discussion of change in timing of revenue recognition with the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on January 1, 2018. Real Estate Land, buildings and improvements are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives range generally from  35  years to a maximum of  50  years on buildings and major improvements. Minor improvements, furniture and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over useful lives ranging from  2  to  20  years. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the useful lives of the related assets are charged to operations as incurred. Tenant improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the related lease or their estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the undepreciated balance of any tenant improvements are written off if they are replaced or have no future value. In  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , real estate depreciation expense was  $193.3 million ,  $173.2 million  and  $156.5 million , respectively, including amounts from real estate sold and assets under capital lease obligations. Sales of real estate are recognized only when sufficient down payments have been obtained, possession and other attributes of ownership have been transferred to the buyer and we have no significant continuing involvement. The application of these criteria can be complex and requires us to make assumptions. We believe these criteria were met for all real estate sold during the periods presented. Our methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on estimated fair values, replacement cost and/or appraised values. When we acquire operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land, building, improvements, leasing costs, intangibles such as in-place leases, assumed debt, if any, and to current assets and liabilities acquired, if any. The value allocated to in-place leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as rental income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We consider qualitative and quantitative factors in evaluating the likelihood of a tenant exercising a below market renewal option and include such renewal options in the calculation of in-place lease value when we consider these to be bargain renewal options. If the value of below market lease intangibles includes renewal option periods, we include such renewal periods in the amortization period utilized. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any in-place lease value is written off to rental income. Transaction costs related to asset acquisitions, such as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. The acquisition of an operating shopping center typically qualifies as an asset acquisition. See "Recent Accounting Pronouncements" for further discussion.  When applicable, as lessee, we classify our leases of land and building as operating or capital leases. We are required to use judgment and make estimates in determining the lease term, the estimated economic life of the property and the interest rate to be used in determining whether or not the lease meets the qualification of a capital lease and is recorded as an asset. We capitalize certain costs related to the development and redevelopment of real estate including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, construction costs and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved. Additionally, we capitalize interest costs related to development and redevelopment activities. Capitalization of these costs begin when the activities and related expenditures commence and cease when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use at which time the project is placed in service and depreciation commences. Additionally, we make estimates as to the  F-9 Table of Contents probability of certain development and redevelopment projects being completed. If we determine the development or redevelopment is no longer probable of completion, we expense all capitalized costs which are not recoverable. We review for impairment on a property by property basis. Impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount at which time the property is written-down to fair value. Properties held for sale are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or the expected sales price less costs to sell. Cash and Cash Equivalents We define cash and cash equivalents as cash on hand, demand deposits with financial institutions and short term liquid investments with an initial maturity, when purchased, under  three  months. Cash balances in individual banks may exceed the federally insured limit by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”). At  December 31, 2017 , we had  $19.6 million  in excess of the FDIC insured limit. Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets Prepaid expenses and other assets consist primarily of lease costs, prepaid property taxes and acquired above market leases. Capitalized lease costs are direct costs incurred which were essential to originate a lease and would not have been incurred had the leasing transaction not taken place and include third party commissions and salaries and related costs of personnel directly related to time spent obtaining a lease. Capitalized lease costs are amortized over the life of the related lease. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any previously capitalized lease costs are written off.  Debt Issuance Costs Costs related to the issuance of debt instruments are deferred and are amortized as interest expense over the estimated life of the related issue using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. If a debt instrument is paid off prior to its original maturity date, the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs are written off to interest expense or, if significant, included in “early extinguishment of debt.”  Debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility are classified as an asset and are included in "prepaid expenses and other assets" in our consolidated balance sheets. All other debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. Derivative Instruments At times, we may use derivative instruments to manage exposure to variable interest rate risk. We generally enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to variable interest rate risk and treasury locks to manage the risk of interest rates rising prior to the issuance of debt. We enter into derivative instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges and do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We assess effectiveness of our cash flow hedges both at inception and on an ongoing basis. The effective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is subsequently reclassified into interest expense as interest is incurred on the related variable rate debt; within the next twelve months, we expect to reclassify less than an estimated  $0.1 million  as an increase to interest expense. Our cash flow hedges become ineffective if critical terms of the hedging instrument and the debt instrument do not perfectly match such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation period and LIBOR rate.  In addition, we evaluate the default risk of the counterparty by monitoring the credit worthiness of the counterparty. When ineffectiveness exists, the ineffective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recognized in earnings in the period affected. Hedge ineffectiveness did not impact earnings in  2017 ,  2016  or  2015 , and we do not anticipate it will have a significant effect in the future.   See Note  6  for additional disclosures relating to our  two  existing interest rate swap agreements.  Mortgage Notes Receivable We have made certain mortgage loans that, because of their nature, qualify as loan receivables. At the time the loans were made, we did not intend for the arrangement to be anything other than a financing and did not contemplate a real estate investment. We evaluate each investment to determine whether the loan arrangement qualifies as a loan, joint venture or real estate investment and the appropriate accounting thereon. Such determination affects our balance sheet classification of these investments and the recognition of interest income derived therefrom. We receive additional interest, however, we never receive in excess of  50%  of the residual profit in the project, and because the borrower has either a substantial investment in the  F-10 Table of Contents project or has guaranteed all or a portion of our loan (or a combination thereof), the loans qualify for loan accounting. The amounts under these arrangements are presented as mortgage notes receivable at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Mortgage notes receivable are recorded at cost, net of any valuation adjustments. Interest income is accrued as earned. Mortgage notes receivable are considered past due based on the contractual terms of the note agreement. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the collectability of each mortgage note receivable based on various factors which may include payment history, expected fair value of the collateral securing the loan, internal and external credit information and/or economic trends. A loan is considered impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the existing contractual terms. When a loan is considered impaired, the amount of the loss accrual is calculated by comparing the carrying amount of the mortgage note receivable to the present value of expected future cash flows. Since our loans are collateralized by a first mortgage, the loans have risk characteristics similar to the risks in owning commercial real estate. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , we had  two  mortgage notes receivable, with aggregate carrying amounts of  $30.4 million  and  $29.9 million , respectively, with a weighted average interest rate of  10.0%  and  9.9% , respectively, which were secured by first mortgages on retail buildings. Share Based Compensation We grant share based compensation awards to employees and trustees typically in the form of restricted common shares, common shares, and options. We measure share based compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the award and recognize the expense ratably over the requisite service period, which is typically the vesting period. See Note  12  for further discussion regarding our share based compensation plans and policies. Effective January 1, 2017, we adopted ASU 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation," which impacts accounting for forfeitures and the classification for shares withheld for employee taxes on the Statement of Cash Flows. See "Recent Accounting Pronouncements" for further discussion. Variable Interest Entities Certain entities that do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties or in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest qualify as VIEs. VIEs are required to be consolidated by their primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We have  17  entities that meet the criteria of a VIE in which we hold a variable interest. For each of these entities we control the significant operating decisions and consequently have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entities. As we also have the obligation to absorb the majority of the losses and/or the right to receive a majority of the benefits for each of these entities, all are consolidated in our financial statements. Net real estate assets and mortgage payables related to variable interest entities included in our consolidated balance sheets were approximately  $1.4 billion  and  $460.4 million , respectively, as of  December 31, 2017 , and  $1.0 billion  and  $439.1 million , respectively, as of December 31,  2016 . In addition, our equity method investments in the Pike & Rose hotel joint venture and the La Alameda shopping center are also considered variable interests in a VIE. As we do not control the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the joint ventures, we are not the primary beneficiary and do not consolidate. As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016  our investment in the joint ventures and maximum exposure to loss was  $23.9 million  and  $13.5 million , respectively. We have also evaluated our mortgage notes receivable investments and determined that the entities obligated under the mortgage notes are not VIEs. Our equity method investments and mortgage notes receivable balances are presented separately in our consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests We have certain noncontrolling interests that are redeemable for cash upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely in our control and therefore are classified outside of permanent equity. We adjust the carrying amounts of these noncontrolling interests that are currently redeemable to redemption value at the balance sheet date.  Adjustments to the carrying amount to reflect changes in redemption value are recorded as adjustments to additional paid-in capital in shareholders' equity. These amounts are classified within the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets.   F-11 Table of Contents The following table provides a rollforward of the redeemable noncontrolling interests:   Year Ended   December 31,   2017   2016   (In thousands) Beginning balance $ 143,694   $ 137,316 Contributions 11,109   — Net income 3,874   2,713 Distributions & Redemptions (6,914 )   (16,426 ) Change in redemption value (10,606 )   20,091 Ending balance $ 141,157   $ 143,694 On  January 12, 2017 , we exercised our purchase option on non-controlling interests in San Antonio Center for  $2.6 million  of cash and  44,195  of downREIT operating partnership units. On  February 12, 2016 , we acquired the  10%  noncontrolling interest in the partnership that owns our Hollywood Blvd project for  $13.0 million , bringing our ownership interest to  100% . Income Taxes We operate in a manner intended to enable us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. A REIT that distributes at least  90%  of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. Therefore, federal income taxes on our taxable income have been and are generally expected to be immaterial. We are obligated to pay state taxes, generally consisting of franchise or gross receipts taxes in certain states. Such state taxes also have not been material. We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries, which we refer to as a TRS. In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes. Our TRS activities have not been material. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local tax examinations by tax authorities for years before  2013 . As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , we had  no  material unrecognized tax benefits. While we currently have  no  material unrecognized tax benefits, as a policy, we recognize penalties and interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. Segment Information Our primary business is the ownership, management, and redevelopment of retail and mixed-use properties. We review operating and financial information for each property on an individual basis and therefore, each property represents an individual operating segment. We evaluate financial performance using property operating income, which consists of rental income, other property income and mortgage interest income, less rental expenses and real estate taxes.  No  individual property constitutes more than  10% of our revenues or property operating income  and we have no operations outside of the United States of America. Therefore, we have aggregated our properties into  one  reportable segment as the properties share similar long-term economic characteristics and have other similarities including the fact that they are operated using consistent business strategies, are typically located in major metropolitan areas, and have similar tenant mixes. F-12 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements Standard   Description   Date of Adoption   Effect on the financial statements or significant matters Recently adopted:                           ASU 2016-09, March 2016,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   This ASU simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including a policy election option with respect to accounting for forfeitures either as they occur or estimating forfeitures (as was previously required), as well as increasing the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on equity awards. Additionally, it requires the cash paid to a taxing authority when shares are withheld to pay employee taxes to be classified as a "financing activity" rather than an "operating activity," as was done previously on the Statement of Cash Flows.   January 2017   The adoption of this standard resulted in accounting for forfeitures as they occur, and we have recorded the cumulative impact on the adoption date as a $0.1 million adjustment to additional paid-in capital and accumulated dividends in excess of net income. The amounts reclassified from "operating activities" to "financing activities" for shares withheld for employee taxes was $4.5 million and $9.2 million, respectively, for 2016 and 2015.                ASU 2017-01, January 2017,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business   This ASU changes the definition of a business to exclude acquisitions where substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. Given this change in definition, we believe most of our shopping center acquisitions will no longer be considered business combinations, but rather asset acquisitions.    January 2017   The largest impact of this standard is that transaction costs are capitalized for asset acquisitions rather than expensed when they are considered business combinations.  Based on acquisitions in the last several years, transaction costs for a single shopping center acquisition have typically ranged from $0.2 million to $2.4 million with significantly higher transaction costs expected for an acquisition of a larger portfolio. We are applying the new guidance prospectively. Our acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2017 (further discussed in Note 3) qualified as asset acquisitions and consequently, all transaction costs were capitalized after the adoption date.               Adopted Subsequent to December 31, 2017:                       ASU 2016-15, August 2016,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   This ASU provides classification guidance for eight specific topics including debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, and distributions received from equity method investees.   January 2018   This standard will require classification changes, however, it is not expected to have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.               ASU 2016-18, November 2016,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 203) - Restricted Cash   This ASU requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or cash equivalents. Amounts generally described as restricted cash and equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and end of period total amounts on the statement of cash flows.   January 2018   This standard will require reclassification of certain restricted cash amounts on the consolidated statement of cash flows, but is not expected to have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements. F-13 Table of Contents Standard   Description   Date of Adoption   Effect on the financial statements or significant matters Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and related updates:     ASU 2014-09, May       2014,  Revenue from     Contracts with     Customers     ASU 2015-14,     August 2015,     Revenue from     Contracts with     Customers: Deferral        of the Effective Date     ASU 2016-08 ,     March 2016 ,     Revenue from     Contracts with     Customers:     Principal versus     Agent    Considerations     ASU 2016-10 ,  April     2016 , Revenue from     Contracts with     Customers:     Identifying      Performance     Obligations and     Licensing     ASU 2016-12 ,  May     2016 , Revenue from     Contracts with     Customers:     Narrow-Scope     Improvements and         Practical Expedients     ASU 2016-20 ,     December 2016,      Revenue from      Contracts with     Customers:     Technical     Corrections and     Improvements       In May 2014, the the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." ASU 2014-09 as amended and interpreted by ASU 2015-14, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10, ASU 2016-12, and ASU 2016-20, supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP and replaces it with a core revenue recognition principle, that an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services, and creates a five-step model for revenue recognition in accordance with this principle. ASU 2014-09 also requires new disclosures in both interim and annual reporting periods. The guidance in ASU 2014-09 does not apply to contracts within the scope of ASC 840, Leases.  ASU 2016-08 clarifies how to identify the unit of accounting for the principal versus agent evaluation, how to apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements, such as service transactions, and reframed the indicators in the guidance to focus on evidence that an entity is acting as a principal rather than as an agent.  ASU 2016-10 clarifies the existing guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation.  ASU 2016-12 adds practical expedients related to the transition for contract modifications and further defines a completed contract, clarifies the objective of the collectability assessment and how revenue is recognized if collectability is not probable, and when non-cash considerations should be measured.  ASU 2016-20 corrects or improves guidance in thirteen narrowly focused aspects of the guidance. The standard allows for either "full retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented, or "modified retrospective" adoption, meaning the cumulative impact of applying the standard is recognized in accumulated dividends in excess of net income on the date of application.   January 2018   Currently, gains on contracted condominium sales are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method, with the gain recognized once certain criteria have been met in advance of legal closing (see further discussion in the "Revenue Recognition" section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements). Under the new guidance, condominium sale gains will be recognized as the condominium units are legally sold, which will typically be upon closing. The reversal of the gain will be recognized through equity, and will be reflected in accumulated dividends in excess of net income. Most of our revenue is accounted for under the leasing standard, and therefore is not subject to this standard. With the exception of condominium sales, the adoption of the standard will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. We will implement the new revenue recognition guidance retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized in accumulated dividends in excess of net income at the date of initial application.                F-14 Table of Contents Standard   Description   Date of Adoption   Effect on the financial statements or significant matters ASU 2017-05, February 2017,  Other Income - Gains and Losses from the Recognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets   This ASU clarifies that ASC 610-20 applies to all nonfinancial assets (including real estate) for which the counterparty is not a customer and also clarifies that all businesses are derecognized using the deconsolidation guidance. Additionally, it defines an insubstance nonfinancial asset as a financial asset that is promised to a counterparty in a contract in which substantially all of the fair value of the assets promised in the contract is concentrated in nonfinancial assets, which excludes cash or cash equivalents and liabilities. Under the current guidance, a partial sale is recognized and carryover basis is used for the retained interest, however, the new guidance eliminates the use of carryover basis and generally requires a full gain to be recognized for prospective disposals of nonfinancial assets.   January 2018   The new guidance is expected to impact the gain recognized when a real estate asset is sold to a non-customer and a noncontrolling interest is retained. Based on our historical transactions, this standard is not expected to have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.               ASU 2017-09, May 2017,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accoutning   The ASU clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must be accounted for as modifications. Under the new guidance, an entity will not apply modification accounting if the awards' fair value, vesting conditions, and the classification of the award as equity or a liability are the same immediately before and after the change. The new guidance is applied prospectively to awards granted or modified after the adoption date.   January 2018   This standard is not expected to have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.               Not Yet Adopted:                       ASU 2016-02, February 2016,  Leases (Topic 842)   This ASU significantly changes the accounting for leases by requiring lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for leases greater than 12 months on their balance sheet. The lessor model stays substantially the same; however, there were modifications to conform lessor accounting with the lessee model, eliminate real estate specific guidance, further define certain lease and non-lease components, and change the definition of initial direct costs of leases requiring significantly more leasing related costs to be expensed upfront.   January 2019   We are currently assessing the impact of this standard to our consolidated financial statements.               ASU 2016-13, June 2016,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)   This ASU changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments, requiring the use of an "expected credit loss" model and adding more disclosure requirements.   January 2020   We are currently assessing the impact of this standard to our consolidated financial statements. F-15 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows—Supplemental Disclosures The following table provides supplemental disclosures related to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES:           Total interest costs incurred $ 125,684   $ 113,016   $ 110,675 Interest capitalized (25,559 )   (18,022 )   (18,122 ) Interest expense $ 100,125   $ 94,994   $ 92,553 Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized $ 105,201   $ 90,185   $ 116,335 Cash paid for income taxes $ 352   $ 296   $ 274 NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS:           Mortgage loans refinanced $ 166,823   $ —   $ — Mortgage loans assumed with acquisition $ 79,401   $ 34,385   $ 89,516 DownREIT operating partnership units issued with acquisition $ 5,918   $ —   $ 7,742 DownREIT operating partnership units redeemed for common shares $ 2,569   $ 18,679   $ 4,114 Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan $ 2,017   $ 2,017   $ 1,977 Capitalized lease costs are direct costs incurred which were essential to originate a lease and would not have been incurred had the leasing transaction not taken place. These costs include third party commissions and salaries and personnel costs related to obtaining a lease. Capitalized lease costs are amortized over the initial term of the related lease which generally ranges from  three  to  ten  years. We view these lease costs as part of the up-front initial investment we made in order to generate a long-term cash inflow and therefore, we classify cash outflows related to leasing costs as an investing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. NOTE  3 —REAL ESTATE A summary of our real estate investments and related encumbrances is as follows:     Cost   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Encumbrances     (In thousands) December 31, 2017             Retail and mixed-use properties   $ 7,500,929   $ (1,821,046 )   $ 470,720 Retail properties under capital leases   123,346   (46,140 )   71,556 Residential   10,786   (9,358 )   20,785     $ 7,635,061   $ (1,876,544 )   $ 563,061 December 31, 2016             Retail and mixed-use properties   $ 6,621,170   $ (1,677,938 )   $ 449,896 Retail properties under capital leases   127,359   (42,308 )   71,590 Residential   10,544   (8,988 )   21,221     $ 6,759,073   $ (1,729,234 )   $ 542,707 Retail and mixed-use properties includes the residential portion of Assembly Row, Bethesda Row, Chelsea Commons, Congressional Plaza, Pike & Rose, Santana Row, and Towson Residential (Flats @ 703). The residential property investment is our investment in Rollingwood Apartments. 2017 Property Acquisitions and Dispositions On  February 1, 2017 , we acquired a leasehold interest in Hastings Ranch Plaza, a  274,000  square foot shopping center in Pasadena, California for  $29.5 million . The land is subject to a long-term ground lease that expires on April 30, 2054. Approximately  $21.5 million  of assets acquired were allocated to lease intangibles and included within other assets. Approximately  $15.2 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to lease liabilities and included in other liabilities.  F-16 Table of Contents On  March 31, 2017 , we acquired the fee interest in Riverpoint Center, a  211,000  square foot shopping center in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois for  $107.0 million . Approximately  $1.0 million  and  $12.3 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "above market leases," and other liabilities for "below market leases," respectively. We leased  three  parcels of land at our Assembly Row property to  two  ground lessees. Both lessees exercised purchase options under the related ground leases. The sale transaction related to the purchase option on one of our ground leases was completed on  April 4, 2017  for a sales price of  $36.0 million . On  June 28, 2017 , the sale transactions related to the purchase options on our other two ground lease parcels were completed for a total sales price of  $17.3 million . The net gain recognized in connection with these transactions was approximately  $15.4 million . At  December 31, 2016 , the total cost basis of the related land was  $33.9 million  and is included in "assets held for sale" on our consolidated balance sheet. On  May 19, 2017 , we acquired the fee interest in a  71,000  square foot, mixed-use property located in Berkeley, California based on a gross value of  $23.9 million . The acquisition was completed through a newly formed entity for which we own a  90%  controlling interest. Approximately  $0.8 million  and  $0.3 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "above market leases" and other liabilities for "below market leases," respectively, and approximately  $2.4 million  was allocated to noncontrolling interests. On  August 2, 2017 , we acquired an approximately  90%  interest in a joint venture that owns  six  shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California based on a gross value of  $357 million , including the assumption of  $79.4 million  of mortgage debt. Approximately  $7.8 million  of assets acquired were allocated to lease intangibles and included within other assets, approximately  $36.2 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to lease liabilities and included in other liabilities, and approximately  $30.6 million  was allocated to noncontrolling interests. That joint venture also acquired a  24.5%  interest in La Alameda, a shopping center in Walnut Park, California for  $19.8 million . The property has  $41.0 million  of mortgage debt, of which the joint venture's share is approximately  $10 million . Additional information on the properties is listed below: Property   City/State   GLA           (in square feet)   Azalea   South Gate, CA   222,000   Bell Gardens   Bell Gardens, CA   330,000   La Alameda   Walnut Park, CA   245,000   Olivo at Mission Hills (1)   Mission Hills, CA   155,000   Plaza Del Sol   South El Monte, CA   48,000   Plaza Pacoima   Pacoima, CA   204,000   Sylmar Towne Center   Sylmar, CA   148,000           1,352,000               (1) Property is currently being redeveloped. GLA reflects approximate square footage once the property is open and operating. The following unaudited pro forma financial data includes the total revenues, operating expenses (including approximately  $11.5 million  and  $11.4 million  of depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively), and interest expense/financing costs related to the properties acquired on  August 2, 2017  as if they had occurred on January 1, 2016. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual results of income would have been, nor does it represent the results of income for future periods.     Year Ended December 31,     2017   2016     (in millions) (unaudited)           Total revenue   $ 872.9   $ 826.6 Net income available for common shareholders   284.6   244.3 On  August 25, 2017 , we sold our property located at 150 Post Street in San Francisco, California for a sales price of  $69.3 million , resulting in a gain of  $45.2 million . On  September 25, 2017 , we sold our North Lake Commons property in Lake Zurich, Illinois for a sales price of  $15.6 million , resulting in a gain of  $4.9 million . On  December 28, 2017 , we sold a parcel of land at our Bethesda Row property in Bethesda, Maryland for a sales price of  $8.5 million , resulting in a gain of  $6.5 million .  F-17 Table of Contents For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , we recognized a  $5.4 million  gain, net of  $1.4 million  of income taxes, related to the sale of condominiums at our Assembly Row property based on the percentage-of-completion method. In connection with recording the gain, we recognized a receivable of  $67.1 million  as of  December 31, 2017 . The closing of the Assembly Row condominium sales is expected to commence in 2018.   As of  December 31, 2017 , no gain has been recognized for contracted condominium sales at Pike & Rose, as not all of the criteria necessary for profit recognition have been met. 2016 Property Acquisitions and Disposition On   January 13, 2016 , we acquired our partner's   70%   interest in our joint venture arrangement (the "Partnership") with affiliates of a discretionary fund created and advised by Clarion Partners ("Clarion") for   $153.7 million , which included the payment of   $130.0 million   of cash and the assumption of mortgage loans totaling   $34.4 million . As a result of the transaction, we gained control of the   six  underlying properties, and effective January 13, 2016, have consolidated the properties. We also recognized a gain on acquisition of the controlling interest of  $25.7 million  related to the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the previously held equity interest. Approximately  $7.3 million  and  $4.9 million  of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "above market leases," and other liabilities for "below market leases," respectively. We incurred  $0.2 million  of acquisition costs, of which  $0.1 million  were incurred in 2016, and included in "general and administrative expenses" on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in  2016  and  2015 . On  May 12, 2016 , an unconsolidated joint venture that we hold an interest in sold a building in Coconut Grove, Florida. Our share of the gain, net of noncontrolling interests, was  $0.5 million . On  July 26, 2016 , we acquired an additional building in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami, Florida for  $5.9 million  through our CocoWalk LLC entity. We incurred  $0.2 million  in acquisition costs which are included in "general and administrative expenses" in  2016 . On  November 7, 2016 , we acquired a building adjacent to our Barcroft Plaza property for  $5.3 million , and incurred  $0.1 million  of acquisition costs which are included in "general and administrative expenses" in  2016 .  NOTE 4—ACQUIRED IN-PLACE LEASES Acquired lease assets are included in prepaid expenses and other assets and comprise above market leases where we are the lessor and below market leases where we are the lessee. Acquired lease liabilities are included in other liabilities and deferred credits and comprise below market leases where we are the lessor and above market leases where we are the lessee. The following is a summary of our acquired lease assets and liabilities:   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   Cost   Accumulated Amortization   Cost   Accumulated Amortization   (in thousands) Above market leases, lessor $ 52,393   $ (31,406 )   $ 45,327   $ (28,085 ) Below market leases, lessee 34,604   (1,705 )   13,237   (924 )     Total $ 86,997   $ (33,111 )   $ 58,564   $ (29,009 )                 Below market leases, lessor $ (193,085 )   $ 56,716   $ (138,253 )   $ 48,928 Above market leases, lessee (9,084 )   560   (2,796 )   271     Total $ (202,169 )   $ 57,276   $ (141,049 )   $ 49,199 F-18 Table of Contents The value allocated to in-place leases where we are the lessor is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as additional rental income for below market leases or a reduction of rental income for above market leases in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The related amortization of in-place leases where we are the lessee is reflected as additional rental expense for below market leases or a reduction of rental expenses for above market leases in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following is a summary of acquired lease amortization:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (in thousands) Amortization of above market leases, lessor $ (6,005 )   $ (6,726 )   $ (4,425 ) Amortization of below market leases, lessor 10,726   8,551   7,130     Net increase in rental income $ 4,721   $ 1,825   $ 2,705             Amortization of below market leases, lessee $ 781   $ 255   $ 255 Amortization of above market leases, lessee (290 )   (135 )   (135 )     Net increase in rental expense $ 491   $ 120   $ 120 The following is a summary of the remaining weighted average amortization period for our acquired lease assets and acquired lease liabilities:     December 31, 2017       Above market leases, lessor   4.7 years Below market leases, lessee   41.6 years Below market leases, lessor   19.8 years Above market leases, lessee   16.9 years The amortization for acquired in-place leases during the next five years and thereafter, assuming no early lease terminations, is as follows:     Acquired Lease Assets   Acquired Lease Liabilities     (In thousands) Year ending December 31,         2018   $ 5,810   $ 9,990 2019   3,829   9,488 2020   3,182   8,494 2021   2,804   7,869 2022   2,381   7,484 Thereafter   35,880   101,568     $ 53,886   $ 144,893 F-19 Table of Contents NOTE 5—DEBT The following is a summary of our total debt outstanding as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 :       Principal Balance as of December 31,   Stated Interest Rate as of   Stated Maturity Date as of Description of Debt     2017   2016   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2017 Mortgages payable     (Dollars in thousands)         The Grove at Shrewsbury (West)     $ 10,545   $ 10,792   6.38 %   March 1, 2018 Rollingwood Apartments     20,820   21,283   5.54 %   May 1, 2019 The Shops at Sunset Place     66,603   68,634   5.62 %   September 1, 2020 29th Place     4,341   4,553   5.91 %   January 31, 2021 Sylmar Towne Center     17,362   —   5.39 %   June 6, 2021 Plaza Del Sol     8,579   —   5.23 %   December 1, 2021 THE AVENUE at White Marsh     52,705   52,705   3.35 %   January 1, 2022 Montrose Crossing     71,054   72,726   4.20 %   January 10, 2022 Azalea     40,000   —   3.73 %   November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens     13,184   —   4.06 %   August 1, 2026 Plaza El Segundo     125,000   175,000   3.83 %   June 5, 2027 The Grove at Shrewsbury (East)     43,600   42,536   3.77 %   September 1, 2027 Brook 35     11,500   11,500   4.65 %   July 1, 2029 Chelsea     6,268   6,576   5.36 %   January 15, 2031 Subtotal     491,561   466,305         Net unamortized premium and debt issuance costs     (56 )   4,812         Total mortgages payable     491,505   471,117         Notes payable                   Term loan     275,000   275,000   LIBOR + 0.90%   November 21, 2018 Revolving credit facility     41,000   —   LIBOR + 0.825%   April 20, 2020 Various     4,819   5,247   11.31 %   Various through 2028 Subtotal     320,819   280,247         Net unamortized debt issuance costs     (554 )   (1,096 )         Total notes payable     320,265   279,151         Senior notes and debentures                   5.90% notes     —   150,000   5.90 %   April 1, 2020 2.55% notes     250,000   250,000   2.55 %   January 15, 2021 3.00% notes     250,000   250,000   3.00 %   August 1, 2022 2.75% notes     275,000   275,000   2.75 %   June 1, 2023 3.95% notes     300,000   300,000   3.95 %   January 15, 2024 7.48% debentures     29,200   29,200   7.48 %   August 15, 2026 3.25% notes     475,000   —   3.25 %   July 15, 2027 6.82% medium term notes     40,000   40,000   6.82 %   August 1, 2027 4.50% notes     550,000   450,000   4.50 %   December 1, 2044 3.625% notes     250,000   250,000   3.625 %   August 1, 2046 Subtotal     2,419,200   1,994,200         Net unamortized discount and debt issuance costs     (17,760 )   (17,606 )         Total senior notes and debentures     2,401,440   1,976,594         Capital lease obligations                   Various     71,556   71,590   Various   Various through 2106 Total debt and capital lease obligations     $ 3,284,766   $ 2,798,452         On  June 5, 2017  we refinanced the  $175.0 million  mortgage loan on Plaza El Segundo at a face amount of  $125.0 million  and repaid the remaining  $50.0 million  at par. The new mortgage loan bears interest at  3.83%  and matures on  June 5, 2027 .  On  June 23, 2017 , we issued  $400.0 million  aggregate principal amount of fixed rate senior unsecured notes in two separate series. We issued  $300.0 million  of  3.25%  notes that mature on  July 15, 2027 , which were offered at  99.083%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  3.358% . Additionally, we issued  $100.0 million  of  4.50%  notes due  December 1, 2044 . The  4.50%  notes were offered at  105.760%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  4.143% , and have the same terms and are of the same series as the senior notes first issued on  November 14, 2014 . Our net proceeds from the June note offering after net issuance premium, underwriting fees and other costs was approximately  $399.5 million . F-20 Table of Contents In connection with the acquisition of  six  shopping centers in Los Angeles County, California on  August 2, 2017  (as further discussed in Note 3), we assumed mortgage loans with a face amount of  $79.4 million  and a fair value of  $80.1 million . The mortgage loans are secured by the individual properties with the following contractual terms:     Principal   Stated Interest Rate   Maturity Date     (in millions)         Sylmar Towne Center   $ 17.5   5.39 %   June 6, 2021 Plaza Del Sol   8.6   5.23 %   December 1, 2021 Azalea   40.0   3.73 %   November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens   13.3   4.06 %   August 1, 2026 On  August 31, 2017 , we refinanced the  $41.8 million  mortgage loan on The Grove at Shrewsbury (East) at a face amount of  $43.6 million . The new mortgage loan bears interest at  3.77%  and matures on  September 1, 2027 . On  December 21, 2017 , we issued  $175.0 million  aggregate principal amount of  3.25%  senior unsecured notes due  July 15, 2027 . The notes have the same terms and are of the same series as the  $300.0 million  senior notes issued on  June 23, 2017 . The notes were offered at  99.404%  of the principal amount, with a yield to maturity of  3.323% . Our net proceeds from the December note offering after issuance discount, underwriting fees and other costs were approximately  $172.5 million . The proceeds were used on  December 31, 2017  to repay our  $150.0 million   5.90%  notes prior to the original maturity date of  April 1, 2020 . The redemption price of  $164.1 million  included a make-whole premium of  $11.9 million  and accrued but unpaid interest of  $2.2 million . The make-whole premium is included in "early extinguishment of debt" in 2017. During  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , the maximum amount of borrowings outstanding under our  $800.0 million  revolving credit facility was  $344.0 million ,  $251.5 million  and  $324.0 million , respectively. The weighted average amount of borrowings outstanding was  $147.5 million ,  $77.3 million  and  $109.7 million , respectively, and the weighted average interest rate, before amortization of debt fees, was  1.9% ,  1.3%  and  1.1% , respectively. The revolving credit facility requires an annual facility fee of  $1.0 million . At  December 31, 2017 , our revolving credit facility had  $41.0 million  outstanding, and had  no  balance outstanding at  December 31, 2016 . Our revolving credit facility, term loan, and certain notes require us to comply with various financial covenants, including the maintenance of minimum shareholders’ equity and debt coverage ratios and a maximum ratio of debt to net worth. As of  December 31, 2017 , we were in compliance with all default related debt covenants. Scheduled principal payments on mortgages payable, notes payable, senior notes and debentures as of  December 31, 2017  are as follows:   Mortgages Payable     Notes Payable     Senior Notes and Debentures   Total Principal       (In thousands)     Year ending December 31,                       2018 $ 16,228      $ 275,506 (1)   $ —   $ 291,734      2019 25,820     563     —   26,383      2020 65,539     41,624 (2)   —   107,163      2021 30,541      694     250,000   281,235      2022 117,018      771      250,000   367,789      Thereafter 236,415      1,661      1,919,200   2,157,276        $ 491,561      $ 320,819      $ 2,419,200   $ 3,231,580   (3)  _____________________ (1) Our  $275.0 million  unsecured term loan matures on  November 21, 2018 , subject to a  one -year extension at our option. (2) Our  $800.0 million  revolving credit facility matures on  April 20, 2020 , subject to two  six -month extensions at our option. As of  December 31, 2017 , there was  $41.0 million  outstanding under this credit facility. (3) The total debt maturities differ from the total reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of  December 31, 2017  due to the unamortized premium/(discount) and debt issuance costs on mortgage loans, notes payable, and senior notes. F-21 Table of Contents Future minimum lease payments and their present value for property under capital leases as of  December 31, 2017 , are as follows:         (In thousands) Year ending December 31,   2018 $ 5,800 2019 5,800 2020 5,800 2021 5,800 2022 5,810 Thereafter 142,425   171,435 Less amount representing interest (99,879 ) Present value $ 71,556 NOTE  6 —FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS A fair value measurement is based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in an orderly transaction. The hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value are as follows: 1. Level 1 Inputs—quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 2. Level 2 Inputs—observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities 3. Level 3 Inputs—prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Except as disclosed below, the carrying amount of our financial instruments approximates their fair value. The fair value of our mortgages payable, notes payable and senior notes and debentures is sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. Quoted market prices (Level 1) were used to estimate the fair value of our marketable senior notes and debentures and discounted cash flow analysis (Level 2) is generally used to estimate the fair value of our mortgages and notes payable. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. The estimates of fair value presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. A summary of the carrying amount and fair value of our mortgages payable, notes payable and senior notes and debentures is as follows:   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Carrying Value   Fair Value   Carrying Value   Fair Value (In thousands) Mortgages and notes payable $ 811,770   $ 824,419   $ 750,268   $ 760,260 Senior notes and debentures $ 2,401,440   $ 2,498,445   $ 1,976,594   $ 2,015,973 As of  December 31, 2017 , we have  two  interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount of  $275.0 million  that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  The interest rate swap agreements fix the variable portion of our  $275.0 million  term loan at  1.72%  through  November 1, 2018 . The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements are based on the estimated amounts we would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date and are determined using interest rate pricing models and interest rate related observable inputs.  The fair value of our swaps at  December 31, 2017  was an asset of less than $0.1 million  and is included in "prepaid expenses and other assets" on our consolidated balance sheets, and at  December 31, 2016  was a liability of  $2.6 million , and is included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses." The value of our interest rate swaps increased  $2.6 million  and  $1.5 million  (including  $1.8 million  and  $3.5 million  respectively, reclassified from other comprehensive income/(loss) to earnings) for  2017  and  2016 , respectively. These changes in value are included in  F-22 Table of Contents "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)." A summary of our financial assets/(liabilities) that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, by level within the fair value hierarchy is as follows:   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   (In thousands) Interest rate swaps $ —   $ 22   $ —   $ 22   $ —   $ (2,577 )   $ —   $ (2,577 ) NOTE 7—COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES We are sometimes involved in lawsuits, warranty claims, and environmental matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Management makes assumptions and estimates concerning the likelihood and amount of any potential loss relating to these matters. We are currently a party to various legal proceedings. We accrue a liability for litigation if an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If an unfavorable outcome is probable and a reasonable estimate of the loss is a range, we accrue the best estimate within the range; however, if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum within the range is accrued. Legal fees related to litigation are expensed as incurred. Other than as described below, we do not believe that the ultimate outcome of these matters, either individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or overall trends in results of operations; however, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. Also under our leases, tenants are typically obligated to indemnify us from and against all liabilities, costs and expenses imposed upon or asserted against us (1) as owner of the properties due to certain matters relating to the operation of the properties by the tenant, and (2) where appropriate, due to certain matters relating to the ownership of the properties prior to their acquisition by us. In November 2016, we were included as a defendant in a class action lawsuit, in the circuit court for Montgomery County, Maryland, related to predatory towing by a third party company we had retained to provide towing services at several of our properties in Montgomery County, Maryland. We, individually and collectively with other members of the more than  500  property owner defendant class, have undertaken numerous legal actions to challenge property owner liability in this case, including challenging the certification of the class as a matter of law; however, all of these legal actions have been unsuccessful. Given the costs and risks of continuing litigation on this matter, we elected to participate in a settlement for which our share is approximately  $0.4 million . We expect that this settlement amount will be reimbursed by insurance. The settlement did not cover liability for certain tows that were included in the lawsuit that the defendant class believes cannot be pursued because of the statute of limitations. Accordingly, we do not believe we should have any additional liability for these remaining tows; however, if we are unsuccessful in dismissing these tows from the litigation, our liability would be approximately  $0.2 million  assuming payment on the same terms as the settlement. We are self-insured for general liability costs up to predetermined retained amounts per claim, and we believe that we maintain adequate accruals to cover our retained liability. We currently do not maintain third party stop-loss insurance policies to cover liability costs in excess of predetermined retained amounts. Our accrual for self-insurance liability is determined by management and is based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Management considers a number of factors, including third-party actuarial analysis, previous experience in our portfolio, and future increases in costs of claims, when making these determinations. If our liability costs exceed these accruals, it will reduce our net income. We reserve for estimated losses, if any, associated with warranties given to a buyer at the time real estate is sold or other potential liabilities relating to that sale, taking any insurance policies into account. These warranties may extend up to  ten  years and require significant judgment. If changes in facts and circumstances indicate that warranty reserves are understated, we will accrue additional reserves at such time a liability has been incurred and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Warranty reserves are released once the legal liability period has expired or all related work has been substantially completed. During 2016, the legal liability period relating to our latent defect warranty on condominiums sold at Santana Row expired. Upon expiration, we released the remaining  $4.9 million  warranty reserve which is included in "gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests" in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended  December 31, 2016 . At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , our reserves for general liability costs were  $3.3 million  and  $2.8 million , respectively, and are included in “accounts payable and accrued expenses” in our consolidated balance sheets. Any potential losses which exceed our estimates would result in a decrease in our net income. During  2017  and  2016 , we made payments from these reserves of  $1.4 million  and  $2.0 million , respectively. Although we consider the reserve to be adequate, there can be no assurance that the reserve will prove to be adequate over-time to cover losses due to the difference between the assumptions used to estimate the reserve and actual losses. F-23 Table of Contents At  December 31, 2017 , we had letters of credit outstanding of approximately  $1.3 million . As of  December 31, 2017  in connection with capital improvement, development, and redevelopment projects, the Trust has contractual obligations of approximately  $326.6 million . We are obligated under ground lease agreements on several shopping centers requiring minimum annual payments as follows, as of  December 31, 2017 :       (In thousands) Year ending December 31,   2018 $ 4,583 2019 4,737 2020 4,749 2021 4,757 2022 4,873 Thereafter 188,132   $ 211,831 A master lease for Mercer Mall includes a fixed purchase price option for  $55 million  in  2023 . If we fail to exercise our purchase option, the owner of Mercer Mall has a put option which would require us to purchase Mercer Mall for  $60 million  in  2025 . Under the terms of the Congressional Plaza partnership agreement, a minority partner has the right to require us and the other minority partner to purchase its  26.63%  interest in Congressional Plaza at the interest’s then-current fair market value. If the other minority partner defaults in their obligation, we must purchase the full interest. Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $81 million  to  $85 million . A master lease for Melville Mall includes a fixed purchase price option in  2021  for  $5 million . If we fail to exercise our purchase option, the owner of Melville Mall has a put option which would require us to purchase Melville Mall in  2023  for  $5 million .  The other member in Montrose Crossing has the right to require us to purchase all of its  10.1%  interest in Montrose Crossing at the interest's then-current fair market value. If the other member fails to exercise its put option, we have the right to purchase its interest on or after December 27, 2021 at fair market value. Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $12 million  to  $13 million . Two  of the members in Plaza El Segundo have the right to require us to purchase their  10.0%  and  11.8%  ownership interests at the interests' then-current fair market value. If the members fail to exercise their put options, we have the right to purchase each of their interests on or after December 30, 2026 at fair market value. Based on management’s current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately  $26 million  to  $29 million .  Effective  January 1, 2017 , the other member in The Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 has the right to require us to purchase all of its approximately  4.8%  interest in The Grove at Shrewsbury and approximately  8.8%  interest in Brook 35 at the interests' then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of  December 31, 2017 , our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from  $9 million  to  $10 million .  Under the terms of certain partnership agreements, the partners have the right to exchange their operating partnership units for cash or the same number of our common shares, at our option. A total of  787,962  downREIT operating partnership units are outstanding which have a total fair value of  $104.6 million , based on our closing stock price on  December 31, 2017 . NOTE 8—SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY We have a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the “Plan”), whereby shareholders may use their dividends and optional cash payments to purchase shares. In  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  17,911  shares,  15,619  shares and  16,524  shares, respectively, were issued under the Plan. On  September 29, 2017 , we issued  6,000,000  Depository Shares, each representing 1/1000th interest of  5.0%  Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share, par value  $0.01  per share ("Series C Preferred Shares"), at the liquidation preference of  $25.00  per depository share (or  $25,000  per Series C Preferred share) in an underwritten public offering. The Series C  F-24 Table of Contents Preferred Shares accrue dividends at a rate of  5.0%  of the  $25,000  liquidation preference per year and are redeemable at our option on or after  September 29, 2022 . Additionally, they are not convertible and holders of these shares generally have no voting rights, unless we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarters. The net proceeds after underwriting fees and other costs were approximately  $145.0 million .  As of  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , we had  399,896  shares of  5.417%  Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares (“Series 1 Preferred Shares”) outstanding that have a liquidation preference of  $25  per share and par value  $0.01  per share. The Series 1 Preferred Shares accrue dividends at a rate of  5.417%  per year and are convertible at any time by the holders to our common shares at a conversion rate of  $104.69  per share. The Series 1 Preferred Shares are also convertible under certain circumstances at our election. The holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares have no voting rights. On November 4, 2016, we replaced our existing at-the-market (“ATM”) equity program with a new ATM equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to  $400.0 million . We intend to use the net proceeds to fund potential acquisition opportunities, fund our development and redevelopment pipeline, repay amounts of outstanding under our revolving credit facility and/or for general corporate purposes. For the  year  ended  December 31, 2017 , we issued  826,517  common shares at a weighted average price per share of  $132.56  for net cash proceeds of  $108.3 million  and paid  $1.1 million  in commissions and  $0.2 million  in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. For the  year  ended  December 31, 2016 , we issued  1,156,571  common shares at a weighted average price per share of  $152.92  for net cash proceeds of  $174.8 million  and paid  $1.8 million  in commissions and  $0.2 million  in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. As of  December 31, 2017 , we had the capacity to issue up to  $261.3 million  in common shares under our ATM equity program. NOTE 9—DIVIDENDS The following table provides a summary of dividends declared and paid per share:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   Declared   Paid   Declared   Paid   Declared   Paid Common shares $ 3.960   $ 3.940   $ 3.840   $ 3.800   $ 3.620   $ 3.550 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred shares $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.354 5.0% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred shares (1) $ 0.368   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —                         (1) Amount represents dividends per depository share, each representing 1/1000th of a share. A summary of the income tax status of dividends per share paid is as follows:     Year Ended December 31, 2017   2016   2015 Common shares           Ordinary dividend $ 3.940   $ 3.800   $ 3.515 Capital gain —   —   0.035   $ 3.940   $ 3.800   $ 3.550 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred shares           Ordinary dividend $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.340 Capital gain —   —   0.014   $ 1.354   $ 1.354   $ 1.354 On  November 1, 2017 , the Trustees declared a quarterly cash dividend of  $1.00  per common share, payable  January 16, 2018  to common shareholders of record on  January 2, 2018 . F-25 Table of Contents NOTE 10—OPERATING LEASES At  December 31, 2017 , our  104  predominantly retail shopping center and mixed-use properties are located in  12  states and the District of Columbia. There are approximately  3,000  leases with tenants providing a wide range of retail products and services. These tenants range from sole proprietorships to national retailers; no one tenant or corporate group of tenants accounts for more than  2.9%  of annualized base rent. Our leases with commercial property and residential tenants are classified as operating leases. Commercial property leases generally range from  three  to  ten  years (certain leases with anchor tenants may be longer), and in addition to minimum rents, may provide for percentage rents based on the tenant’s level of sales achieved and cost recoveries for the tenant’s share of certain operating costs. Leases on apartments are generally for a period of  1 year  or less. As of  December 31, 2017 , minimum future commercial property rentals from noncancelable operating leases, before any reserve for uncollectible amounts and assuming no early lease terminations, at our operating properties are as follows:       (In thousands) Year ending December 31,   2018 $ 593,461 2019 537,822 2020 474,369 2021 401,869 2022 328,302 Thereafter 1,402,509   $ 3,738,332 NOTE 11—COMPONENTS OF RENTAL INCOME AND EXPENSE The principal components of rental income are as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands) Minimum rents           Retail and commercial $ 585,178   $ 549,552   $ 509,825 Residential 55,416   49,465   42,797 Cost reimbursement 171,528   158,042   148,110 Percentage rent 11,148   10,977   11,911 Other 18,191   18,547   15,169 Total rental income $ 841,461   $ 786,583   $ 727,812 Minimum rents include the following:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In millions) Straight-line rents $ 12.9   $ 8.1   $ 7.6 Net amortization of above and below market leases $ 4.7   $ 1.8   $ 2.7 F-26 Table of Contents The principal components of rental expenses are as follows:   Year Ended December 31, 2017   2016   2015 (In thousands) Repairs and maintenance $ 67,996   $ 64,942   $ 62,420 Utilities 25,763   24,968   23,003 Management fees and costs 22,297   20,823   18,639 Payroll 14,922   13,832   12,673 Marketing 9,007   8,520   9,046 Insurance 7,762   7,758   7,875 Ground rent 3,826   2,561   2,540 Bad debt expense 2,591   2,375   1,168 Other operating 10,726   12,547   10,229 Total rental expenses $ 164,890   $ 158,326   $ 147,593 NOTE  12 —SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS A summary of share-based compensation expense included in net income is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands)           Grants of common shares and options $ 12,371   $ 11,227   $ 12,074 Capitalized share-based compensation (1,385 )   (1,310 )   (868 ) Share-based compensation expense $ 10,986   $ 9,917   $ 11,206 As of  December 31, 2017 , we have grants outstanding under  two  share-based compensation plans. In May 2010, our shareholders approved the 2010 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2010 Plan”), which authorized the grant of share options, common shares and other share-based awards for up to  2,450,000  common shares of beneficial interest. Our 2001 Long Term Incentive Plan (the “2001 Plan”), which expired in May 2010, authorized the grant of share options, common shares and other share-based awards of  3,250,000  common shares of beneficial interest.  Option awards under both plans are required to have an exercise price at least equal to the closing trading price of our common shares on the date of grant. Options and restricted share awards under these plans generally vest over  three  to  seven  years and option awards typically have a  ten -year contractual term. We pay dividends on unvested shares. Certain options and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control. Additionally, the vesting on certain option and share awards can accelerate in part or in full upon retirement based on the age of the retiree or upon termination without cause. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. Expected volatilities, term, dividend yields, employee exercises and estimated forfeitures are primarily based on historical data. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The fair value of each share award is determined based on the closing trading price of our common shares on the grant date.  No  options were granted in  2017  and  2015 .   The following table provides a summary of the weighted-average assumption used to value options granted in  2016 : Volatility   18.8 % Expected dividend yield   2.8 % Expected term (in years)   6.0 Risk free interest rate   1.5 % F-27 Table of Contents The following table provides a summary of option activity for  2017 :     Shares Under Option   Weighted- Average Exercise Price   Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term   Aggregate Intrinsic Value           (In years)   (In thousands) Outstanding at December 31, 2016 259,119   $ 56.66         Granted —   —         Exercised (152,634 )   65.37         Forfeited or expired —   —         Outstanding at December 31, 2017 106,485   $ 44.18   1.2   $ 9,451 Exercisable at December 31, 2017 105,939   $ 43.62   1.1   $ 9,451 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted in 2016 was  $19.52  per share. The total cash received from options exercised during  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  was  $10.0 million ,  $4.5 million  and  $2.0 million , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  was  $10.7 million ,  $4.2 million  and  $2.1 million , respectively. The following table provides a summary of restricted share activity for  2017 :   Shares   Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Unvested at December 31, 2016 217,353   $ 142.70 Granted 109,815   139.31 Vested (87,704 )   131.55 Forfeited (2,293 )   142.09 Unvested at December 31, 2017 237,171   The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock awarded in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  was  $139.31 ,  $152.70  and  $141.08 , respectively. The total vesting-date fair value of shares vested during the year ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , was  $12.5 million ,  $13.8 million  and  $26.1 million , respectively. As of  December 31, 2017 , there was  $17.6 million  of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements (i.e. options and unvested shares) granted under our plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over the next  6.4 years  with a weighted-average period of  2.2 years . Subsequent to  December 31, 2017 , common shares were awarded under various compensation plans as follows: Date    Award    Vesting Term    Beneficiary January 2, 2018    5,416 Shares    Immediate    Trustees February 7, 2018    92,552 Restricted shares    3-4 years    Officers and key employees February 7, 2018   488 Options   5 years   Officers and key employees NOTE 13—SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS We have a savings and retirement plan in accordance with the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Code. Generally, employees can elect, at their discretion, to contribute a portion of their compensation up to a maximum of  $18,000  for  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 . Under the plan, we contribute  50%  of each employee’s elective deferrals up to  5%  of eligible earnings. In addition, we may make discretionary contributions within the limits of deductibility set forth by the Code. Our full-time employees are immediately eligible to become plan participants. Employees are eligible to receive matching contributions immediately on their participation; however, these matching payments will not vest until their third anniversary of employment. Our expense for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  was approximately  $632,000 ,  $602,000  and  $504,000 , respectively. A non-qualified deferred compensation plan for our officers and certain other employees was established in 1994 that allows the participants to defer a portion of their income. As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , we are liable to participants for approximately  $12.8 million  and  $10.5 million , respectively, under this plan. Although this is an unfunded plan, we have purchased certain investments to match this obligation. Our obligation under this plan and the related investments are both included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. F-28 Table of Contents NOTE 14—EARNINGS PER SHARE  We have calculated earnings per share (“EPS”) under the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation methodology whereby EPS for each class of common stock and participating securities is calculated according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. For  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015  we had  0.2 million  weighted average unvested shares outstanding, which are considered participating securities. Therefore, we have allocated our earnings for basic and diluted EPS between common shares and unvested shares; the portion of earnings allocated to the unvested shares is reflected as “earnings allocated to unvested shares” in the reconciliation below. In the dilutive EPS calculation, dilutive stock options were calculated using the treasury stock method consistent with prior periods. There were  682  anti-dilutive stock options in  2017 , and  no  anti-dilutive stock options in  2016  or  2015 . The conversions of downREIT operating partnership units and  5.417%  Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares are anti-dilutive for all periods presented and accordingly, have been excluded from the weighted average common shares used to compute diluted EPS.   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   (In thousands, except per share data) NUMERATOR           Income from continuing operations $ 219,948   $ 226,425   $ 190,094 Less: Preferred share dividends (2,458 )   (541 )   (541 ) Less: Income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests (7,666 )   (7,648 )   (8,205 ) Less: Earnings allocated to unvested shares (942 )   (702 )   (797 ) Income from continuing operations available for common shareholders 208,882   217,534   180,551 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net 77,632   31,133   28,330 Net income available for common shareholders, basic and diluted $ 286,514   $ 248,667   $ 208,881 DENOMINATOR           Weighted average common shares outstanding—basic 72,117   70,877   68,797 Effect of dilutive securities:           Stock options 116   172   184 Weighted average common shares outstanding—diluted 72,233   71,049   68,981             EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC           Net income available for common shareholders $ 3.97   $ 3.51   $ 3.04 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, DILUTED           Net income available for common shareholders $ 3.97   $ 3.50   $ 3.03 Income from continuing operations attributable to the Trust $ 212,282   $ 218,777   $ 181,889 F-29 Table of Contents NOTE 15—SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) Summarized quarterly financial data is as follows:   First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter   (In thousands, except per share data) 2017               Revenue $ 207,389   $ 208,049   $ 217,953   $ 223,957 Operating income $ 81,544   $ 83,090   $ 84,497   $ 83,157 Net income(1) $ 58,070   $ 78,133   $ 108,882   $ 52,785 Net income attributable to the Trust(1) $ 56,190   $ 76,291   $ 106,777   $ 50,656 Net income available for common shareholders(1) $ 56,055   $ 76,156   $ 106,600   $ 48,645 Earnings per common share—basic(1) $ 0.78   $ 1.05   $ 1.47   $ 0.67 Earnings per common share—diluted(1) $ 0.78   $ 1.05   $ 1.47   $ 0.67   First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter   (In thousands, except per share data) 2016               Revenue $ 198,344   $ 197,981   $ 201,157   $ 204,109 Operating income $ 76,922   $ 80,135   $ 80,461   $ 83,477 Net income(2) $ 79,063   $ 58,898   $ 61,198   $ 59,724 Net income attributable to the Trust(2) $ 76,955   $ 55,941   $ 58,977   $ 58,037 Net income available for common shareholders(2) $ 76,820   $ 55,806   $ 58,841   $ 57,902 Earnings per common share—basic(2) $ 1.10   $ 0.79   $ 0.82   $ 0.81 Earnings per common share—diluted(2) $ 1.10   $ 0.78   $ 0.82   $ 0.80   (1) Second quarter 2017 includes a  $15.4 million  gain related to the sale of  three  ground lease parcels at our Assembly Row property in Somerville, Massachusetts. Third quarter 2017 includes a  $50.8 million  gain on sale of real estate from our 150 Post Street and North Lake Commons properties. Fourth quarter 2017 includes a  $6.5 million  gain related to the sale of a parcel of land at our Bethesda Row property. Additionally, second, third, and fourth quarter 2017 include net percentage-of-completion gains of  $3.3 million ,  $0.6 million , and  $1.5 million , respectively, related to condominiums under binding contract at our Assembly Row property. All of these transactions are further discussed in Note 3. Fourth quarter 2017 includes a  $12.3 million  early extinguishment of debt charge as further discussed in Note 5. (2)  First quarter 2016 includes a  $25.7 million  gain on change in control of interests from our Clarion Partners acquisition as further discussed in Note 3. Third quarter 2016 includes a  $4.9 million  gain on sale from the reversal of our warranty reserve on condominiums sold at Santana Row as further discussed in Note 7.  F-30 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   29TH PLACE (Virginia)   VA   $ 4,312   $ 10,211   $ 18,863   $ 11,973   $ 10,195   $ 30,852   $ 41,047   $ 12,144   1975 - 2001   5/30/2007   35 years ANDORRA (Pennsylvania)   PA     2,432   12,346   11,161   2,432   23,507   25,939   19,028   1953   1/12/1988   35 years ASSEMBLY ROW/ASSEMBLY SQUARE MARKETPLACE (Massachusetts)   MA     93,252   34,196   564,077   69,421   622,104   691,525   43,659   2005, 2012-2017   2005-2013   35 years ATLANTIC PLAZA (Massachusetts)   MA     6,293   17,109   2,325   6,293   19,434   25,727   1,863   1960   1/13/2016   35 years AZALEA (California)   CA   39,609   40,219   67,117   4   40,219   67,121   107,340   1,049   2014   8/2/2017   35 years BALA CYNWYD (Pennsylvania)   PA     3,565   14,466   23,443   2,581   38,893   41,474   20,299   1955   9/22/1993   35 years BARCROFT PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     12,617   29,603   3,279   12,617   32,882   45,499   2,030   1963, 1972, 1990, & 2000   1/13/16 & 11/7/16   35 years BARRACKS ROAD (Virginia)   VA     4,363   16,459   47,088   4,363   63,547   67,910   42,077   1958   12/31/1985   35 years BELL GARDENS (California)   CA   12,682   18,021   82,470   159   18,021   82,629   100,650   1,843   1990, 2003, 2006   8/2/2017   35 years BETHESDA  ROW (Maryland)   MD     46,579   35,406   144,089   43,896   182,178   226,074   73,883   1945-2008   12/31/93, 6/2/97, 1/20/06, 9/25/08, 9/30/08, & 12/27/10    35 - 50 years BRICK PLAZA (New Jersey)   NJ     —   24,715   51,757   3,945   72,527   76,472   47,932   1958   12/28/1989   35 years BRISTOL PLAZA (Connecticut)   CT     3,856   15,959   11,849   3,856   27,808   31,664   17,680   1959   9/22/1995   35 years BROOK 35 (New Jersey)   NJ   11,263   7,128   38,355   2,043   7,128   40,398   47,526   5,494   1986/2004   1/1/2014   35 years CAMPUS PLAZA (Massachusetts)   MA     16,710   13,412   429   16,710   13,841   30,551   1,243   1970   1/13/2016   35 years CHELSEA COMMONS (Massachusetts)   MA   6,037   9,417   19,466   14,015   9,396   33,502   42,898   8,509   1962/1969/2008   8/25/06, 1/30/07, & 7/16/08   35 years F-31 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   COCOWALK (Florida)   FL     35,063   71,476   9,881   34,406   82,014   116,420   6,536   1990/1994, 1922-1973   5/4/15, 7/1/15, 12/16/15, 7/26/16, 6/30/17, & 8/10/17   35 years COLORADO BLVD (California)   CA     5,262   4,071   10,184   5,262   14,255   19,517   10,678   1905-1988   12/31/96 & 8/14/98   35 years CONGRESSIONAL PLAZA (Maryland)   MD     2,793   7,424   92,104   1,020   101,301   102,321   53,731   1965/2003   4/1/1965   35 years COURTHOUSE CENTER (Maryland)   MD     1,750   1,869   1,532   1,750   3,401   5,151   1,923   1975   12/17/1997   35 years CROSSROADS (Illinois)   IL     4,635   11,611   16,882   4,635   28,493   33,128   16,494   1959   7/19/1993   35 years CROW CANYON COMMONS (California)   CA     27,245   54,575   8,525   27,245   63,100   90,345   21,704   Late 1970's/ 1998/2006   12/29/05 & 2/28/07   35 years DARIEN (Connecticut)   CT     29,809   18,302   1,862   29,809   20,164   49,973   3,075   1920-2009   4/3/2013   35 years DEDHAM PLAZA (Massachusetts)   MA     14,841   12,918   13,317   14,841   26,235   41,076   15,380   1959   12/31/93 & 12/14/16   35 years DEL MAR VILLAGE (Florida)   FL     15,624   41,712   8,057   15,587   49,806   65,393   20,432   1982/1994/2007   5/30/08, 7/11/08, & 10/14/14   35 years EAST BAY BRIDGE (California)   CA     29,079   138,035   11,772   29,079   149,807   178,886   25,229   1994-2001, 2011/2012   12/21/2012   35 years EASTGATE CROSSING (North Carolina)   NC     1,608   5,775   26,981   1,608   32,756   34,364   19,622   1963   12/18/1986   35 years ELLISBURG (New Jersey)   NJ     4,028   11,309   19,211   4,013   30,535   34,548   20,099   1959   10/16/1992   35 years ESCONDIDO PROMENADE (California)   CA     19,117   15,829   14,530   19,117   30,359   49,476   16,037   1987   12/31/96 & 11/10/10   35 years FALLS PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     1,798   1,270   10,943   1,819   12,192   14,011   8,664   1960/1962   9/30/67 & 10/05/72   25 years FEDERAL PLAZA (Maryland)   MD     10,216   17,895   41,769   10,216   59,664   69,880   42,794   1970   6/29/1989   35 years FINLEY SQUARE (Illinois)   IL     9,252   9,544   19,604   9,252   29,148   38,400   19,836   1974   4/27/1995   35 years FLOURTOWN (Pennsylvania)   PA     1,345   3,943   11,666   1,345   15,609   16,954   5,981   1957   4/25/1980   35 years FOURTH STREET (California)   CA     13,928   9,909   39   13,928   9,948   23,876   248   1948,1975   5/19/2017   35 years F-32 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   FREE STATE SHOPPING CENTER (Maryland)   MD     18,581   41,658   4,538   18,581   46,196   64,777   3,741   1970   1/13/2016   35 years FRESH MEADOWS (New York)   NY     24,625   25,255   40,395   24,633   65,642   90,275   37,948   1946-1949   12/5/1997   35 years FRIENDSHIP CENTER (District of Columbia)   DC     12,696   20,803   4,616   12,696   25,419   38,115   11,917   1998   9/21/2001   35 years GAITHERSBURG SQUARE (Maryland)   MD     7,701   5,271   14,468   5,973   21,467   27,440   17,830   1966   4/22/1993   35 years GARDEN MARKET (Illinois)   IL     2,677   4,829   6,909   2,677   11,738   14,415   7,569   1958   7/28/1994   35 years GOVERNOR PLAZA (Maryland)   MD     2,068   4,905   20,319   2,068   25,224   27,292   20,241   1963   10/1/1985   35 years GRAHAM PARK PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     1,237   15,096   18,874   1,169   34,038   35,207   28,053   1971   7/21/1983   35 years GRATIOT PLAZA (Michigan)   MI     525   1,601   17,702   525   19,303   19,828   17,270   1964   3/29/1973   25.75 years GREENLAWN PLAZA (New York)   NY     10,590   20,869   245   10,590   21,114   31,704   1,756   1975/2004   1/13/2016   35 years GREENWICH AVENUE (Connecticut)   CT     7,484   5,444   1,199   7,484   6,643   14,127   4,170   1968   4/12/1995   35 years HASTINGS RANCH PLAZA (California)   CA     —   22,393   236   —   22,629   22,629   699   1958, 1984, 2006, 2007   2/1/2017   35 years HAUPPAUGE (New York)   NY     8,791   15,262   5,018   8,419   20,652   29,071   11,724   1963   8/6/1998   35 years HERMOSA AVENUE (California)   CA     1,116   280   4,648   1,368   4,676   6,044   3,298   1922   9/17/1997   35 years HOLLYWOOD BLVD (California)   CA     8,300   16,920   21,719   8,370   38,569   46,939   14,755   1929/1991   3/22/99 & 6/18/99   35 years HUNTINGTON (New York)   NY     12,194   16,008   19,144   12,194   35,152   47,346   15,825   1962   12/12/88, 10/26/07, & 11/24/15   35 years HUNTINGTON SQUARE (New York)   NY     —   10,075   2,106   —   12,181   12,181   3,317   1980/2004-2007   8/16/2010   35 years IDYLWOOD PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     4,308   10,026   2,579   4,308   12,605   16,913   8,928   1991   4/15/1994   35 years KINGS COURT (California)   CA     —   10,714   954   —   11,668   11,668   8,776   1960   8/24/1998   26 years LANCASTER (Pennsylvania)   PA   4,907   —   2,103   12,010   75   14,038   14,113   8,212   1958   4/24/1980   22 years LANGHORNE SQUARE (Pennsylvania)   PA     720   2,974   18,432   720   21,406   22,126   15,170   1966   1/31/1985   35 years F-33 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   LAUREL (Maryland)   MD     7,458   22,525   27,344   7,464   49,863   57,327   37,461   1956   8/15/1986   35 years LAWRENCE PARK (Pennsylvania)   PA     6,150   8,491   20,524   6,161   29,004   35,165   24,693   1972   7/23/1980 & 4/3/17   22 years LEESBURG PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     8,184   10,722   17,582   8,184   28,304   36,488   14,689   1967   9/15/1998   35 years LINDEN SQUARE (Massachusetts)   MA     79,382   19,247   50,074   79,347   69,356   148,703   22,208   1960-2008   8/24/2006   35 years MELVILLE MALL (New York)   NY     35,622   32,882   20,096   35,622   52,978   88,600   12,458   1974   10/16/2006   35 years MERCER MALL (New Jersey)   NJ   55,548   29,738   51,047   45,957   29,738   97,004   126,742   41,330   1975   10/14/03 & 1/31/17   25 - 35 years MONTROSE CROSSING (Maryland)   MD   71,054   48,624   91,819   19,678   48,624   111,497   160,121   24,840   1960s, 1970s, 1996 & 2011   12/27/11 & 12/19/13   35 years MOUNT VERNON/SOUTH VALLEY/7770 RICHMOND HWY. (Virginia)   VA     10,068   33,501   41,132   10,230   74,471   84,701   34,011   1966/1972/1987/2001   3/31/03, 3/21/03, & 1/27/06   35 years NORTH DARTMOUTH (Massachusetts)   MA     9,366   —   3   9,366   3   9,369   —   2004   8/24/2006   NORTHEAST (Pennsylvania)   PA     1,152   10,596   18,679   1,153   29,274   30,427   20,496   1959   8/30/1983   35 years OLD KEENE MILL (Virginia)   VA     638   998   6,212   638   7,210   7,848   5,418   1968   6/15/1976   33.33 years OLD TOWN CENTER (California)   CA     3,420   2,765   30,997   3,420   33,762   37,182   21,217   1962, 1997-1998   10/22/1997   35 years OLIVO AT MISSION HILLS (California)   CA     15,048   46,732   10,358   15,048   57,090   72,138   213   2017   8/2/2017   35 years PAN AM (Virginia)   VA     8,694   12,929   7,610   8,695   20,538   29,233   15,159   1979   2/5/1993   35 years PENTAGON ROW (Virginia)   VA     —   2,955   100,369   —   103,324   103,324   46,051   1999 - 2002   1998 & 11/22/10   35 years PERRING PLAZA (Maryland)   MD     2,800   6,461   21,836   2,800   28,297   31,097   23,112   1963   10/1/1985   35 years PIKE & ROSE (Maryland)   MD     31,471   10,335   543,484   29,903   555,387   585,290   23,148   1963, 2012-2017   5/18/82, 10/26/07, & 7/31/12   50 years PIKE 7 PLAZA (Virginia)   VA     14,970   22,799   6,929   14,914   29,784   44,698   16,745   1968   3/31/97 & 7/8/15   35 years F-34 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   PLAZA DEL MERCADO (Maryland)   MD     10,305   21,553   14,329   10,305   35,882   46,187   2,341   1969   1/13/2016   35 years PLAZA DEL SOL (California)   CA   8,746   5,605   12,331   —   5,605   12,331   17,936   212   2009   8/2/2017   35 years PLAZA EL SEGUNDO/THE POINT (California)   CA   124,151   62,127   153,556   65,337   64,463   216,557   281,020   39,623   2006/2007/2016   12/30/11, 6/14/13, 7/26/13, & 12/27/13   35 years PLAZA PACOIMA (California)   CA     38,138   12,227   —   38,138   12,227   50,365   225   2010   8/2/2017   35 years QUEEN ANNE PLAZA (Massachusetts)   MA     3,319   8,457   6,519   3,319   14,976   18,295   9,881   1967   12/23/1994   35 years QUINCE ORCHARD (Maryland)   MD     3,197   7,949   27,772   2,928   35,990   38,918   19,478   1975   4/22/1993   35 years RIVERPOINT CENTER (Illinois)   IL     15,422   104,575   82   15,422   104,657   120,079   2,626   1989, 2012   3/31/2017   35 years ROCKVILLE TOWN SQUARE (Maryland)   MD   4,455   —   8,092   43,010   —   51,102   51,102   16,823   2005 - 2007   2006 - 2007   50 years ROLLINGWOOD APTS. (Maryland)   MD   20,785   552   2,246   7,988   572   10,214   10,786   9,358   1960   1/15/1971   25 years SAM'S PARK & SHOP (District of Columbia)   DC     4,840   6,319   1,679   4,840   7,998   12,838   5,158   1930   12/1/1995   35 years SAN ANTONIO CENTER (California)   CA     39,920   32,466   1,334   39,920   33,800   73,720   4,714   1958, 1964-1965, 1974-1975, 1995-1997   1/9/2015   35 years SANTANA ROW (California)   CA     66,682   7,502   788,049   57,578   804,655   862,233   182,514   1999-2006, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2016-2017   3/5/97, 7/13/12, 9/6/12, 4/30/13 & 9/23/13   40 - 50 years SAUGUS PLAZA (Massachusetts)   MA     4,383   8,291   2,588   4,383   10,879   15,262   6,702   1976   10/1/1996   35 years SYLMAR TOWNE CENTER (California)   CA   18,010   18,522   24,636   376   18,522   25,012   43,534   389   1973   8/2/2017   35 years THE AVENUE AT WHITE MARSH (Maryland)   MD   52,489   20,682   72,432   23,014   20,685   95,443   116,128   32,066   1997   3/8/2007   35 years THE GROVE AT SHREWSBURY (New Jersey)   NJ   53,218   18,016   103,115   3,886   18,021   106,996   125,017   13,884   1988/1993/2007   1/1/2014 & 10/6/14   35 years F-35 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) COLUMN A       COLUMN B   COLUMN C       COLUMN D   COLUMN E           COLUMN F   COLUMN G   COLUMN H   COLUMN I Descriptions       Encumbrance   Initial cost to company   Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition   Gross amount at which carried at close of period   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   Date of Construction   Date Acquired   Life on  which depreciation in latest income statements is computed Land   Building and Improvements   Land   Building and Improvements   Total   THE SHOPPES AT NOTTINGHAM SQUARE (Maryland)   MD     4,441   12,849   254   4,441   13,103   17,544   4,912   2005 - 2006   3/8/2007   35 years THE SHOPS AT SUNSET PLACE (Florida)   FL   69,149   64,499   50,853   8,160   64,499   59,013   123,512   6,629   1999   10/1/2015   35 years THIRD STREET PROMENADE (California)   CA     22,645   12,709   43,309   25,125   53,538   78,663   32,281   1888-2000   1996-2000   35 years TOWER SHOPPNG CENTER (Virginia)   VA     7,170   10,518   4,240   7,280   14,648   21,928   8,738   1953-1960   8/24/1998   35 years TOWER SHOPS (Florida)   FL     29,940   43,390   24,219   29,962   67,587   97,549   15,761   1989   1/19/11 & 6/13/14   35 years TOWN CENTER OF NEW BRITAIN (Pennsylvania)   PA     1,282   12,285   1,679   1,470   13,776   15,246   5,087   1969   6/29/2006   35 years TOWSON RESIDENTIAL (FLATS @703) (Maryland) MD     2,328   —   20,048   2,328   20,048   22,376   221   2016-2017   3/8/2007   35 years TROY (New Jersey)   NJ     3,126   5,193   28,424   5,865   30,878   36,743   21,234   1966   7/23/1980   22 years TYSON'S STATION (Virginia)   VA     388   453   3,825   475   4,191   4,666   3,737   1954   1/17/1978   17 years VILLAGE AT SHIRLINGTON (Virginia)   VA   6,646   9,761   14,808   40,418   4,234   60,753   64,987   27,322   1940, 2006-2009   12/21/1995   35 years WESTGATE CENTER (California)   CA     6,319   107,284   39,726   6,319   147,010   153,329   48,562   1960-1966   3/31/2004   35 years WHITE MARSH PLAZA (Maryland)   MD     3,478   21,413   645   3,478   22,058   25,536   8,491   1987   3/8/2007   35 years WHITE MARSH OTHER (Maryland)   MD     31,953   1,843   140   31,983   1,953   33,936   811   1985   3/8/2007   35 years WILDWOOD (Maryland)   MD     9,111   1,061   10,291   9,111   11,352   20,463   8,839   1958   5/5/1969   33.33 years WILLOW GROVE (Pennsylvania)   PA     1,499   6,643   22,115   1,499   28,758   30,257   26,206   1953   11/20/1984   35 years WILLOW LAWN (Virginia)   VA     3,192   7,723   84,407   7,790   87,532   95,322   56,879   1957   12/5/1983   35 years WYNNEWOOD (Pennsylvania)   PA     8,055   13,759   21,092   8,055   34,851   42,906   23,196   1948   10/29/1996   35 years TOTALS       $ 563,061   $ 1,459,351   $ 2,425,230   $ 3,750,480   $ 1,427,777   $ 6,207,284   $ 7,635,061   $ 1,876,544             F-36 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED Three Years Ended December 31, 2017 Reconciliation of Total Cost (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2014 $ 5,608,998 Additions during period   Acquisitions 291,726 Improvements 281,471 Deduction during period—dispositions and retirements of property (117,789 ) Balance, December 31, 2015 6,064,406 Additions during period   Acquisitions 229,296 Improvements 483,932 Deduction during period—dispositions and retirements of property (18,561 ) Balance, December 31, 2016 6,759,073 Additions during period   Acquisitions 555,476 Improvements 492,541 Deduction during period—dispositions and retirements of property (172,029 ) Balance, December 31, 2017 (1) $ 7,635,061 _____________________ (1) For Federal tax purposes, the aggregate cost basis is approximately  $6.7 billion  as of  December 31, 2017 . F-37 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE III SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED Three Years Ended December 31, 2017 Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2014 $ 1,467,050 Additions during period—depreciation and amortization expense 156,513 Deductions during period—dispositions and retirements of property (49,522 ) Balance, December 31, 2015 1,574,041 Additions during period—depreciation and amortization expense 173,244 Deductions during period—dispositions and retirements of property (18,051 ) Balance, December 31, 2016 1,729,234 Additions during period—depreciation and amortization expense 193,340 Deductions during period—dispositions and retirements of property (46,030 ) Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,876,544 F-38 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE IV MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE Year Ended December 31, 2017 (Dollars in thousands) Column A   Column B   Column C   Column D   Column E   Column F   Column G   Column H   Description of Lien   Interest Rate   Maturity Date   Periodic Payment Terms   Prior Liens   Face Amount of Mortgages   Carrying Amount of Mortgages(1)   Principal Amount of Loans Subject to delinquent Principal or Interest   Mortgage on retail buildings in Philadelphia, PA   8% or 10% based on timing of draws, plus participation   May 2021   Interest only monthly; balloon payment due at maturity   $ —        $ 21,179        $ 21,179   (2)   $ —   Mortgage on retail buildings in Philadelphia, PA   10% plus participation   May 2021   Interest only monthly; balloon payment due at maturity   —        9,250        9,250        —                   $ —        $ 30,429     $ 30,429     $ —   _____________________ (1) For Federal tax purposes, the aggregate tax basis is approximately  $30.4 million  as of  December 31, 2017 . (2) This mortgage is available for up to  $25.0 million . F-39 Table of Contents FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST SCHEDULE IV MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE - CONTINUED Three Years Ended December 31, 2017 Reconciliation of Carrying Amount (in thousands)     Balance, December 31, 2014 $ 50,988 Additions during period:   Issuance of loans 368 Deductions during period:   Collection and satisfaction of loans (10,692 ) Amortization of discount 954 Balance, December 31, 2015 41,618 Deductions during period:   Collection and satisfaction of loans (11,714 ) Balance, December 31, 2016 29,904 Additions during period:   Issuance of loans 525 Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 30,429 F-40 	 
 
 
 
