
 10-K
 1
 ip10-k123117.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  _____________________________________________________  FORM 10-K (Mark One) ý   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 or ¨   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                         to                         Commission File No. 1-3157 INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) New York   13-0872805 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6400 Poplar Avenue Memphis, Tennessee (Address of principal executive offices) 38197 (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (901) 419-9000 _____________________________________________________  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class    Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $1 per share par value    New York Stock Exchange _____________________________________________________  Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  ¨     No  ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer  ý   Accelerated filer  ¨   Non-accelerated filer  ¨   Smaller reporting company  ¨   Emerging growth company  ¨         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)         If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act.  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   ¨    No  ý The aggregate market value of the Company’s outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2017) was approximately  $23,247,397,657 . The number of shares outstanding of the Company’s common stock as of  February 16, 2018  was  412,940,532 . Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant’s fiscal year in connection with registrant’s  2018  annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 1 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2017     PART I.   1       ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 1   General 1   Financial Information Concerning Industry Segments 1   Financial Information About International and U.S. Operations 1   Competition and Costs 1   Marketing and Distribution 2   Description of Principal Products 2   Sales Volumes by Product 2   Research and Development 3   Environmental Protection 3   Climate Change 3   Employees 5   Executive Officers of the Registrant 5   Raw Materials 6   Forward-looking Statements 6 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 7 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 11 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 11   Forestlands 11   Mills and Plants 11   Capital Investments and Dispositions 11 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 11 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 11       PART II.   12       ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 12 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 14 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 17   Executive Summary 17   Results of Operations 20   Description of Industry Segments 23   Industry Segment Results 24   Liquidity and Capital Resources 27   Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Accounting Estimates 31   Recent Accounting Developments 35   Legal Proceedings 35   Effect of Inflation 35   Foreign Currency Effects 35   Market Risk 35 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2017   ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 36 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 37   Report of Management on Financial Statements, Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Internal Control Environment and Board of Directors Oversight 37   Reports of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 39   Consolidated Statement of Operations 41   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 42   Consolidated Balance Sheet 43   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 44   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 45   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46   Interim Financial Results (Unaudited) 81 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 83 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 83 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 84       PART III.   84       ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 84 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 84 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 84 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 84 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 85       PART IV.   85       ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 85   Additional Financial Data 85   Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 89   SIGNATURES 90 APPENDIX I 2017 LISTING OF FACILITIES A-1 APPENDIX II 2017 CAPACITY INFORMATION A-4 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS GENERAL International Paper Company (the “Company” or “International Paper,” which may also be referred to as “we” or “us”) is a global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper products with manufacturing operations in North America, Latin America, Europe, North Africa, India and Russia. We are a New York corporation, incorporated in 1941 as the successor to the New York corporation of the same name organized in 1898. Our home page on the Internet is www.internationalpaper.com. You can learn more about us by visiting that site. In the United States, at  December 31, 2017 , the Company operated  29  pulp, paper and packaging mills,  170  converting and packaging plants,  16  recycling plants and  three  bag facilities. Production facilities at  December 31, 2017  in Canada, Europe, India, North Africa, Latin America included  16  pulp, paper and packaging mills,  47  converting and packaging plants, and  two  recycling plants.  We operate a printing and packaging products distribution business principally through  9  branches in Asia. At  December 31, 2017 , we owned or managed approximately  329,000  acres of forestland in Brazil and had, through licenses and forest management agreements, harvesting rights on government-owned forestlands in Russia. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. For management and financial reporting purposes, our businesses are separated into three segments: Industrial Packaging; Global Cellulose Fibers; and Printing Papers.  A description of these business segments can be found on pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The Company’s  50%  equity interest in Ilim Holding S.A. ("Ilim") is also a separate reportable industry segment. From 2013 through 2017, International Paper’s capital expenditures approximated  $6.8 billion , excluding mergers and acquisitions. These expenditures reflect our continuing efforts to use our capital strategically to improve product quality and environmental performance, as well as lower costs and maintain reliability of operations. Capital spending in  2017  was approximately  $1.4 billion  and is expected to be approximately  $1.5 billion  in  2018 . You can find more information about capital expenditures on page  28  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   Discussions of acquisitions can be found on page  28   of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . You can find discussions of restructuring charges and other special items on pages  22  and  23  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we “incorporate by reference” certain information in parts of other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC permits us to disclose important information by referring to it in that manner. Please refer to such information. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, along with all other reports and any amendments thereto filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our Internet Web site at  www.internationalpaper.com  as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on or connected to our Web site is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we filed with or furnished to the SEC. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING INDUSTRY SEGMENTS The financial information concerning segments is set forth in  Note 19 Financial Information by Industry Segment and Geographic Area  on pages  78   through  80   of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INTERNATIONAL AND U.S. OPERATIONS The financial information concerning international and U.S. operations and export sales is set forth in  Note 19 Financial Information by Industry Segment and Geographic Area  on page  80  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . COMPETITION AND COSTS The markets in the pulp, paper and packaging product lines are large and fragmented. The major markets, both U.S. and non-U.S., in which the Company sells its principal products are very competitive. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. We also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries and against substitutes for wood-fiber products. 1 Table of Contents Many factors influence the Company’s competitive position, including price, cost, product quality and services. You can find more information about the impact of these factors on operating profits on pages  20  through  27  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . You can find information about the Company’s manufacturing capacities on page  A-4  of  Appendix II .   MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION The Company sells products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers and paper distributors.  DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS The Company’s principal products are described on pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .  SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT Sales volumes of major products for  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows: Sales Volumes by Product (a)   In thousands of short tons (except as noted) 2017 2016 2015 Industrial Packaging       Corrugated Packaging (c) 10,413 10,392 10,284 Containerboard 3,294 3,091 3,110 Recycling 2,257 2,450 2,379 Saturated Kraft 181 182 156 Gypsum/Release Kraft 229 200 171 Bleached Kraft 27 24 23 EMEA Packaging (c) (d) 1,518 1,477 1,417 Asian Box (c) (e) — 208 426 Brazilian Packaging (c) 357 371 348 European Coated Paperboard 398 393 381 Industrial Packaging 18,674 18,788 18,695 Global Cellulose Fibers  ( in thousands of metric tons)  (b) 3,708 1,870 1,575 Printing Papers       U.S. Uncoated Papers 1,915 1,872 1,879 European and Russian Uncoated Papers 1,483 1,536 1,493 Brazilian Uncoated Papers 1,167 1,114 1,125 Indian Uncoated Papers 253 241 241 Printing Papers 4,818 4,763 4,738 (a) Includes third-party and inter-segment sales and excludes sales of equity investees. (b) Includes North American, European and Brazilian volumes and internal sales to mills. Includes sales volumes from the  pulp business acquired beginning December 1, 2016. (c) Volumes for corrugated box sales reflect consumed tons sold (CTS). Board sales by these businesses reflect invoiced tons. (d) Excludes newsprint sales volumes at Madrid, Spain mill. (e) Includes sales volumes through the date of sale on June 30, 2016. 2 Table of Contents RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The Company operates its primary research and development center in Loveland, Ohio, as well as several other product development facilities, including the Global Cellulose Fibers technology center in Federal Way, Washington. We direct research and development activities to short-term, long-term and technical assistance needs of customers and operating divisions, and to process, equipment and product innovations. Activities include product development within the operating divisions; studies on innovation and improvement of pulping, bleaching, chemical recovery, papermaking, converting and coating processes; packaging design and materials development; mechanical packaging systems, environmentally sensitive printing inks and reduction of environmental discharges; re-use of raw materials in manufacturing processes; recycling of consumer and packaging paper products; energy conservation; applications of computer controls to manufacturing operations; innovations and improvement of products; and development of various new products. Our development efforts specifically address product safety as well as the minimization of solid waste. The cost to the Company of its research and development operations was  $28 million  in  2017 ,  $20 million  in   2016 , and  $27 million  in  2015 . We own numerous patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights relating to our products and to the processes for their production. We also license intellectual property rights to and from others where advantageous or necessary. Many of the manufacturing processes are among our trade secrets. Some of our products are covered by U.S. and non-U.S. patents and are sold under well known trademarks. We derive a competitive advantage by protecting our trade secrets, patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, and by using them as required to support our businesses. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION International Paper is subject to extensive federal and state environmental regulation as well as similar regulations internationally. Our continuing objectives include: (1) controlling emissions and discharges from our facilities into the air, water and groundwater to avoid adverse impacts on the environment, and (2) maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company spent $86 million in 2017 for capital projects to control environmental releases into the air and water, and to assure environmentally sound management and disposal of waste. We expect to spend $71 million in 2018 for environmental capital projects. Capital expenditures for 2019 environmental projects are anticipated to be approximately $87 million. Capital    expenditures for 2020 environmental projects are estimated to be $73 million.  The 2017 spend included costs associated with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Boiler MACT (maximum achievable control technology) regulations that require  owners of specified boilers to meet revised air emissions standards for certain substances. Several lawsuits were filed to challenge all or portions of the Boiler MACT regulations. On December 23, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit remanded the Boiler MACT regulations to the EPA requiring the agency to revise emission standards for boiler subcategories that had been affected by flawed calculations. The Court determined that the existing MACT standards should remain in place while the revised standards are being developed, but did not establish a deadline for the EPA to complete the rulemaking.  The Company has completed its Boiler MACT capital projects to meet the existing regulations. We are not able to project any additional Boiler MACT capital project expenditures as it is uncertain to what extent the EPA will revise Boiler MACT standards that are subject to the remand.  Amendments lowering National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), fine particulate (PM2.5), and ozone have been finalized by the EPA in recent years but to date have not had a material impact on the Company. CLIMATE CHANGE In an effort to mitigate the potential climate change impacts from human activities, various international, national and sub-national (regional, state and local) governmental actions have been or may be undertaken. Presently, these efforts have not materially impacted International Paper, but such efforts may have a material impact on the Company in the future. International Efforts A successor program to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, the Paris Agreement, went into effect in November 2016 and continued international efforts and voluntary commitments toward reducing the emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs).  Consistent with this objective, participating countries aim to balance GHG emissions generation and removal in the second half of this century or, in effect, achieve net-zero global GHG emissions.    As part of the Paris Agreement, many countries, including the U.S. and EU member states, established non-binding emissions reduction targets. The U.S. non-binding commitment is for GHG emissions to be 7% below 2005 GHG emissions levels by 2020 and 26% to 28% below by 2025.  Other countries in which we do business made similar non-binding commitments. On  3 Table of Contents August 4, 2017, the U.S. filed official notice to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. Notwithstanding the notice of withdrawal by the U.S., the Company’s voluntary GHG reductions, which are set out in our annual Global  Citizenship report, remain roughly in line with the percentages of the U.S. prior target reductions. It is not clear at this time what, if any, further reductions by the Company might be required by the countries in which we operate. Due to this uncertainty, it is not possible at this time to estimate the potential impacts of these agreements on the Company. To assist member countries in meeting obligations under the Kyoto Protocol, the EU established and continues to operate an Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). Currently, we have two sites directly subject to regulation under Phase III of the EU ETS, one in Poland and one in France. Other sites that we operate in the EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through purchased power pricing. Neither the direct nor indirect impacts of the EU ETS have been material to the Company, but they could be material to the Company in the future depending on how the Paris Agreement's non-binding commitments or allocation of and market prices for GHG credits under existing rules evolve over the coming years. U.S. Efforts In the U.S., the 1997 Kyoto Protocol was not ratified and Congress has not passed GHG legislation. The EPA, however, enacted regulations to:  (i) control GHGs from mobile sources by adopting transportation fuel efficiency standards;  (ii) control GHG emissions from new Electric Generating Units (EGUs); (iii) require reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 25,000 tons per year; (iv) in 2015, require states to develop plans to reduce GHGs from utility EGUs and (v) in 2016 EPA took the first steps in the process of developing emissions standards for existing sources in the oil and gas sector.   The 2017 change in leadership of the U.S. executive branch may result in significant revisions to or rescission of the EPA's GHG regulations. It is unclear what impacts, if any, the EPA's GHG regulatory revisions and any other future revisions will have on the Company’s operations. In 2015, EPA promulgated the Clean Power Plan (CPP) rule to address climate change by reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) and other designated greenhouse gas pollutant emissions from utility EGUs. In response, states were to develop and begin implementing programs to reduce GHGs from EGUs by about 32 percent by the 2022 to 2033 timeframe as compared to 2005 baseline levels. In October 2017, the EPA issued a regulatory action to withdraw the CPP in its entirety. Notwithstanding the withdrawal of the CPP, some states have remained committed to reaching the reduction targets set out in the CPP. These GHG reduction plans,    if implemented, could pose potential cost increases for electricity purchased by the Company. The magnitude of cost increases to the Company, if any, are not possible to estimate reliably at this time.  State, Regional and Local Measures A few U.S. states have enacted or are considering legal measures to require the reduction of emissions of GHGs by companies and public utilities, primarily through the development of GHG emission inventories or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs.  California has already enacted such a program and similar actions are being considered by Oregon. The Company does not have any sites currently subject to California's GHG regulatory plan and since the Oregon program is still being developed, it is too early to know how or if Company owned sites in Oregon may be affected.   There may be indirect impacts from changing input costs (such as electricity) at some of our California converting operations but these have yet to manifest themselves in material impacts. Although we are monitoring proposed programs in other states, it is unclear what impacts, if any, state-level GHG rules will have on the Company’s operations. Further state measures are under substantive review as they respond to the withdrawal of the EPA’s CPP.  Summary Regulation of GHGs continues to evolve in various countries in which we do business. While it is likely that there will be increased governmental action regarding GHGs and climate change, any material impact to the Company is not likely to occur before 2020 and at this time it is not reasonably possible to estimate Company costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been adopted or implemented and may not be adopted or implemented in the future. In addition to possible direct impacts, future legislation and regulation could have indirect impacts on International Paper, such as higher prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as well as more protracted air permitting processes, causing delays and higher costs to implement capital projects. International Paper has controls and procedures in place to stay informed about developments concerning possible climate change legislation and regulation in the U.S. and in other countries where we operate. We regularly assess whether such legislation or regulation may have a material effect on the Company, its operations or financial condition, and whether we have any related disclosure obligations. International Paper plays a significant role in responding to the climate change challenge. Our entire business depends upon the sustainability of forests. We transform renewable resources into recyclable products that people depend on every day. This cycle begins with  4 Table of Contents sourcing renewable fiber from responsibly managed forests, and at the end of use our products are recycled into new products at a higher rate than any other base material. We will continue to lead the world in responsible forest stewardship to ensure healthy and productive forest ecosystems for generations to come. Our efforts to advance sustainable forest management and restore forest landscapes are an important lever for mitigating climate change through carbon storage in forests. Furthermore, we use biomass and manufacturing residuals (rather than fossil fuels) to generate a substantial majority of the manufacturing energy at our mills. Additional information regarding climate change and International Paper is available in our 2016 Global Citizenship report found on our Internet Web site at www.internationalpaper.com, though this information is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. EMPLOYEES As of  December 31, 2017 , we have approximately  56,000  employees, nearly  36,000  of whom are located in the United States. Of the U.S. employees, approximately  25,000  are hourly, with unions representing approximately  15,000  employees. Approximately  12,000  of this number are represented by the United Steelworkers union (USW). International Paper, the USW, and several other unions have entered into two master agreements covering various mills and converting facilities. These master agreements cover several specific items, including wages, select benefit programs, successorship, employment security, and health and safety.  Individual facilities continue to have local agreements for other subjects not covered by the master agreements.  If local facility agreements are not successfully negotiated at the time of expiration, under the terms of the master agreements the local contracts will automatically renew with the same terms in effect. The master agreements cover the majority of our union represented mills and  converting facilities. In addition, International Paper is party to a master agreement with District Council 2, International Brotherhood of Teamsters, covering additional converting facilities.   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Mark S. Sutton,  56, chairman (since January 1, 2015) & chief executive officer (since November 1, 2014).  Mr. Sutton previously served as president & chief operating officer from June 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014, senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2011 to May 31, 2014, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas    from 2010 until 2011, senior vice president - supply chain from 2008 to 2009, vice president - supply chain from 2007 until 2008, and vice president - strategic planning from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984.  Mr. Sutton serves on the board of directors of The Kroger Company. He is a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable and serves on the American Forest & Paper Association board of directors and the international advisory board of the Moscow School of Management - Skolkovo.  He was appointed chairman of the U.S. Russian Business Council and was also appointed to the U.S. Section of the U.S.-Brazil CEO Forum. He also serves on the board of directors of Memphis Tomorrow and board of governors for New Memphis Institute. Mr. Sutton has been a director since June 1, 2014. W. Michael Amick, Jr.,  54, senior vice president - paper the Americas & India since January 1, 2017.  Mr. Amick previously served as senior vice president - North American papers & consumer packaging from July 2016 until December 2016, senior vice president - North American papers, pulp & consumer packaging from November 2014 until June 2016, vice president - president, IP India, from August 2012 to October 2014, and vice president and general manager for the coated paperboard business from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Amick joined International Paper in 1990. C. Cato Ealy,  61, senior vice president - corporate development since 2003. Mr. Ealy is a director of Ilim Holding S.A., a Swiss holding company in which International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Ealy joined International Paper in 1992. Tommy S. Joseph,  58, senior vice president - manufacturing, technology, EH&S and global sourcing since January 2010. Mr. Joseph previously served as senior vice president - manufacturing, technology, EH&S from February 2009 until December 2009, and vice president - technology from 2005 until February 2009. Mr. Joseph is a director of Ilim Holding S.A., a Swiss Holding Company in which International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Joseph joined International Paper in 1983. Glenn R. Landau,  49, senior vice president & chief financial officer since February 22, 2017.  Mr. Landau previously served as senior vice president - finance from January 1, 2017 to February 22, 2017, senior vice president - president, IP Latin America from November 2014 through December 2016, vice president - president IP Latin America from 2013 to October 2014, vice president - investor relations from 2011 to 2013, and vice president and general manager, containerboard and recycling from 2007 to 2011.  Mr. Landau serves on the board of directors of Factory  5 Table of Contents Mutual Insurance Company (FM Global).  Mr. Landau joined International Paper in 1991. Timothy S. Nicholls,  56, senior vice president - industrial packaging the Americas since January 1, 2017.  Mr. Nicholls previously served as senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2014 through December 2016, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas from November 2011 through October 2014, senior vice president and chief financial officer from 2007 until 2011, vice president and executive project leader of IP Europe during 2007, and vice president and chief financial officer - IP Europe from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Nicholls joined International Paper in 1991. Thomas J. Plath,  54, senior vice president - human resources and global citizenship since March 1, 2017.  Mr. Plath previously served as vice president - human resources, global businesses from November 2014 through February 2017, and vice president - HR manufacturing, technology, EH&S and global supply chain from April 2013 to November 2014. Mr. Plath joined International Paper in 1991. Jean-Michel Ribieras,  55, senior vice president - global cellulose fibers since July 2016.  Mr. Ribieras previously served as senior vice president - president, IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia from 2013 until June 2016, and president - IP Latin America from 2009 until 2013. Mr. Ribieras joined International Paper in 1993. Sharon R. Ryan,  58, senior vice president, general counsel & corporate secretary since November 2011. Ms. Ryan previously served as vice president, acting general counsel & corporate secretary from May 2011 until November 2011, vice president from March 2011 until May 2011, associate general counsel, chief ethics and compliance officer from 2009 until 2011, and associate general counsel from 2006 until 2009. Ms. Ryan joined International Paper in 1988. John V. Sims,  55, senior vice president - president, IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia since July 2016.  Mr. Sims previously served as vice president and general manager, European papers from March 2016 until June 2016, vice president & general manager, North American papers from 2013 until February 2016, and vice president, finance and strategy, industrial packaging, from 2009 until 2013.  Mr. Sims is a director of Ilim Holding S.A., a Swiss Holding Company in which International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Sims joined International Paper in 1994. Catherine I. Slater,  54, senior vice president since January 2018.  Ms. Slater previously served as senior vice president - consumer packaging from December    2016 to December 2017.  Ms. Slater joined International Paper from Weyerhaeuser Company in December 2016, effective with the completion of the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s cellulose fibers business, which she previously led.  Ms. Slater’s 24-year career with Weyerhaeuser included leadership roles in manufacturing, printing papers, consumer products, wood products and the cellulose fibers business. Gregory T. Wanta,  52, senior vice president - North American container since November 2016.  Mr. Wanta has served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in manufacturing and commercial leadership roles in specialty papers, coated paperboard, printing papers, foodservice and industrial packaging, including vice president, central region, Container the Americas, from January 2012 through October 2016.  Mr. Wanta joined International Paper in 1991. RAW MATERIALS Raw materials essential to our businesses include wood fiber, purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood chips and old corrugated containers (OCC), and certain chemicals, including caustic soda and starch. Information concerning fiber supply purchase agreements that were entered into in connection with the Company’s 2006 Transformation Plan, the 2008 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser Company’s Containerboard, Packaging and Recycling business, and the 2016 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business is presented in on page  30 . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the exhibits hereto) that are not historical in nature may be considered “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often identified by the words, “will,” “may,” “should,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “plan,” “appear,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” and words of a similar nature. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current views with respect to future events, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) the level of our indebtedness and changes in interest rates; (ii) industry conditions, including but not limited to changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy and transportation costs, competition we face, cyclicality and changes in consumer preferences, demand and pricing for our products; (iii) global economic conditions and political changes, including but not limited to the  6 Table of Contents impairment of financial institutions, changes in currency exchange rates, credit ratings issued by recognized credit rating organizations, the amount of our future pension funding obligation, changes in tax laws and pension and health care costs; (iv) unanticipated expenditures related to the cost of compliance with existing and new environmental and other governmental regulations and to actual or potential litigation; (v) whether we experience a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities; (vi) risks inherent in conducting business through a joint venture; and (vii) our ability to achieve the benefits we expect from all acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward looking statements are discussed in greater detail below in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (particularly in  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are some important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS, ENERGY AND TRANSPORTATION COULD AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY.  We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda and starch), energy sources (principally natural gas, coal and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport our goods. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based upon availability and source. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause an occasional tightening in the supply of recycled fiber. Energy prices, in particular prices for oil and natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Our profitability has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources. THE INDUSTRIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE EXPERIENCE BOTH ECONOMIC CYCLICALITY AND CHANGES IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES. FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICES OF, AND THE DEMAND FOR, OUR PRODUCTS COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND    CASH FLOWS.  Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. In addition, changes in consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for our products. These consumer preferences affect the prices of our products. Consequently, our financial results are sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our products. COMPETITION IN THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONALLY COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.  We operate in a competitive environment, both in the United States and internationally, in all of our operating segments. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, and marketing, distribution and pricing strategies pursued or achieved by competitors could negatively impact our financial results. RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS ADVERSE DEVELOPMENTS IN GENERAL BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels and consumer confidence, all of which impact demand for our products. In addition, volatility in the capital and credit markets, which impacts interest rates, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. THE LEVEL OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS.  As of  December 31, 2017 , International Paper had approximately $11.2 billion of outstanding indebtedness. The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, including the following: • it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, dividends, share repurchases, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; • a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including  7 Table of Contents operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; • the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other obligations; • our indebtedness that is subject to variable rates of interest exposes us to increased debt service obligations in the event of increased interest rates; • it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and • it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business, and may make us unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth. In addition, we are subject to agreements that require meeting and maintaining certain financial ratios and covenants. A significant or prolonged downturn in general business and economic conditions may affect our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those financial ratios and tests and could require us to take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to our current business objectives. CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS COULD   ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COST OF FINANCING AND HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SECURITIES.  Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of our financial strategy, and a downgrade of the Company’s ratings below investment grade may limit our access to the capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net liability position. The Company’s desire to maintain its investment grade rating may cause the Company to take certain actions designed to improve its cash flow, including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital. Under the terms of the agreements governing approximately $1.4 billion of our debt as of  December 31, 2017 , the applicable interest rate on such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade. As a result, a downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade may lead to an increase in our interest expense. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency’s judgment,    circumstances so warrant. Any such downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital markets or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur. DOWNGRADES IN THE CREDIT RATINGS OF BANKS ISSUING CERTAIN LETTERS OF CREDIT WILL INCREASE OUR COST OF MAINTAINING CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS AND MAY RESULT IN THE ACCELERATION OF DEFERRED TAXES.  We are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes delivered to Temple-Inland in connection with Temple-Inland's 2007 sales of forestlands may be downgraded below a required rating. Since 2007, certain banks have fallen below the required ratings threshold and were successfully replaced, or waivers were obtained regarding their replacement. As a result of continuing uncertainty in the banking environment, a number of the letter-of-credit banks currently in place remain subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified replacement banks remains limited. The downgrade of one or more of these banks may subject the Company to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-credit bank or could result in an acceleration of payments of up to $538 million in deferred income taxes if replacement banks cannot be obtained. The deferred taxes are currently recorded in the Company's consolidated financial statements.  See  Note 12, Variable Interest Entities , on pages  63  through  64 , and  Note 10, Income Taxes , on pages  57  through  60 , in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further information. OUR PENSION AND HEALTH CARE COSTS ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS FACTORS WHICH COULD CAUSE THESE COSTS TO CHANGE.  We have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all U.S. salaried employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 and substantially all hourly and union employees regardless of hire date. We provide retiree health care benefits to certain former U.S. hourly employees, as well as financial assistance towards the cost of individual retiree medical coverage for certain former U.S. salaried employees. Our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns, changes in general interest rates and changes in the number of retirees may result in increased pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could increase pension costs.    OUR PENSION PLANS ARE CURRENTLY UNDERFUNDED, AND OVER TIME WE MAY BE  8 Table of Contents REQUIRED TO MAKE CASH PAYMENTS TO THE PLANS, REDUCING THE CASH AVAILABLE FOR OUR BUSINESS.  We record a liability associated with our pension plans equal to the excess of the benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets. The benefit liability recorded under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” at  December 31, 2017  was  $2.0 billion . The amount and timing of future contributions will depend upon a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates.  CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL CONDITIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  Our operating results and business prospects could be substantially affected by risks related to the countries outside the United States in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Russia, Brazil, Poland, India, and Turkey, where we have substantial manufacturing facilities, are countries that are exposed to economic and political instability in their respective regions of the world. Fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the U.S. dollar, downturns in economic activity, adverse tax consequences, nationalization or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries or regions could negatively affect our financial results. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tax benefits and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over International Paper, may also adversely impact our operating results and business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements (e.g., NAFTA) or increased trade friction between countries (e.g., the U.S. and China) could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. In addition, our international operations are subject to regulation under U.S. law and other laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions and the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations.   RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and other government requirements -- including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our operations and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs. For example, we have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements, including with global climate change laws and regulations, will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances. As another example, we are subject to a number of labor and employment laws and regulations that could significantly increase our operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility.  Additionally, changing privacy laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the adoption of the European Union of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will become effective May 2018, creates new individual privacy rights and imposes increased obligations on companies handling personal data. Compliance with the stringent rules under GDPR will require an extensive review of our global data processing systems, which is ongoing. A failure to comply with GDPR could result in fines up to 20 million Euros or 4% of annual global revenues, whichever is higher. 9 Table of Contents As a final example, in December 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act").  The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code. For a discussion of the immediate and potential impacts to the Company of the Tax Act and the uncertainties around the Company's current estimates of such impacts, see  Note 10, Income Taxes . RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  The costs and other effects of pending litigation against us cannot be determined with certainty. Although we do not believe that the outcome of any pending or threatened lawsuits or claims will have a material effect on our business or consolidated financial statements, there can be no assurance that the outcome of any lawsuit or claim will be as expected. RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS MATERIAL DISRUPTIONS AT ONE OF OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITIES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.  We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: • fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes; • the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; • the effect of other severe weather conditions on equipment and facilities; • terrorism or threats of terrorism; • domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to our Company and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world; • unscheduled maintenance outages; • prolonged power failures; • an equipment failure; • a chemical spill or release;   • explosion of a boiler or other equipment; • damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities; • disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; • widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; • labor difficulties; and • other operational problems. Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on our business and financial results. WE ARE SUBJECT TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS RELATED TO BREACHES OF SECURITY PERTAINING TO SENSITIVE COMPANY, CUSTOMER, EMPLOYEE AND VENDOR INFORMATION AS WELL AS BREACHES IN THE TECHNOLOGY USED TO  MANAGE OPERATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS PROCESSES.  Our business operations rely upon secure information technology systems for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. Despite careful security and controls design, implementation, updating and independent third party verification, our information technology systems, and those of our third party providers, could become subject to employee error or malfeasance, cyber attacks, or natural disasters. Network, system, application and data breaches could result in operational disruptions or information misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with International Paper. Access to internal applications required to plan our operations, source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods and account for orders could be denied or misused. Theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could stem from such incidents. Any of these operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information could result in lost sales, business delays, negative publicity and could have a material effect on our business. 10 Table of Contents CERTAIN OPERATIONS ARE CONDUCTED BY JOINT VENTURES THAT WE CANNOT OPERATE SOLELY FOR OUR BENEFIT.  Certain operations in Russia are carried on by a joint venture, Ilim.  In joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. In general, joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. In joint ventures, we are required to pay more attention to our relationship with our co-owners as well as with the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected. In addition, the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, so we receive only our portion of those benefits.  WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES, DIVESTITURES AND OTHER CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.   Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accomplish prudent acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures and other corporate transactions and to realize the benefits we expect from such transactions, and we are subject to the risk that we may not achieve the expected benefits. Among the benefits we expect from potential as well as completed acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers who  place higher strategic value on such businesses and assets than does International Paper. On January 1, 2018, for example, we completed a transaction transferring our North American Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging in exchange for, among other things, an equity interest in the combined business of 20.5%, as of immediately following the closing, and the assumption by the combined business of $660 million of indebtedness that we incurred prior to closing of the transaction. The success of the transaction will depend, in part, on the financial performance of the combined business and on the ability of the combined business to realize anticipated growth opportunities, cost savings and other synergies. The success of the combined business in realizing these growth opportunities, cost savings and other synergies, and the timing of this realization, will depend on the successful integration of our North American Consumer Packaging business with Graphic Packaging's business.   ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM  2. PROPERTIES FORESTLANDS As of  December 31, 2017 , the Company owned or managed approximately  329,000  acres of forestlands in Brazil, and had, through licenses and forest management agreements, harvesting rights on government-owned forestlands in Russia. All owned lands in Brazil are independently third-party certified for sustainable forestry under the Brazilian National Forest Certification Program (CERFLOR) and  the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). MILLS AND PLANTS A listing of our production facilities by segment, the vast majority of which we own, can be found in  Appendix I  hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Company’s facilities are in good operating condition and are suited for the purposes for which they are presently being used. We continue to study the economics of modernization or adopting other alternatives for higher cost facilities. CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND DISPOSITIONS Given the size, scope and complexity of our business interests, we continually examine and evaluate a wide variety of business opportunities and planning alternatives, including possible acquisitions and sales or other dispositions of properties. You can find a discussion about the level of planned capital investments for  2018  on page  28 , and dispositions and restructuring activities as of  December 31, 2017 , on pages  21  and  22  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and on pages  51  and pages  53  through  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information concerning the Company’s legal proceedings is set forth in  Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies  on pages  60  through  63  of  Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 11 Table of Contents PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Dividend per share data on the Company’s common stock and the high and low sales prices for the Company’s common stock for each of the four quarters in  2017  and  2016  are set forth on page  81  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . As of    the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company’s common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. As of  February 16, 2018 , there were approximately 11,766 record holders of common stock of the Company. The table below presents information regarding the Company’s purchase of its equity securities for the time periods presented. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in billions) October 1, 2017 - October 31, 2017 78 $ 56.82 — $ 0.933 November 1, 2017 - November 30, 2017 — — — 0.933 December 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017 5,257 56.96 — 0.933 Total 5,335       (a)  5,335 shares were acquired from employees from share withholdings to pay income taxes under the Company’s restricted stock programs.  During these periods, no shares were purchased under our share repurchase program, which was approved by our Board of Directors and announced on July 8, 2014. Through this program, which does not have an expiration date, we were authorized to purchase, in open market transactions (including block trades), privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, up to $1.5 billion shares of our common stock.  As of February 16, 2018, approximately $933 million shares of our common stock remained authorized for purchase under this program.    12 Table of Contents PERFORMANCE GRAPH The performance graph shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   The following graph compares a $100 investment in Company stock on December 31, 2012 with a $100 investment in our Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) Peer Group and the S&P 500 also made at market close on December 31, 2012. The graph portrays total return, 2012–2017, assuming reinvestment of dividends. Note 1:  The companies included in the ROIC Peer Group are  Domtar Inc., Fibria Celulose S.A., Graphic Packaging Holding Company, Klabin S.A., Metsa Board Corporation, Mondi Group, Packaging Corporation of America, Smurfit Kappa Group, Stora Enso Group, and UPM-Kymmene Corp.  MeadWestvaco Corp. and  Rock-Tenn Company are included in the ROIC Peer Group results through 2014 and subsequently, after the merger of those companies, WestRock was added to the Peer group  beginning in 2015. Note 2:   Returns are calculated in $USD. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY (a)  Dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts and stock prices 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                     Net sales $ 21,743    $ 19,495    $ 20,675    $ 21,889    $ 21,244    Costs and expenses, excluding interest 20,323    18,180    18,988    20,548    19,540    Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 848 (b)    795 (e)   1,132 (h)     734 (k)   1,092 (n)     Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes 177    198    117   (200 )    (39 )    Discontinued operations, net of taxes 34 (c)    102 (f)   85 (i)   77 (l)   (215 ) (o)   Net earnings (loss) 2,144 (b-d)     902 (e-g)     917 (h-j)   536 (k-m)     1,378 (n-p)     Noncontrolling interests, net of taxes —    (2 )    (21 )    (19 )    (17 )    Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 2,144 (b-d)     904 (e-g)   938 (h-j)   555 (k-m)     1,395 (n-p)     FINANCIAL POSITION                     Current assets less current liabilities $ 3,175    $ 2,601    $ 2,244    $ 2,719    $ 3,597    Plants, properties and equipment, net 13,265    13,003    11,000    11,794    12,745    Forestlands 448    456    366    507    557    Total assets 33,903    33,093    30,271    28,369    31,242    Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt 311    239    426    742    661    Long-term debt 10,846    11,075    8,844    8,584    8,787    Total shareholders’ equity 6,522    4,341    3,884    5,115    8,105    BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 5.11    $ 1.95    $ 2.05    $ 1.12   $ 3.63    Discontinued operations 0.08    0.25    0.20    0.18   (0.48 )   Net earnings (loss) 5.19    2.20    2.25    1.30   3.15   DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 5.05    $ 1.93    $ 2.03    $ 1.10   $ 3.59    Discontinued operations 0.08    0.25    0.20    0.19   (0.48 )   Net earnings (loss) 5.13    2.18    2.23    1.29   3.11    Cash dividends 1.863    1.783    1.640    1.450    1.250    Total shareholders’ equity 15.79    10.56    9.43    12.18    18.57    COMMON STOCK PRICES                     High $ 58.96    $ 54.68    $ 57.90    $ 55.73    $ 50.33    Low 49.60    32.50    36.76    44.24    39.47    Year-end 57.94    53.06    37.70    53.58    49.03    FINANCIAL RATIOS                     Current ratio 1.6    1.6    1.6    1.5    1.7    Total debt to capital ratio 0.63    0.72    0.70    0.65    0.54    Return on shareholders’ equity 43.9 % 22.1 % 20.0 % 7.7 % 20.2 % CAPITAL EXPENDITURES $ 1,391    $ 1,348    $ 1,487    $1,366    $1,198    NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES 56,000    55,000    56,000    58,000    64,000      14 Table of Contents FINANCIAL GLOSSARY Current ratio— current assets divided by current liabilities. Total debt to capital ratio— long-term debt plus notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt divided by long-term debt, notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt and total shareholders’ equity. Return on shareholders’ equity— net earnings attributable to International Paper Company divided by average shareholders’ equity (computed monthly). FOOTNOTES TO FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY   (a) All periods presented have been restated to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business, xpedx business, and the Temple-Inland Building Products business as discontinued operations (excluding cash flow related items) and prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform with current year presentation, if applicable.  2017: (b)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   $ (14 )   $ (9 ) Costs associated with the pulp business acquired in 2016   33   20 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   14   8 Holmen bargain purchase gain   (6 )   (6 ) Abandoned property removal   20   13 Kleen Products settlement   354   219 Asia Foodservice sale   9   4 Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization   10   7 Debt extinguishment costs   83   51 Interest income on income tax refund claims   (5 )   (3 ) Other items   (2 )   (2 ) Total special items   $ 496   $ 302 Non-operating pension expense   484   298 Total   $ 980   $ 600 (c)   Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer   Packaging business for the full year. Also includes the following charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   $ 17   $ 10 Non-operating pension expense   45   28 Total   $ 62   $ 38   (d)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2017 International legal entity restructuring   $ 34 Income tax refund claims   (113 ) Cash pension contribution   38 International Tax Law Change   9 Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   (1,222 ) Tax impact of other special items   $ (1,254 ) 2016: (e)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2016 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Riegelwood mill conversion costs   $ 9   $ 6 India Packaging evaluation write-off   17   11 Write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs   8   5 Early debt extinguishment costs   29   18 Costs associated with the newly acquired pulp business   31   21 Asia Box impairment / restructuring   70   58 Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical    (8 )   (5 ) Turkey mill closure   7   6 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   19   11 Total special items   $ 182   $ 131 Non-operating pension expense   610   375 Total   $ 792   $ 506 (f)    Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year. Also includes the following charges (gains):     2016 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax xpedx legal settlement   $ 8   $ 5 Total   $ 8   $ 5 (g)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2016 Cash pension contribution   $ 23 U.S. Federal audit   (14 ) Brazil goodwill   (57 ) International legal entity restructuring   (6 ) Luxembourg tax rate change   31 Tax impact of other special items   $ (23 ) 15 Table of Contents 2015: (h)   Includes the following charges (gains):     2015 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Riegelwood mill conversion costs, net of proceeds from sale of the Carolina Coated Bristols brand   $ 8   $ 4 Timber monetization restructuring   16   10 Early debt extinguishment costs   207   133 IP-Sun JV impairment   174   180 Legal reserve adjustment   15   9 Refund and state tax credits   (4 )   (2 ) Impairment of Orsa goodwill and trade name intangible   137   137 Other items   6   5 Total special items   $ 559   $ 476 Non-operating pension expense   258   157 Total   $ 817   $ 633 (i)       Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer   Packaging business for the full year .  (j)    Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2015 IP-Sun JV impairment   $ (67 ) Cash pension contribution   23 Other items   7 Tax impact of other special items   $ (37 ) 2014: (k)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2014 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Temple-Inland integration   $ 16   $ 10 Courtland mill shutdown   554   338 Early debt extinguishment costs   276   169 India legal contingency resolution   (20 )   (20 ) Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability   35   21 Foreign tax amnesty program   32   17 Asia Industrial Packaging goodwill impairment   100   100 Loss on sale by investee and impairment of investment   47   36 Other items   12   9 Total special items   $ 1,052   $ 680 Non-operating pension expense   212   129 Total   $ 1,264   $ 809   (l)      Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business and the xpedx business prior to the spin-off and the following charges (gains):     2014 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax xpedx spinoff   $ 24   $ 16 Building Products divestiture   16   9 xpedx restructuring   1   (1 ) Total   $ 41   $ 24 (m)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2014 State legislative tax change   $ 10 Internal restructuring   (90 ) Other items   (1 ) Tax impact of other special items   $ (81 ) 2013: (n)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2013 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Temple-Inland integration   $ 62   $ 38 Courtland mill shutdown   118   72 Early debt extinguishment costs   25   16 Insurance reimbursement related to legal settlement   (30 )   (19 ) India Papers tradename and goodwill impairment   127   122 Fair value adjustment of company airplanes   9   5 Cass Lake environmental reserve   6   4 Bargain purchase adjustment - Turkey   (13 )   (13 ) Other items   (5 )   2 Total special items   $ 299   $ 227 Non-operating pension expense   323   197 Total   $ 622   $ 424 (o)    Includes the operating earnings of the  North American Consumer Packaging business and the xpedx business for the full year, and the Temple-Inland Building Products business through the date of sale in July 2013. Also includes the following charges (gains):     2013 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax xpedx spinoff   $ 22   $ 14 xpedx goodwill impairment   400   366 Building products divestiture   23   19 Shut down of paper machine at Augusta mill   45   28 xpedx restructuring   32   19 Total   $ 522   $ 446 (p)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2013 Settlement of U.S. federal tax audits   $ (744 ) Income tax reserve release   (31 ) Other items   1 Tax impact of other special items   $ (774 ) 16 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY International Paper delivered a year of strong performance in 2017, driven by excellent commercial execution across our businesses. Our  Global Cellulose Fibers business is on track to achieve the estimated transaction synergies. We continued to grow value for our shareholders with our return on invested capital solidly exceeding our cost of capital for the eighth consecutive year. We made substantial progress in further strengthening our portfolio during 2017. We accelerated strategic investments for growth in the Industrial Packaging business, providing the Company with the flexibility we need around capacity, products and geography to support our customers. In addition, the Company made an important strategic move to transfer the North American Consumer Packaging business, which included the North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. This strategic move enables us to focus on growing value in our core businesses and establish a 20.5% ownership interest in the subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company that holds the assets of the combined business. Finally, we generated strong free cash flow which enabled us to increase our annual dividend for the sixth consecutive year.  Our 2017 results reflect significant pricing and mix improvement, which accelerated throughout the year. The improvement in price and mix was primarily driven by price realization on price increases announced in prior quarters in our North American Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses. Operations were negatively impacted by hurricanes and the Pensacola event earlier in the year; however, 2017 was a lower maintenance outage year. Input costs were higher compared to 2016, driven by significantly higher recovered fiber costs, as well as, higher energy and transportation costs during the latter part of the year. Our Ilim joint venture delivered solid operational and financial results, driven by pricing and strong volume, and provided more than $130 million in cash dividends to International Paper in 2017. Finally, our 2017 results reflect the provisional net tax benefit associated with the impact of the December 2017 enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  Looking ahead to the 2018 first quarter, overall industry conditions are expected to remain strong, and we should continue to benefit from announced price increases, cost reduction initiatives and additional synergies. We expect higher export price realization in our North American Industrial Packaging business and improved pricing in our Printing Papers segment, as price increases    implemented in 2017 are realized. We also expect 2018 first quarter sales volumes for North American Industrial Packaging and Brazil Papers to be down due to seasonally lower demand. Our North American mill operations have been affected by the severe cold weather experienced at the beginning of 2018 which is expected to impact operating costs.  Costs will be higher in our European Packaging business related to the Madrid Mill conversion. In addition, planned maintenance outages are expected to increase due to a heavy outage quarter, as 70% of the Company outages are planned during the first half of 2018. Input costs are expected to increase across our businesses, driven by higher wood, energy and transportation costs. Additionally, we expect equity earnings for Ilim to be sequentially higher, driven by price realization across the pulp portfolio which will be partly offset by seasonally lower volumes. Looking to full year 2018, our focus will be on value creation in our growth businesses. We anticipate another year of strong growth, driven by a continued strong outlook in our core businesses and the full-year price flow through of the 2017 increases.  We continue to see healthy demand and solid fundamentals across our portfolio. We expect higher maintenance outage expenses due to the calendar impact of mills on an eighteen-month cycle and extended outages at several of our mills, as we position them for longer maintenance cycle schedules in the future. We are planning for $1.5 billion in capital expenditures in 2018, including approximately $500 million that will be invested in strategic projects, including the Madrid Mill conversion and the Riverdale conversion. Also, we will see the positive cash tax impact associated with tax reform.  Our Ilim joint venture is well positioned for another strong year of performance, and we will start to see the benefits of our investment in Graphic Packaging. All in, we expect another year of strong cash generation enabling us to continue to allocate capital to grow value for our shareholders.  Adjusted Operating Earnings and Adjusted Operating Earnings Per Share are non-GAAP measures and are defined as net earnings from continuing operations (a GAAP measure) excluding special items and non-operating pension expense. Diluted earnings (loss) and Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders are the most direct comparable GAAP measures. The Company calculates Adjusted Operating Earnings by excluding the after-tax effect of items considered by management to be unusual, from the earnings reported under GAAP, non-operating pension expense (includes all U.S. pension costs, excluding service costs and prior service costs), and discontinued operations. Adjusted Operating Earnings Per Share is calculated by dividing Adjusted Operating Earnings by diluted average shares of common stock outstanding. Management uses this measure to focus on on-going operations, and believes that it is useful to investors  17 Table of Contents because it enables them to perform meaningful comparisons of past and present operating results. The Company believes that using this information, along with the most direct comparable GAAP measure, provides for a more complete analysis of the results of operations.  The following are reconciliations of Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders to Adjusted operating earnings attributable to common shareholders.     2017 2016 2015 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders $ 2,144 $ 904 $ 938 Add back - Discontinued operations (gain) loss (34 ) (102 ) (85 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 2,110 802 853 Add back - Non-operating pension (income) expense 484 610 258 Add back - Net special items expense (income) 496 182 559 Income tax effect - Non-operating pension and special items expense (1,634 ) (309 ) (221 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders $ 1,456 $ 1,285 $ 1,449   2017 2016 2015 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders $ 5.13 $ 2.18 $ 2.23 Add back - Discontinued operations (gain) loss per share (0.08 ) (0.25 ) (0.20 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share from Continuing Operations 5.05 1.93 2.03 Add back - Non-operating pension (income) expense 1.16 1.47 0.61 Add back - Net special items expense (income) 1.19 0.44 1.33 Income tax effect - Non-operating pension and special items expense (3.91 ) (0.75 ) (0.52 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders $ 3.49 $ 3.09 $ 3.45       Three Months Ended December 31, 2017   Three Months Ended September 30, 2017   Three Months Ended December 31, 2016 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders   $ 1,460   $ 395   $ 218 Add back - Discontinued operations (gain) loss   8   (29 )   (24 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations   1,468   366   194 Add back - Non-operating pension (income) expense   386   33   37 Add back - Net special items expense (income)   106   23   45 Income tax effect - Non-operating pension and special items expense   (1,430 )   (2 )   3 Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders   $ 530   $ 420   $ 279     Three Months Ended December 31, 2017   Three Months Ended September 30, 2017   Three Months Ended December 31, 2016 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders   $ 3.50   $ 0.95   $ 0.53 Add back - Discontinued operations (gain) loss per share   0.02   (0.07 )   (0.06 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share from Continuing Operations   3.52   0.88   0.47 Add back - Non-operating pension (income) expense per share   0.92   0.08   0.09 Add back - Net special items expense (income) per share   0.25   0.05   0.11 Income tax effect per share - Non-operating pension and special items expense   (3.42 )   —   — Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders   $ 1.27   $ 1.01   $ 0.67 Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure is cash provided by operations. Management believes that Free Cash Flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available, after reinvesting in the business, to maintain a strong balance sheet, pay dividends, repurchase stock, repay debt and make investments for future growth. It should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. By adjusting for certain items that are not indicative of the Company's ongoing performance, free cash flow also enables  18 Table of Contents investors to perform meaningful comparisons between past and present periods. The Company generated Free Cash Flow of approximately  $2.0 billion ,  $1.9 billion  and  $1.8 billion  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The following are reconciliations of free cash flow to cash provided by operations:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Cash provided by operations $ 1,757 $ 2,478 $ 2,580 Adjustments:       Cash invested in capital projects (1,391 ) (1,348 ) (1,487 ) Cash contribution to pension plan 1,250 750 750 Cash payment for Kleen Settlement 354 — — Free Cash Flow $ 1,970 $ 1,880 $ 1,843 In millions Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 Three Months Ended September 30, 2017 Three Months Ended December 31, 2016 Cash provided by operations $ 1,188 $ (709 ) $ 912 Adjustments:       Cash invested in capital projects (456 ) (271 ) (445 ) Cash contribution to pension plan — 1,250 — Cash payment for Kleen Settlement — 354 — Free Cash Flow $ 732 $ 624 $ 467 Results of Operations Business Segment Operating Profits are used by International Paper’s management to measure the earnings performance of its businesses. Management believes that this measure allows a better understanding of trends in costs, operating efficiencies, prices and volumes. Business Segment Operating Profits are defined as earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings, but including the impact of equity earnings and noncontrolling interests, excluding corporate items and corporate special items. Business Segment Operating Profits are defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission as a non-GAAP financial measure, and are not GAAP alternatives to net income or any other operating measure prescribed by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  International Paper operates in three segments: Industrial Packaging, Global Cellulose Fibers and Printing Papers.  During 2017, as a result of the transfer of the North American Coated Paperboard business and the associated reclassification of this business to Discontinued Operations, the remaining sales and operating profits previously reported in the Consumer    Packaging segment have been reclassified for segment reporting for all periods presented.  The European Coated Paperboard business is now included in the Industrial Packaging segment and sales and earnings historically  included in the Consumer Packaging segment associated with previously divested businesses are now included in Corporate items. The following table presents a reconciliation of net earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company to its total Business Segment Operating Profit:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Earnings (Loss) From Continuing Operations Attributable to International Paper Company $ 2,110 $ 802 $ 853 Add back (deduct)       Income tax provision (benefit) (1,085 ) 193 417 Equity (earnings) loss, net of taxes (177 ) (198 ) (117 ) Noncontrolling interests, net of taxes — (2 ) (21 ) Earnings (Loss) From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings 848 795 1,132 Interest expense, net 572 520 555 Noncontrolling interests/equity earnings included in operations (2 ) 1 8 Corporate items 91 121 96 Corporate special items (income) expense 76 55 422 Non-operating pension expense 484 610 258   $ 2,069 $ 2,102 $ 2,471 Business Segment Operating Profit       Industrial Packaging $ 1,547 $ 1,741 $ 1,938 Global Cellulose Fibers 65 (179 ) 68 Printing Papers 457 540 465 Business Segment Operating Profit $ 2,069 $ 2,102 $ 2,471 Business Segment Operating Profits in  2017  included a net loss from special items of $425 million compared with $127 million in  2016  and $137 million in  2015 .   Operationally, compared with 2016, the  benefits from higher average sales price realizations and mix ($605 million), higher sales volumes ($33 million), lower maintenance outage costs ($55 million) and the incremental operating earnings from the pulp business acquired in late 2016 ($117 million) were offset by higher operating costs ($172 million), higher input costs ($362 million) and higher other costs ($11 million).  Corporate items includes operating profits (losses) of previously divested businesses of $0 million in 2017, ($2) million in 2016 and ($62) million in 2015. 19 Table of Contents   The principal changes in operating profit by business segment were as follows:   • Industrial Packaging’s profits of $1.5 billion were $194 million lower than in 2016 as the benefits of higher average sales price realizations and mix and higher sales volumes were partially offset by higher operating costs, higher maintenance outage costs, higher input costs and higher other costs.  In addition, operating profits in 2017 included a charge of $354 million related to the agreement to settle the Kleen Products anti-trust class action lawsuit, charges of $14 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills, a charge of $10 million for the accelerated amortization of an intangible asset in Brazil and a gain of $6 million for a net bargain purchase gain associated with the 2016 acquisition of Holmen Paper's newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain.  In 2016, operating profits included a charge of $70 million for impairment and other costs associated with the sale of our corrugated packaging business in Asia and a charge of $7 million related to the closure of a mill in Turkey.  • Global Cellulose Fibers' operating profit of $65 million was $244 million favorable versus 2016 as the benefits of higher average sales price realizations and mix, lower operating costs, lower maintenance outage costs and lower input costs were partially offset by higher other costs. Operating profits in 2017 included $33 million of costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the pulp business acquired in late 2016 from Weyerhaeuser, a charge of $14 million for the amortization of the remaining inventory fair value adjustment associated with that acquisition and a charge of  $4 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills. Results for 2017 also reflect the transaction synergies associated with the Weyerhaeuser acquisition. In 2016, the operating loss included $31 million of costs associated with the acquisition of the pulp business and $19 million    for the amortization of the inventory fair value adjustment associated with that acquisition. • Printing Papers’ profits of $457 million represented a $83 million decrease in operating profits from 2016. The benefits from higher sales volumes, lower maintenance outage costs and lower other costs were more than offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix, higher operating costs and  higher input costs. Op erating profits in 2017 included charges of $2 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , International Paper generated  $1.8 billion  of cash flow from operations compared with  $2.5 billion  in  2016  and  $2.6 billion  in  2015 . Cash flow from operations included  $1.25 billion ,  $750 million  and  $750 million  of cash pension contributions in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Capital spending for  2017  totaled  $1.4 billion , or  98%  of depreciation and amortization expense. Our liquidity position remains strong, supported by approximately $2.1 billion of credit facilities that we believe are adequate to meet future liquidity requirements. Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important element in our overall financial strategy. We expect strong cash generation again in  2018 , including the benefits of U.S. tax reform, and will continue our balanced use of cash through the payment of dividends, reducing total debt and making investments for future growth. Capital spending for  2018  is targeted at  $1.5 billion , or about  111%  of depreciation and amortization. Legal See  Note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  on pages  60  through  63  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for a discussion of legal matters. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS While the operating results for International Paper’s various business segments are driven by a number of business-specific factors, changes in International Paper’s operating results are closely tied to changes in general economic conditions in North America, Europe, Russia, Latin America, India, North Africa and the Middle East. Factors that impact the demand for our products include industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels, and movements in currency exchange rates. Product prices are affected by general economic trends, inventory levels, currency exchange rate movements and  20 Table of Contents worldwide capacity utilization. In addition to these revenue-related factors, net earnings are impacted by various cost drivers, the more significant of which include changes in raw material costs, principally wood, recycled fiber and chemical costs; energy costs; freight costs; salary and benefits costs, including pensions; and manufacturing conversion costs. The following is a discussion of International Paper’s results of operations for the year ended  December 31, 2017 , and the major factors affecting these results compared to  2016  and  2015 . For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , International Paper reported net sales of  $21.7 billion , compared with  $19.5 billion  in  2016  and  $20.7 billion  in  2015 .   International net sales (including U.S. exports) totaled  $8.4 billion  or  39%  of total sales in  2017 . This compares with international net sales of  $6.9 billion  in  2016  and  $7.6 billion  in  2015 . Full year  2017  net earnings attributable to International Paper Company totaled  $2.1 billion  ( $5.13  per diluted share), compared with net earnings of  $904 million  ( $2.18  per diluted share) in  2016  and  $938 million  ( $2.23  per diluted share) in  2015 . Amounts in all periods include the results of discontinued operations. Earnings from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company after taxes in  2017 , 2016 and 2015 were as follows: In millions 2017   2016   2015   Earnings from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company $ 2,110 (a) $ 802 (b) $ 853 (c) (a)    Includes $952 million of net special items income which included a provisional net tax benefit of $1.2 billion related to the enactment of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act and $298 million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-tax charge of $376 million ($232 million after taxes) for a settlement accounting charge associated with an annuity purchase and transfer of pension obligations for approximately 45,000 retirees. (b)    Includes $108 million of net special items charges and $375 million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-tax charge of $439 million ($270 million after taxes) for a settlement accounting charge associated with payments under a term-vested lump sum buyout. (c)    Includes $439 million of net special items charges and $157 million of non-operating pension expense. Compared with  2016 , the benefits from higher sales volumes, higher average sales price realizations and mix, lower maintenance outage costs, incremental earnings from the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business, lower other costs, and lower tax expense were partially offset by  higher operating costs, higher input costs and higher net interest expense.  In addition,  2017  results    included lower equity earnings, net of taxes, relating to the Company’s investment in Ilim Holding, SA.   See  Business Segment Results  on pages  24  through  27  for a discussion of the impact of these factors by segment. Discontinued Operations 2017 : On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. International Paper received a 20.5% ownership interest in a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company that holds the assets of the combined business. As a result of this transfer, all current and prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business as a discontinued operation. See  Note 7  on pages  53  through  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further discussion. Included in discontinued operations were the operating  earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business, an after-tax  charge of $10 million for costs associated with the transfer and an after-tax charge of $28 million for non-operating pension expenses related to curtailment charges and termination benefits in connection with this same transaction. 2016 :  In 2016, discontinued operations included the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business and an after-tax charge of $5 million expense associated with a legal settlement related to the xpedx business. 2015 :  In 2015, discontinued operations included the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business. 21 Table of Contents Income Taxes A net income tax benefit of  $1.1 billion  was recorded for  2017 , including a provisional net tax benefit of $1.2 billion related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tax benefits of $113 million related to income tax refund claims, a tax expense of $9 million related to an international tax law change, tax expenses of $34 million related to international investment restructuring and a tax expense of $38 million associated with a cash pension contribution. Excluding these items, a $194 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $186 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $549 million, or 30% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings. A net income tax provision of  $193 million  was recorded for  2016  including tax benefits of $63 million related to legal entity restructurings, a tax expense of $31 million associated with a tax rate change in Luxembourg, a tax expense of $23 million associated with a $750 million cash pension contribution, and a tax benefit of $14 million related to the closure of a federal tax audit. Excluding these items, a $51 million tax benefit for other special items and a $235 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $502 million, or 32% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings. A net income tax provision of  $417 million  was recorded for  2015  including a tax benefit of $62 million related to internal restructurings, a tax expense of $23 million for the tax impact of a cash pension contribution of $750 million and a $2 million tax expense for other items. Excluding these items, an $83 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $101 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $638 million, or 33% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings. Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes Equity earnings, net of taxes in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  consisted principally of the Company’s share of earnings from its  50%  investment in Ilim Holding S.A. in Russia (see page  27 ). Interest Expense and Noncontrolling Interest Net corporate interest expense totaled  $572 million  in  2017 ,  $520 million  in  2016  and  $555 million  in  2015 . Net interest expense in  2017 includes $5 million of interest income associated with income tax refund claims. The increase in 2017 compared with 2016 is due to higher average outstanding debt. The decrease in 2016 compared with 2015 reflects lower average interest rates.  There were no net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in  2017 , compared with a loss of  $2 million  in  2016  and a loss of   $21 million  in  2015 .  The decrease from 2015 reflects the sale of our equity share of the IP-Sun JV in 2015.    Special Items Restructuring and Other Charges International Paper continually evaluates its operations for improvement opportunities targeted to (a) focus our portfolio on our core businesses, (b) realign capacity to operate fewer facilities with the same revenue capability and close high cost facilities, and (c) reduce costs. Annually, strategic operating plans are developed by each of our businesses. If it subsequently becomes apparent that a facility’s plan will not be achieved, a decision is then made to, among other outcomes, (a) invest additional capital to upgrade the facility, (b) shut down the facility and record the corresponding charge, or (c) evaluate the expected recovery of the carrying value of the facility to determine if an impairment of the assets have occurred. In recent years, this policy has led to the shutdown of a number of facilities and the recording of significant asset impairment charges and severance costs. It is possible that additional charges and costs will be incurred in future periods in our core businesses should such triggering events occur. During  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , pre-tax restructuring and other charges totaling  $67 million ,  $54 million  and  $252 million  were recorded. Details of these charges are as follows: Restructuring and Other             In millions 2017   2016   2015   Business Segments             Turkey mill closure $ —   $ 7 (a) $ —     —   7   —   Corporate             Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13) $ 83   $ 29   $ 207   Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen (14 )   —   —   India Packaging business evaluation write-off —   17   —   Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical —   (8 )   —   Riegelwood mill conversion costs net of proceeds from the sale of Carolina Coated Bristols brand —   9   8   Timber monetization restructuring —   —   16   Legal liability reserve adjustment —   —   15   Other Items (2 )   —   6     67   47   252   Total $ 67   $ 54   $ 252   (a) Recorded in the Industrial Packaging business segment. 22 Table of Contents Other Corporate Special Items In addition, other corporate special items totaling  $0 million ,  $8 million  and  $(4) million  were recorded in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Details of these charges were as follows: Other Corporate Items       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs $ — $ 8 $ — Other — — (4 ) Total $ — $ 8 $ (4 ) Impairments of Goodwill No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2017 or 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the Company calculated the estimated fair value of its Brazil Packaging business and determined that all of the goodwill in the business, totaling $137 million, should be written off. The decline in the fair value of the Brazil Packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash flows of the business caused by the continued decline of the overall Brazilian economy. Net Losses on Sales and Impairments of Businesses Net losses on sales and impairments of businesses included in special items totaled a pre-tax loss of  $9 million  in  2017 , a pre-tax loss of  $70 million  in  2016  and a pre-tax loss of  $174 million  in  2015 . See  Note 7 Divestitures  on pages  53  through  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ) for further discussion. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS International Paper’s business segments discussed below are consistent with the internal structure used to manage these businesses. All segments are differentiated on a common product, common customer basis consistent with the business segmentation generally used in the forest products industry. Industrial Packaging International Paper is the largest manufacturer of containerboard in the United States. Our U.S. production capacity is over 13 million tons annually. Our products include linerboard, medium, whitetop, recycled linerboard, recycled medium and saturating kraft.  About 80% of our production is converted domestically into corrugated boxes and other packaging by our 178 North American container plants. Additionally, we recycle approximately one million tons of OCC and mixed and    white paper through our 18 recycling plants. In EMEA, our operations include one recycled fiber containerboard mill in Morocco and 27 container plants in France, Italy, Spain, Morocco and Turkey. During 2016, we acquired a newsprint mill in Spain which we are in the process of  converting to a recycled containerboard mill. In Brazil our operations include three containerboard mills and four box plants. Our container plants are supported by regional design centers, which offer total packaging solutions and supply chain initiatives. International Paper also produces high quality coated paperboard for a variety of packaging end uses  with 431,000 tons of capacity at our mills in Poland and Russia. Global Cellulose Fibers Our cellulose fibers product portfolio includes fluff, market and specialty pulps. Our fluff pulp is used to make absorbent hygiene products like baby diapers,  feminine care, adult incontinence and other non-woven products, and our market pulp is used for tissue and paper products. We continue to invest in exploring new innovative uses for our products, such as our specialty pulps, which are used for non-absorbent end uses including textiles, filtration, construction material, paints and coatings, reinforced plastics and more. Our products are made in the United States, Canada, France, Poland, and Russia and are sold around the world. International Paper facilities have annual dried pulp capacity of about 4 million metric tonnes. Printing Papers International Paper is one of the world’s largest producers of printing and writing papers. The primary product in this segment is uncoated papers. This business produces papers for use in copiers, desktop and laser printers and digital imaging. End use applications include advertising and promotional materials such as brochures, pamphlets, greeting cards, books, annual reports and direct mail. Uncoated papers also produces a variety of grades that are converted by our customers into envelopes, tablets, business forms and file folders. Uncoated papers are sold under private label and International Paper brand names that include  Hammermill, Springhill, Williamsburg, Postmark, Accent, Great White, Chamex, Ballet ,  Rey, Pol, and Svetocopy . The mills producing uncoated papers are located in the United States, France, Poland, Russia, Brazil and India. The mills have uncoated paper production capacity of over 4 million tons annually. Brazilian operations function through International Paper do Brasil, Ltda, which owns or manages approximately 329,000 acres of forestlands in Brazil. 23 Table of Contents Ilim Holding S.A. In October 2007, International Paper and Ilim Holding S.A. (Ilim) completed a 50:50 joint venture to operate a pulp and paper business located in Russia. Ilim’s facilities include three paper mills located in Bratsk, Ust-Ilimsk, and Koryazhma, Russia, with combined total pulp and paper capacity of over 3.4 million metric tons. Ilim has exclusive harvesting rights on timberland and forest areas exceeding 16.4 million acres (6.6 million hectares). Products and brand designations appearing in italics are trademarks of International Paper or a related company. BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS The following tables present net sales and operating profit (loss) which is the Company's measure of segment profitability. The tables include a detail of special items in each year, where applicable, in order to show operating profit before special items. Industrial Packaging Demand for Industrial Packaging products is closely correlated with non-durable industrial goods production, as well as with demand for processed foods, poultry, meat and agricultural products. In addition to prices and volumes, major factors affecting the profitability of Industrial Packaging are raw material and energy costs, freight costs, manufacturing efficiency and product mix.  Industrial Packaging       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 15,077 $ 14,226 $ 14,559 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 1,547 $ 1,741 $ 1,938 Asia Packaging restructuring and impairment — 70 — Holmen mill bargain purchase gain (6 ) — — Kleen Products anti-trust settlement 354 — — Brazil Packaging Wood Supply Accelerated Amortization 10 — — Turkey mill closure — 7 — Brazil Packaging goodwill and trade name impairment — — 137 Other 14 — — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 1,919 $ 1,818 $ 2,075   Industrial Packaging   net sales for  2017   increased   6%  to  $15.1 billion  compared with  $14.2 billion  in  2016 , and  4%  compared with  $14.6 billion  in  2015 .  Operating profits in  2017  were  11%   lower  than in  2016  and  20%   lower  than in  2015 .  Comparing 2017 with 2016, benefits from higher average sales price realizations and mix ($593 million) and higher sales volumes ($75 million) were offset by higher operating costs ($245 million), higher maintenance outage costs ($1 million), higher input costs ($304 million) and higher other costs ($17 million).  North American Industrial Packaging In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales (a) $ 13,329 $ 12,450 $ 12,618 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 1,504 $ 1,757 $ 2,009 Kleen Products anti-trust settlement 354 — — Other 14 — — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 1,872 $ 1,757 $ 2,009 (a)    Includes intra-segment sales of $172 million for 2017 and $143 million for 2016. North American Industrial Packaging's   sales volumes increased in 2017 compared with 2016 reflecting higher box shipments and higher shipments of containerboard to export markets. In 2017, the business took about 416,000 tons of total downtime of which about 35,000 were economic downtime and 381,000 were maintenance downtime. The business took about 914,000 tons of total downtime in 2016 of which 445,000 were economic downtime and 469,000 were maintenance downtime. Average sales prices for boxes and average sales price realizations for containerboard in export markets were significantly higher.  Input costs were significantly higher, primarily for recycled fiber, but also for energy, chemicals and freight, while wood costs were lower.  Planned maintenance downtime costs were $5 million higher in 2017 than in 2016.  Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2018, compared with the fourth quarter of 2017, sales volumes for boxes are expected to be seasonally lower despite two more shipping days. Shipments of containerboard to export markets are also expected to decrease. Average sales price realizations should reflect the continuing realization of containerboard export price increases.  Input costs are expected to be higher for wood, energy and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime spending is expected to be about $53 million higher. Operating costs are expected to be negatively impacted by the severe winter weather conditions in the 2018 first quarter.  24 Table of Contents EMEA Industrial Packaging       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 1,334 $ 1,227 $ 1,114 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 6 $ 15 $ 13 Holmen mill net bargain purchase gain (6 ) — — Turkey Mill Closure — 7 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ — $ 22 $ 13 EMEA Industrial Packaging's  sales volumes in 2017 were higher than in 2016 reflecting improved market demand, particularly in Morocco and Turkey while sales volumes in the Eurozone were negatively impacted by poor weather conditions. Average sales margins improved due to sales price increases and a more favorable mix that more than offset higher containerboard costs and the impact of unfavorable currency translation.  Input costs for energy were higher and operating costs were negatively impacted by inflation. Entering the first quarter of 2018, compared with the fourth quarter of 2017 sales volumes are expected to be slightly lower.  Average sales margins are expected to be lower due to continuing higher containerboard prices. Operating costs will be higher due to the the conversion of the Madrid mill. Brazilian Industrial Packaging       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 251 $ 232 $ 228 Operating Profit (Loss) $ (35 ) $ (43 ) $ (163 ) Brazil Packaging goodwill and trade name impairment 10 — 137 Operating Profit Before Special Items $ (25 ) $ (43 ) $ (26 ) Brazilian Industrial Packaging's  sales volumes in 2017 increased   compared with 2016 for boxes and containerboard, reflecting improving economic conditions. Average sales price realizations were also higher. Input costs decreased, primarily for recycled fiber and wood.  Operating costs were higher largely due to the effects of inflation. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $1 million lower in 2017 compared with 2016. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2018, compared with the fourth quarter of 2017, sales volumes are expected to be higher for boxes, but lower for containerboard and sheets. Average sales margins should improve, reflecting a sales price increase for boxes.  Input costs are expected to be flat, but operating costs will be higher due to  other costs. Planned maintenance downtime costs are expected to be $1 million higher.  European Coated Paperboard       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 335 $ 327 $ 319 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 72 $ 93 $ 87   European Coated Paperboard's  sales volumes in 2017 compared with 2016 increased in Europe, but decreased in Russia. Average sales price realizations were lower in Russia while in Europe average sales margins increased reflecting higher average sales prices and a more favorable mix. Input costs for wood, energy and purchased pulp were higher. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $3 million lower in 2017.  Looking forward to the first quarter of 2018, compared with the fourth quarter of 2017, sales volumes are expected to increase in Europe, but expected to be seasonally lower in Russia. Average sales price realizations are expected to be higher in both Europe and Russia. Input costs are expected to be lower.  Planned maintenance outage costs are expected to be $5 million higher in the first quarter of 2018 due to a planned outage at the Kwidzyn mill. Asian Industrial Packaging       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ — $ 133 $ 280 Operating Profit (Loss) $ — $ (81 ) $ (8 ) Asia Packaging restructuring and impairment — 70 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ — $ (11 ) $ (8 ) On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of its corrugated packaging business in China and Southeast Asia to Xiamen Bridge Hexing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise. See  Note 7 Divestitures  on pages  53  through  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further discussion of the sale of this business.  Global Cellulose Fibers Demand for Cellulose Fibers products is closely correlated with changes in demand for absorbent hygiene products and is further affected by changes in currency rates that can benefit or hurt producers in different geographic regions. Principal cost drivers include manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs and freight costs. Global Cellulose Fibers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 2,551 $ 1,092 $ 975 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 65 $ (179 ) $ 68 Acquisition costs 33 31 — Inventory fair value step-up amortization 14 19 — Other 4 — — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 116 $ (129 ) $ 68 Global Cellulose Fibers  results include the net sales and operating profit associated with the pulp business acquired from Weyerhaeuser from the date of acquisition  25 Table of Contents on December 1, 2016. See  Note 6 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures  on pages  51  through  53  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for additional  information about the acquisition. Net sales for  2017   increased  to  $2.6 billion  compared with  $1.1 billion  in  2016  and  $975 million  in  2015 . Operating profits in  2017  were significantly higher than in  2016  and  4%   lower  than in   2015 . Comparing 2017 with 2016 for the legacy business, benefits from higher average sales price realizations and mix ($61 million), lower planned maintenance downtime costs ($39 million), lower input costs ($5 million), lower operating costs ($1 million) and lower other costs ($6 million) were offset by lower sales volumes ($5 million). The incremental operating profits from the acquired business were $117 million in 2017.  For the legacy business, sales volumes were lower. Average sales margins increased, reflecting higher sales price realizations for both fluff pulp and softwood market pulp and a favorable product mix. Input costs were slightly lower. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $39 million lower in 2017 primarily due to the non-recurrence of the 2016 costs associated with the conversion of the Riegelwood mill to 100% fluff pulp production. Operating costs were flat, while input costs were lower. In Europe and Russia, average sales margins increased significantly and planned maintenance downtime costs were $3 million lower than in 2016. Entering the first quarter of 2018, sales volumes will be lower due to capacity constraints resulting from planned maintenance downtime. Average sales price realizations are expected to be stable and product mix should be favorable. Operating costs are expected to be higher, partly due to the severe winter weather experienced in January. Input costs are expected to increase for energy, wood and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs should be $52 million higher than in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, a fourth-quarter favorable inventory valuation adjustment will not repeat. Printing Papers Demand for Printing Papers products is closely correlated with changes in commercial printing and advertising activity, direct mail volumes and, for uncoated cut-size products, with changes in white-collar employment levels that affect the usage of copy and laser printer paper. Principal cost drivers include manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs and freight costs.   Printing Papers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 4,157 $ 4,058 $ 4,056 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 457 $ 540 $ 465 Other 2 — — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 459 $ 540 $ 465 Printing Papers   net sales for  2017  of  $4.2 billion   increased   2%  compared with  $4.1 billion  in both  2016  and  2015 . Operating profits in  2017  were  15%   lower  than in  2016  and  2%   lower   than in  2015 . Comparing 2017 with 2016, benefits from higher sales volumes ($25 million), lower planned maintenance downtime costs ($15 million) and lower other costs ($12 million) were more than offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($61 million), higher operating costs ($31 million) and higher input costs ($41 million).  North American Printing Papers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 1,833 $ 1,890 $ 1,942 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 132 $ 236 $ 179 Other 2 — — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 134 $ 236 $ 179 North American Printing Papers'  sales volumes for 2017 were higher than in 2016. Average sales price realizations decreased for both cutsize paper and rolls. Average sales margins were also impacted by an unfavorable mix. Input costs were higher for energy and chemicals, partially offset by lower wood costs. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $12 million higher in 2017. Operating costs were lower. Entering the first quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be seasonally higher. Average sales margins should be relatively flat. Operating costs are expected to be higher, partly due to the severe winter weather experienced in January.  Input costs should be higher.  Planned maintenance downtime costs will increase by about $22 million in the 2018 first quarter.  Brazilian Papers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales (a) $ 972 $ 897 $ 878 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 194 $ 173 $ 186 (a)    Includes intra-segment sales of $24 million for 2017 and $5 million for 2016. 26 Table of Contents Brazilian Papers'  sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in 2017 were higher compared with 2016 reflecting improving economic conditions. Average sales price realizations increased primarily for domestic uncoated freesheet paper due to the realization of price increases implemented in 2016, while export sales price realizations also increased. Raw material costs decreased for pulp, but were partly offset by higher costs for chemicals and virgin fiber. Operating costs were lower than in 2016.   Planned maintenance downtime costs were $4 million lower. Looking ahead to 2018, compared with the fourth quarter of 2017, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in the first quarter are expected to be seasonally weaker in both domestic and export markets. Average sales price realizations should increase due to the implementation of sales price increases in both domestic and export markets.  Input costs are expected to be slightly higher for wood, chemicals and energy. Planned maintenance downtime costs are expected to be $5 million higher in the first quarter of 2018. European Papers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 1,187 $ 1,109 $ 1,064 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 136 $ 142 $ 111 European Papers'  sales volumes for uncoated freesheet   paper in 2017 were lower in Russia and about flat in Europe compared with 2016.  Average sales price realizations improved for uncoated freesheet paper following price increases implemented in 2017. Input costs were higher for wood, energy, chemicals and purchased pulp. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $22 million lower in 2017 than in 2016.  Entering 2018, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in the first quarter are expected to be stable.  Average sales price realizations are expected to be slightly lower in Russia, but higher in Europe. Input costs should be slightly lower, mainly for wood. Planned maintenance downtime costs in the first quarter of 2018 should be $8 million higher than in the fourth quarter of 2017. Indian Papers       In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 189 $ 167 $ 172 Operating Profit (Loss) $ (5 ) $ (11 ) $ (11 ) Indian Papers'  average sales price realizations in 2017 were higher than in 2016. Sales volumes also increased. Input costs were lower for wood, partially offset by higher chemical costs.  Operating costs were higher in 2017, while planned maintenance downtime costs were even with 2016. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be slightly lower than in the 2017 fourth quarter, but seasonally strong. Average sales price realizations are expected to increase.    Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes – Ilim Holding S.A. International Paper accounts for its investment in Ilim Holding S.A. (Ilim), a separate reportable industry segment, using the equity method of accounting.  The Company recorded equity earnings, net of taxes, related to Ilim of $183 million in 2017 compared with earnings of $199 million in 2016 and earnings of $131 million in 2015. Operating results recorded in 2017 included an after-tax noncash foreign exchange gain of $15 million compared with an after-tax foreign exchange gain of $25 million in 2016 and an after-tax foreign exchange loss of $75 million in 2015 primarily on the remeasurement of Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt. Sales volumes for the joint venture decreased year over year for shipments to China of softwood pulp and linerboard, but were partially offset by increased sales of hardwood pulp to China. Sales volumes in the Russian market decreased for softwood pulp and hardwood pulp, but increased for linerboard. Average sales price realizations were higher in 2017 for sales of softwood pulp, hardwood pulp and linerboard to China and other export markets. Average sales price realizations in Russian markets increased year over year for all products.  Input costs also increased in 2017 for wood, energy and fuel. Distribution costs were higher in 2017. The Company received cash dividends from the joint venture of $133 million in 2017, $58 million in 2016, and $35 million in 2015. Entering the first quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be lower than in the fourth quarter of 2017 due to the seasonal slowdown in Russia and export markets. Average sales price realizations are expected to increase for hardwood pulp, softwood pulp and linerboard to China. Input costs are expected to be lower, while distribution costs are projected to increase. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview A  major factor in International Paper’s liquidity and capital resource planning is its generation of operating cash flow, which is highly sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our major products. While changes in key cash operating costs, such as energy, raw material and transportation costs, do have an effect on operating cash generation, we believe that our focus on pricing and cost controls has improved our cash flow generation over an operating cycle. Cash uses during  2017  were primarily focused on working capital requirements, capital spending, debt reductions, pension contributions, and returning cash to shareholders. 27 Table of Contents Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash provided by operations, including discontinued operations, totaled  $1.8 billion  in  2017  compared with  $2.5 billion  for  2016  and  $2.6 billion  for  2015 . Cash used by working capital components (accounts receivable and inventory less accounts payable and accrued liabilities, interest payable and other) totaled  $402 million  in  2017 , compared with cash provided by working capital components of  $71 million  in  2016  and a cash use for working capital components of  $222 million  in  2015 . The increase in 2017 working capital is largely due to growth in receivables primarily tied to year-over-year price increases. Investment Activities Including discontinued operations, investment activities in  2017  decreased from  2016  as 2016 included the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business for  $2.2 billion  in cash, the purchase of the Holmen business for $57 million in cash, net of cash acquired, and proceeds from the sale of the Asia Packaging business of $108 million, net of cash divested. In 2015, investment activity includes  higher capital spending and the use of $198 million of cash in conjunction with the timber monetization restructuring (see  Note 12 Variable Interest Entities and Preferred Securities of Subsidiaries  on pages  63  through  64  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ).  The Company maintains an average capital spending target around depreciation and amortization levels or modestly above due to strategic plans over the course of an economic cycle. Capital spending was  $1.4 billion  in  2017 , or  98%  of depreciation and amortization, compared with  $1.3 billion  in  2016 , or  110%  of depreciation and amortization, and  $1.5 billion , or  115%  of depreciation and amortization in  2015 . Across our businesses, capital spending as a percentage of depreciation and amortization ranged from  37.5%  to  107.0%  in  2017 . The following table shows capital spending for  operations by business segment for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , excluding amounts related to discontinued operations of $111 million in 2017, $107 million in 2016 and $177 million in 2015.   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Industrial Packaging $ 836 $ 832 $ 871 Global Cellulose Fibers 188 174 129 Printing Papers 235 215 232 Subtotal 1,259 1,221 1,232 Corporate and other 21 20 78 Capital Spending $ 1,280 $ 1,241 $ 1,310 Capital expenditures in  2018  are currently expected to be about  $1.5 billion , or  111%  of depreciation and amortization.   Acquisitions and Joint Ventures See  Note 6 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures  on pages  51  through  53  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for a discussion of the Company's acquisitions. Financing Activities Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows: In millions 2017 2016 2015 Debt reductions (a) $ 993 $ 266 $ 2,151 Pre-tax early debt extinguishment costs (b) 83 29 207 (a) Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from  1.57%  to  9.38%  with original maturities from  2015  to  2030  for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Includes the  $630 million  payment for a portion of the Special Purpose Entity Liability for the year ended December 31, 2015 (see  Note 12 Variable Interest Entities ). (b) Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 2017:  Financing activities during 2017 included debt issuances of  $1.9 billion  and retirements of  $1.4 billion  for a net increase of  $483 million . International Paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. At December 31, 2017, International Paper had no interest rate swap contracts outstanding (see  Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  65  through  69  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). During 2017, the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced the effective interest rate from  5.0%  to  4.7% . In 2017, International Paper issued  $1.0 billion  of  4.35%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2048 . The proceeds from this offering, together with a combination of available cash and other borrowings, were used to make a  $1.25 billion  voluntary cash contribution to the Company's pension plan. In December 2017, International Paper received $660 million in cash proceeds from a new loan entered into as part of the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business to a subsidiary of Graphic Packing Holding Company discussed in Note 7. The Company used the cash proceeds, together with available cash, to pay down existing debt of approximately  $900 million  of notes with interest rates ranging from  1.92%  to  9.38%  and original maturities from  2018  to  2021 . Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $83 million  related to the debt repayments, including  $82 million  of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. The  $660  28 Table of Contents million  term loan was subsequently assumed by Graphic Packaging International, LLC on January 1, 2018 and is classified as Liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In June 2016, International Paper entered into a commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity of  $750 million . Under the terms of the program, individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but not exceed one year from the date of issue. Interest bearing notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating rate notes. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had  $180 million  and  $165 million , respectively, outstanding under this commercial paper program. Other financing activities during 2017 included the net issuance of approximately 1.7 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding.  Payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $47.0 million.  In October 2017, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.4625 per share to $0.4750 per share, effective for the 2017 fourth quarter. 2016:  Financing activities during 2016 included debt issuances of  $3.8 billion  and retirements of  $1.9 billion   for a net increase of  $1.9 billion .  International Paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. At December 31, 2016, International Paper had no interest rate swap contracts outstanding (see  Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  65  through  69  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). During 2016, the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps had no impact on the weighted average cost of long-term recourse debt. The inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced the effective rate from  5.3%  to  4.8% . In 2016, International Paper issued  $1.1 billion  of  3.00%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2027 , and  $1.2 billion  of  4.40%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2047 , the proceeds from which were primarily used to fund the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business. In addition, the Company repaid approximately  $266 million  of notes with an interest rate of  7.95%  and an original maturity of  2018 . Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $29 million  related to the debt repayments, including the  $31 million  of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016.   In December 2016, International Paper entered into a new  $1.5 billion  contractually committed credit facility that expires in December 2021 and has a facility fee of  0.15%  payable annually. Other financing activities during 2016 included the net repurchase of approximately 0.9 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding.  Repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $132.3 million, including $100.1 million related to shares repurchased under the Company's share repurchase program. In October 2016, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.44 per share to $0.46 per share, effective for the 2016 fourth quarter. 2015:  Financing activities during 2015 included debt issuances of  $6.9 billion  and retirements of  $6.9 billion  for a net decrease of  $74 million .  During 2015, the Company restructured the timber monetization which resulted in the use of $630 million in cash to pay down a portion of the third party bank loans and refinance the loans on nonrecourse terms. (see  Note 12 Variable Interest Entities  on pages  63  through  64  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). International Paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. At December 31, 2015, International Paper had interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $17 million and maturities in 2018 (see  Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  65  through  69  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). During 2015, existing swaps and the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps decreased the weighted average cost of debt from 5.9% to an effective rate of 5.8%. The inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced this effective rate to 5.1%. In 2015, International Paper issued $700 million of 3.80% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2026, $600 million of 5.00% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2035, and $700 million of 5.15% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2046. The proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay approximately $1.0 billion of notes with interest rates ranging from 4.75% to 9.38% and original maturities from 2018 to 2022, along with $211 million of cash premiums associated with the debt repayments. Additionally, the proceeds from this borrowing were used to make a $750 million voluntary cash contribution to the Company's pension plan. Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of $207 million related to the debt repayments, including the $211 million of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of  29 Table of Contents operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. Other financing activities during 2015 included the net repurchase of approximately 8.0 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, and the issuance of  62,000 shares of common stock for various plans, including stock option exercises that generated approximately $2.4 million of cash. Repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $604.6 million, including $522.6 million related to shares repurchased under the Company's share repurchase program. In October 2015, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.40 per share to $0.44 per share, effective for the 2015 fourth quarter. Variable Interest Entities Information concerning variable interest entities is set forth in  Note 12 Variable Interest Entities  on pages  63  through  64  of   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for discussion . Liquidity and Capital Resources Outlook for  2018   Capital Expenditures and Long-Term Debt International Paper expects to be able to meet projected capital expenditures, service existing debt and meet working capital and dividend requirements during  2018  with current cash balances and cash from operations. Additionally, the Company has existing credit facilities totaling  $2.1 billion  available at December 31, 2017. The Company will continue to rely upon debt and capital markets for the majority of any necessary long-term funding not provided by operating cash flows. Funding decisions will be guided by our capital structure planning objectives. The primary goals of the Company’s capital structure planning are to maximize financial flexibility and preserve liquidity while reducing interest expense. The majority of International Paper’s debt is accessed through global public capital markets where we have a wide base of investors. The Company was in compliance with all its debt covenants at  December 31, 2017  and was well below the thresholds stipulated under the covenants as defined in the credit agreements. Maintaining an investment grade credit rating is an important element of International Paper’s financing strategy. At  December 31, 2017 , the Company held long-term credit ratings of BBB (stable outlook) and Baa2 (stable outlook) by S&P and Moody’s, respectively.   Contractual obligations for future payments under existing debt and lease commitments and purchase obligations at  December 31, 2017 , were as follows:   In millions 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Thereafter Maturities of long-term debt (a) $ 311 $ 126 $ 164 $ 440 $ 956 $ 9,160 Lease obligations 130 102 77 53 37 141 Purchase obligations (b) 3,415 680 583 523 463 2,197 Total (c) $ 3,856 $ 908 $ 824 $ 1,016 $ 1,456 $ 11,498 (a) Total debt includes scheduled principal payments only. (b) Includes  $1.6 billion  relating to fiber supply agreements entered into at the time of the 2006 Transformation Plan forestland sales and in conjunction with the 2008 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser Company’s Containerboard, Packaging and Recycling business. Also includes $1.2 billion relating to fiber supply agreements assumed in conjunction with the 2016 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business. (c) Not included in the above table due to the uncertainty of the amount and timing of the payment are unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $134 million. We consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2017 , to be permanently reinvested and, accordingly, no U.S. income taxes have been provided thereon.  As a result of recent U.S. tax legislation, the Company is evaluating this assertion (see  Note 10 Income Taxes  on pages  57  through  60  of I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). As of  December 31, 2017 , the amount of cash associated with permanently reinvested foreign earnings was approximately $590 million. We do not anticipate the need to repatriate funds to the United States to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity needs associated with our domestic debt service requirements. Pension Obligations and Funding At  December 31, 2017 , the projected benefit obligation for the Company’s U.S. defined benefit plans determined under U.S. GAAP was approximately  $1.9 billion  higher than the fair value of plan assets. Approximately $1.5 billion of this amount relates to plans that are subject to minimum funding requirements. Under current IRS funding rules, the calculation of minimum funding requirements differs from the calculation of the present value of plan benefits(the projected benefit obligation) for accounting purposes. In December 2008, the Worker, Retiree and Employer Recovery Act of 2008 (WERA) was passed by the U.S. Congress which provided for pension funding relief and technical corrections. Funding contributions depend on the funding method selected by the Company, and the timing of its implementation, as 30 Table of Contents well as on actual demographic data and the targeted funding level. The Company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and elected to make contributions totaling  $1,250 million   and  $750 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. At this time, we do not expect to have any required contributions to our plans in  2018 , although the Company may elect to make future voluntary contributions. The timing and amount of future contributions, which could be material, will depend on a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates.   During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity contract and transfer approximately  $1.3 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations. The transaction closed on October 3, 2017 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction, at the end of 2017, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  45,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $450  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 3, 2017 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $376 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, large payments from the non-qualified pension plan also required a remeasurement as of October 2, 2017 and a non-cash settlement charge of  $7 million  was also recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017. During the first quarter of 2016, International Paper  announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity for former employees who are participants in the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. The amount of total payments under this program was approximately $1.2 billion, and were made from Plan trust assets on June 30, 2016.  Based on the level of payments made, settlement accounting rules applied and resulted in a plan remeasurement as of the June 30, 2016 payment date. As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized a pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss, after remeasurement, resulting in a $439 million non-cash charge to the Company's earnings in the second quarter of 2016.  Additional payments of $8 million and $9 million were made during the third and fourth quarters, respectively, due to mandatory cash payouts and a small lump sum payout, and the Pension Plan was subsequently remeasured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016.  As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized non-cash settlement charges of $3 million in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016.   Ilim Holding S.A. Shareholder’s Agreement In October 2007, in connection with the formation of the Ilim Holding S.A. joint venture, International Paper entered into a shareholder’s agreement that includes provisions relating to the reconciliation of disputes among the partners. This agreement provides that at any time, either the Company or its partners may commence procedures specified under the deadlock agreement. If these or any other deadlock procedures under the shareholder's agreement are commenced, although it is not obligated to do so, the Company may in certain situations choose to purchase its partners'   50%  interest in Ilim. Any such transaction would be subject to review and approval by Russian and other relevant anti-trust authorities. Based on the provisions of the agreement, the Company estimates that the current purchase price for its partners' 50% interests would be approximately $1.5 billion, which could be satisfied by payment of cash or International Paper common stock, or some combination of the two, at the Company's option. The purchase by the Company of its partners’ 50% interest in Ilim would result in the consolidation of Ilim's financial position and results of operations in all subsequent periods. The parties have informed each other that they have no current intention to commence procedures specified under the deadlock provisions of the shareholder’s agreement. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires International Paper to establish accounting policies and to make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Accounting policies whose application may have a significant effect on the reported results of operations and financial position of International Paper, and that can require judgments by management that affect their application, include the accounting for contingencies, impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and goodwill, pensions and postretirement benefit obligations, stock options and income taxes. The Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of significant estimates with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. Contingent Liabilities Accruals for contingent liabilities, including legal,  and environmental matters, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset impaired and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities accrued for legal matters require judgments  31 Table of Contents regarding projected outcomes and range of loss based on historical experience and recommendations of legal counsel. Liabilities for environmental matters require evaluations of relevant environmental regulations and estimates of future remediation alternatives and costs. We calculate our workers' compensation reserves based on estimated actuarially calculated development factors. The workers' compensation reserves are reviewed at least quarterly to determine the adequacy of the accruals and related financial statement disclosure. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, the ultimate settlement of workers' compensation reserves may differ significantly from amounts we have accrued in our consolidated financial statements. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill An impairment of a long-lived asset exists when the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and is recorded when the carrying amount is not recoverable through cash flows from future operations. A goodwill impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Assessments of possible impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill are made when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable through future operations. Additionally, testing for possible impairment of goodwill and intangible asset balances is required annually. The amount and timing of any impairment charges based on these assessments require the estimation of future cash flows and the fair market value of the related assets based on management’s best estimates of certain key factors, including future selling prices and volumes, operating, raw material, energy and freight costs, and various other projected operating economic factors. As these key factors change in future periods, the Company will update its impairment analyses to reflect its latest estimates and projections. ASU 2011-08, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other," allows entities testing goodwill for impairment the option of performing a qualitative ("Step 0") assessment before calculating the fair value of a reporting unit for the goodwill impairment test. If a Step 0 assessment is performed, an entity is no longer required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that, based on that Step 0 assessment, it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying value.  The Company performed its annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments by applying the qualitative Step 0 analysis to its reporting units as of October 1, 2017. For the current year test, the Company assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the reporting units. The results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not    that the fair values of the Company's reporting units were less than the carrying values of the reporting units. In addition, the Company considered whether there were any events or circumstances subsequent to the annual test that would reduce the fair value of its reporting units below their carrying amounts and necessitate another goodwill impairment test. In consideration of all relevant factors, there were no indicators that would require goodwill impairment subsequent to October 1, 2017. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2017 or 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for goodwill impairment, the Company calculated the estimated fair value of its Brazil Packaging business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill in the business, totaling $137 million, should be written off. The decline in the fair value of the Brazil Packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash flows of the business caused by the continued decline of the overall Brazilian economy. Pension and Postretirement Benefit Obligations The charges recorded for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are determined annually in conjunction with International Paper’s consulting actuary, and are dependent upon various assumptions including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future compensation increases, health care cost trend rates and mortality rates. The calculations of pension and postretirement benefit obligations and expenses require decisions about a number of key assumptions that can significantly affect liability and expense amounts, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate used to calculate plan liabilities, the projected rate of future compensation increases and health care cost trend rates. Benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets as of  December 31, 2017 , for International Paper’s pension and postretirement plans were as follows:   In millions Benefit Obligation Fair Value of Plan Assets U.S. qualified pension $ 12,895 $ 11,368 U.S. nonqualified pension 369 — U.S. postretirement 270 — Non-U.S. pension 247 176 Non-U.S. postretirement 25 — 32 Table of Contents The table below shows assumptions used by  International Paper to calculate U.S. pension obligations for the years shown:   2017 2016 2015 Discount rate 3.60 % 4.10 % 4.40 % Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % Additionally, health care cost trend rates and other assumptions used in the calculation of U.S. postretirement obligations for the years shown were:   2017 2016 Discount rate 3.50 % 4.00 % Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 6.50 % 6.50 % Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 5.00 % 5.00 % Year that the rate reaches the rate it is assumed to remain 2022 2022 International Paper determines these actuarial assumptions, after consultation with our actuaries, on December 31 of each year to calculate liability information as of that date and pension and postretirement expense for the following year. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. The discount rate assumption was determined based on a hypothetical settlement portfolio selected from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. The expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension plan assets used to determine net periodic cost for the year ended  December 31, 2017  was  7.50% . Increasing (decreasing) the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets by an additional  0.25 % would decrease (increase)  2018  pension expense by approximately  $27 million , while a (decrease) increase of  0.25 % in the discount rate would (increase) decrease pension expense by approximately  $35 million . The effect on net postretirement benefit cost from a  1%  increase or decrease in the annual health care cost trend rate would be approximately  $1 million . Actual rates of return earned on U.S. pension plan assets for each of the last 10 years were:   Year Return Year Return 2017 19.3 % 2012 14.1  % 2016 7.1 % 2011 2.5  % 2015 1.3 % 2010 15.1  % 2014 6.4 % 2009 23.8  % 2013 14.1 % 2008 (23.6 )% The 2012, 2013 and 2014 returns above represent weighted averages of International Paper and Temple-Inland asset returns. International Paper and Temple-   Inland assets were combined in October 2014. The annualized time-weighted rate of return earned on U.S. pension plan assets was  9.4%  and  7.2%  for the past five and ten years, respectively. The following graph shows the growth of a $1,000 investment in International Paper’s U.S. Pension Plan Master Trust. The graph portrays the time-weighted rate of return from 2007 – 2017. ASC 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and losses, including amounts arising from changes in the estimated projected plan benefit obligation due to changes in the assumed discount rate, differences between the actual and expected return on plan assets, and other assumption changes. These net gains and losses are recognized in pension expense prospectively over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains and losses in subsequent years. The estimated net loss and prior service cost that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic pension cost for the U.S. pension plans over the next fiscal year are  $327 million  and  $17 million , respectively. Net periodic pension and postretirement plan expenses, calculated for all of International Paper’s plans, were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Pension expense       U.S. plans (non-cash) $ 717 $ 809 $461 $387 $545 Non-U.S. plans 5 4 6 — 5 Postretirement expense       U.S. plans 17 13 8 7 (1 ) Non-U.S. plans 1 1 5 7 7 Net expense $ 740 $ 827 $480 $401 $556 The decrease in  2017  U.S. pension expense  reflects lower settlement losses and lower actuarial losses partially offset by lower asset returns due to the annuity purchase as well as curtailment and special termination benefit charges. 33 Table of Contents Assuming that discount rates, expected long-term returns on plan assets and rates of future compensation increases remain the same as of December 31,  2017 , projected future net periodic pension and postretirement plan expenses would be as follows:   In millions 2019 2018 Pension expense     U.S. plans (non-cash) $ 30 $ 167 Non-U.S. plans 5 4 Postretirement expense     U.S. plans 14 16 Non-U.S. plans 1 1 Net expense $ 50 $ 188 The Company estimates that it will record net pension expense of approximately  $167 million  for its U.S. defined benefit plans in  2018 , compared to expense of  $717 million  in  2017 . The 2017 expense includes  $45 million  of curtailment and special pension benefits associated with the North American Consumer Packaging business and  $383 million  of settlement accounting charges. Excluding these settlement charges and curtailment and special pension benefits, the estimated decrease in net pension expense in 2018 is primarily due to lower interest cost on the reduced pension obligation and a higher expected return on assets associated with the increased pension asset balance. The market value of plan assets for International Paper’s U.S. qualified pension plan at  December 31, 2017  totaled approximately  $11.4 billion , consisting of approximately  49%  equity securities,  36%  debt securities,   10%  real estate and  5%  other assets.  The Company’s funding policy for its qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the Company may determine to be appropriate considering the funded status of the plan, tax deductibility, the cash flows generated by the Company, and other factors. The Company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and could elect to make voluntary contributions in the future. There are no required contributions to the U.S. qualified plan in 2018. The nonqualified defined benefit plans are funded to the extent of benefit payments, which totaled  $40 million  for the year ended  December 31, 2017 . Income Taxes International Paper records its global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which it operates. Where the Company believes that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in its income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, liabilities are recorded based upon the Company’s evaluation of the “more likely than not” outcome considering technical merits of the position based on   specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. Changes to recorded liabilities are only made when an identifiable event occurs that changes the likely outcome, such as settlement with the relevant tax authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the subject tax year, change in tax laws, or a recent court case that addresses the matter. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the need for and magnitude of appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. The realization of these assets is dependent on generating future taxable income, as well as successful implementation of various tax planning strategies. While International Paper believes that these judgments and estimates are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may differ from recorded estimated amounts. The Company’s effective income tax rates, before equity earnings and discontinued operations, were  (128)% ,  24%  and  37%  for  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. The income tax benefit in 2017 was primarily driven by the recent U.S. tax legislation in December 2017 (see  Note 10 Income Taxes  on pages  57  through  60  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). These effective tax rates include the tax effects of certain special items that can significantly affect the effective income tax rate in a given year, but may not recur in subsequent years. Management believes that the effective tax rate computed after excluding these special items may provide a better estimate of the rate that might be expected in future years if no additional special items were to occur. However, as a result of recent U.S. tax legislation, which includes a reduction of the U.S. income tax rate from 35% to 21%, we will have a lower worldwide effective income tax rate going forward. Excluding these special items, the effective income tax rate for  2017  was  30%  of pre-tax earnings compared with  32%  in  2016  and  33%  in  2015 .  We estimate that the  2018  effective income tax rate will be approximately 25-27% based on expected earnings and business conditions. Business Combinations The Company’s acquisitions of businesses are accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, "Business Combinations" ,  as amended .  We allocate the total consideration of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value as of the business combination date. In developing estimates of fair values for long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets, the Company utilizes a variety of inputs including forecasted cash flows, anticipated growth rates, discount rates, estimated replacement costs and depreciation and obsolescence factors. Determining the fair value for specifically identified intangible assets such  34 Table of Contents as customer lists and developed technology involves judgment. We may refine  our estimates and make adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed over a measurement period, not to exceed one year. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings. Subsequent actual results of the underlying business activity supporting the specifically identified intangible assets could change, requiring us to record impairment charges or adjust their economic lives in future periods. RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS See  Note 2 Recent Accounting Developments  on pages  48  through  49  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information concerning the Company’s environmental and legal proceedings is set forth in  Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies  on pages  60  through  63  of  Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . EFFECT OF INFLATION While inflationary increases in certain input costs, such as energy, wood fiber and chemical costs, have an impact on the Company’s operating results, changes in general inflation have had minimal impact on our operating results in each of the last three years. Sales prices and volumes are more strongly influenced by economic supply and demand factors in specific markets and by exchange rate fluctuations than by inflationary factors. FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS International Paper has operations in a number of countries. Its operations in those countries also export to, and compete with, imports from other regions. As such, currency movements can have a number of direct and indirect impacts on the Company’s financial statements. Direct impacts include the translation of international operations’ local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars and the remeasurement impact associated with non-functional currency financial assets and liabilities. Indirect impacts include the change in competitiveness of imports into, and exports out of, the United States (and the impact on local currency pricing of products that are traded internationally). In general, a weaker U.S. dollar and stronger local currency is beneficial to International Paper. The currencies that have the most impact are the Euro, the Brazilian real, the Polish zloty and the Russian ruble.   MARKET RISK We use financial instruments, including fixed and variable rate debt, to finance operations, for capital spending programs and for general corporate purposes. Additionally, financial instruments, including various derivative contracts, are used to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and foreign currency risks. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes. Information related to International Paper’s debt obligations is included in  Note 13 Debt and Lines of Credit  on pages  64  and  65  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . A discussion of derivatives and hedging activities is included in  Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  65  through  69  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The fair value of our debt and financial instruments varies due to changes in market interest and foreign currency rates and commodity prices since the inception of the related instruments. We assess this market risk utilizing a sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential loss in earnings, fair values and cash flows based on a hypothetical 10% change (increase and decrease) in interest and currency rates and commodity prices. Interest Rate Risk Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to short- and long-term debt obligations and investments in marketable securities. We invest in investment-grade securities of financial institutions and money market mutual funds with a minimum rating of AAA and limit exposure to any one issuer or fund. Our investments in marketable securities at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  are stated at cost, which approximates market due to their short-term nature. Our interest rate risk exposure related to these investments was not material. We issue fixed and floating rate debt in a proportion that management deems appropriate based on current and projected market conditions. Derivative instruments, such as, interest rate swaps, may be used to execute this strategy. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the fair value of the net liability of financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately  $11.1 billion  and  $11.3 billion , respectively. The potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse shift in quoted interest rates would have been approximately  $679 million  and  $623 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. 35 Table of Contents Commodity Price Risk The objective of our commodity exposure management is to minimize volatility in earnings due to large fluctuations in the price of commodities. Commodity swap or forward purchase contracts may be used to manage risks associated with market fluctuations in energy prices. The net fair value of such outstanding energy hedge contract at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  was approximately a  $8 million  and a  $2 million  liability, respectively. The potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse change in the underlying commodity prices would have been approximately   $1 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. Foreign Currency Risk International Paper transacts business in many currencies and is also subject to currency exchange rate risk through investments and businesses owned and operated in foreign countries. Our objective in managing the associated foreign currency risks is to minimize the effect of adverse exchange rate fluctuations on our after-tax cash flows. We address these risks on a limited basis by entering into cross-currency and interest rate swaps, or foreign exchange contracts. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the net fair value of financial instruments with exposure to foreign currency risk was approximately a  $10 million  asset and a  $1 million  liability, respectively. The potential loss in fair value for such financial instruments from a 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would have been approximately  $29 million  and  $23 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.   ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK See the preceding discussion and  Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  65  through  69  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 36 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON: Financial Statements The management of International Paper Company is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in this annual report and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America considered appropriate in the circumstances to present fairly the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows on a consistent basis. Management has also prepared the other information in this annual report and is responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated financial statements. As can be expected in a complex and dynamic business environment, some financial statement amounts are based on estimates and judgments. Even though estimates and judgments are used, measures have been taken to provide reasonable assurance of the integrity and reliability of the financial information contained in this annual report. We have formed a Disclosure Committee to oversee this process. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. During its audits, Deloitte & Touche LLP was given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of stockholders and the board of directors and all committees of the board. Management believes that all representations made to the independent auditors during their audits were valid and appropriate. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of International Paper Company is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes. All internal control systems have inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumvention and overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives. The Company’s internal control system is    supported by written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified. The Company has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 . In making this assessment, it used the criteria described in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of  December 31, 2017 , the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The report appears on pages  39  and  40 . Internal Control Environment And Board Of Directors Oversight Our internal control environment includes an enterprise-wide attitude of integrity and control consciousness that establishes a positive “tone at the top.” This is exemplified by our ethics program that includes long-standing principles and policies on ethical business conduct that require employees to maintain the highest ethical and legal standards in the conduct of International Paper business, which have been distributed to all employees; a toll-free telephone helpline whereby any employee may anonymously report suspected violations of law or International Paper’s policy; and an office of ethics and business practice. The internal control system further includes careful selection and training of supervisory and management personnel, appropriate delegation of authority and division of responsibility, dissemination of accounting and business policies throughout International Paper, and an extensive program of internal audits with management follow-up. The Board of Directors, assisted by the Audit and Finance Committee (Committee), monitors the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and financial reporting procedures, the performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent auditors, and other matters set forth in its charter. The Committee, which consists of independent directors, meets regularly with representatives of management, and with the independent auditors and the Internal Auditor, with and without management representatives in attendance, to review their activities. The Committee’s Charter takes into account the New York Stock Exchange rules relating to Audit Committees and the SEC rules and regulations promulgated as a result of  37 Table of Contents the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Committee has reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  December 31, 2017 , including critical accounting policies and significant management judgments, with management and the independent auditors. The Committee’s report recommending the inclusion of such financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be set forth in our Proxy Statement.   MARK S. SUTTON CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   GLENN R. LANDAU SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 38 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of International Paper Company:  Opinion on the Financial Statements  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of International Paper Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the    financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Memphis, Tennessee February 22, 2018   We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM, ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of International Paper Company: Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of International Paper Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.   We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017 of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule.  Basis for Opinion The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is  39 Table of Contents to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Memphis, Tennessee February 22, 2018   40 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   In millions, except per share amounts, for the years ended December 31 2017 2016 2015 NET SALES $ 21,743 $ 19,495 $ 20,675 COSTS AND EXPENSES       Cost of products sold  15,300 14,057 14,313 Selling and administrative expenses 1,653 1,484 1,539 Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber harvested 1,343 1,124 1,167 Distribution expenses 1,434 1,237 1,248 Taxes other than payroll and income taxes 169 154 158 Restructuring and other charges 67 54 252 Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles — — 137 Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses 9 70 174 Litigation settlement 354 — — Net bargain purchase gain on acquisition of business (6 ) — — Interest expense, net 572 520 555 EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY EARNINGS (LOSSES) 848 795 1,132 Income tax provision (benefit) (1,085 ) 193 417 Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes 177 198 117 EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 2,110 800 832 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 34 102 85 NET EARNINGS (LOSS) 2,144 902 917 Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests — (2 ) (21 ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY $ 2,144 $ 904 $ 938 BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 5.11 $ 1.95 $ 2.05 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.08 0.25 0.20 Net earnings (loss) $ 5.19 $ 2.20 $ 2.25 DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 5.05 $ 1.93 $ 2.03 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.08 0.25 0.20 Net earnings (loss) $ 5.13 $ 2.18 $ 2.23 AMOUNTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 2,110 $ 802 $ 853 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 34 102 85 Net earnings (loss) $ 2,144 $ 904 $ 938   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 41 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) In millions for the years ended December 31 2017 2016 2015 NET EARNINGS (LOSS) $ 2,144 $ 902 $ 917 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX       Amortization of pension and postretirement prior service costs and net loss:       U.S. plans (less tax of $280, $343 and $186) 486 545 296 Pension and postretirement liability adjustments:       U.S. plans (less tax of $69, $283 and $206) 56 (451 ) (329 ) Non-U.S. plans (less tax of $1, $4 and $0) 3 3 (2 ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment 177 260 (1,042 ) Net gains/losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:       Net gains (losses) arising during the period (less tax of $4, $3 and $3) 15 (6 ) (3 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net earnings (less tax of $2, $3 and $8) (7 ) (7 ) 12 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX 730 344 (1,068 ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) 2,874 1,246 (151 ) Net (Earnings) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests — 2 21 Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests (1 ) 2 6 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY $ 2,873 $ 1,250 $ (124 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 42 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET     In millions, except per share amounts, at December 31 2017 2016 ASSETS     Current Assets     Cash and temporary investments $ 1,018 $ 1,033 Accounts and notes receivable, less allowances of $73 in 2017 and $70 in 2016 3,287 2,852 Inventories 2,313 2,233 Assets held for sale 1,377 361 Other current assets 282 191 Total Current Assets 8,277 6,670 Plants, Properties and Equipment, net 13,265 13,003 Forestlands 448 456 Investments 390 360 Financial Assets of Special Purpose Entities (Note 12) 7,051 7,033 Long-Term Assets Held for Sale — 1,018 Goodwill 3,411 3,364 Deferred Charges and Other Assets 1,061 1,189 TOTAL ASSETS $ 33,903 $ 33,093 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY     Current Liabilities     Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt $ 311 $ 239 Accounts payable 2,458 2,199 Accrued payroll and benefits 485 401 Liabilities held for sale 805 161 Other accrued liabilities 1,043 1,069 Total Current Liabilities 5,102 4,069 Long-Term Liabilities Held for Sale — 8 Long-Term Debt 10,846 11,075 Nonrecourse Financial  Liabilities of Special Purpose Entities (Note 12) 6,291 6,284 Deferred Income Taxes 2,291 3,127 Pension Benefit Obligation 1,939 3,400 Postretirement and Postemployment Benefit Obligation 326 330 Other Liabilities 567 441 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 11) Equity     Common stock $1 par value, 2017  - 448.9 shares & 2016 – 448.9 shares 449 449 Paid-in capital 6,206 6,189 Retained earnings 6,180 4,818 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,633 ) (5,362 )   8,202 6,094 Less: Common stock held in treasury, at cost, 2017 – 35.975 shares and 2016 – 37.671 shares 1,680 1,753 Total International Paper Shareholders’ Equity 6,522 4,341 Noncontrolling interests 19 18 Total Equity 6,541 4,359 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 33,903 $ 33,093   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 43 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   In millions for the years ended December 31 2017 2016 2015 OPERATING ACTIVITIES       Net earnings (loss)  $ 2,144 $ 902 $ 917 Depreciation, amortization, and cost of timber harvested 1,423 1,227 1,294 Deferred income tax provision (benefit), net (1,113 ) 136 281 Restructuring and other charges 67 54 252 Pension plan contribution (1,250 ) (750 ) (750 ) Periodic pension expense, net 717 809 461 Net bargain purchase gain on acquisition of business (6 ) — — Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses 9 70 174 Ilim dividends received 133 58 35 Equity (earnings) losses, net of taxes (177 ) (198 ) (117 ) Impairment of goodwill and other intangible  assets — — 137 Other, net 212 99 118 Changes in current assets and liabilities       Accounts and notes receivable (370 ) (94 ) 7 Inventories (87 ) 11 (131 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 114 98 (89 ) Interest payable 1 41 (17 ) Other (60 ) 15 8 CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 1,757 2,478 2,580 INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES       Invested in capital projects (1,391 ) (1,348 ) (1,487 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (45 ) (2,228 ) — Proceeds from divestitures 4 108 23 Investment in Special Purpose Entities — — (198 ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 26 19 37 Other 15 (49 ) (114 ) CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (1,391 ) (3,498 ) (1,739 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES       Repurchase of common stock and payments of restricted stock tax withholding (47 ) (132 ) (605 ) Issuance of common stock — — 2 Issuance of debt 1,907 3,830 6,873 Reduction of debt (1,424 ) (1,938 ) (6,947 ) Change in book overdrafts 26 — (14 ) Dividends paid (769 ) (733 ) (685 ) Debt tender premiums paid (84 ) (31 ) (211 ) Other (8 ) (14 ) (14 ) CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (399 ) 982 (1,601 ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 18 21 (71 ) Change in Cash and Temporary Investments (15 ) (17 ) (831 ) Cash and Temporary Investments       Beginning of the period 1,033 1,050 1,881 End of the period $ 1,018 $ 1,033 $ 1,050   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 44 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY In millions Common Stock Issued Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total International Paper Shareholders’ Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2015 $ 449 $ 6,245 $ 4,409 $ (4,646 ) $ 1,342 $ 5,115 $ 148 $ 5,263 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — 35 — — (198 ) 233 — 233 Repurchase of stock — — — — 605 (605 ) — (605 ) Dividends — — (698 ) — — (698 ) — (698 ) Transactions of equity method investees — (37 ) — — — (37 ) — (37 ) Divestiture of noncontrolling interests — — — — — — (96 ) (96 ) Comprehensive income (loss) — — 938 (1,062 ) — (124 ) (27 ) (151 ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2015 449 6,243 4,649 (5,708 ) 1,749 3,884 25 3,909 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (6 ) — — (128 ) 122 — 122 Repurchase of stock — — — — 132 (132 ) — (132 ) Dividends — — (743 ) — — (743 ) — (743 ) Transactions of equity method investees — (48 ) — — — (48 ) — (48 ) Divestiture of noncontrolling interests — — — — — — (3 ) (3 ) Other — — 8 — — 8 — 8 Comprehensive income (loss) — — 904 346 — 1,250 (4 ) 1,246 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2016 449 6,189 4,818 (5,362 ) 1,753 4,341 18 4,359 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — 42 — — (120 ) 162 — 162 Repurchase of stock — — — — 47 (47 ) — (47 ) Dividends — — (782 ) — — (782 ) — (782 ) Transactions of equity method investees — (25 ) — — — (25 ) — (25 ) Comprehensive income (loss) — — 2,144 729 — 2,873 1 2,874 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2017 $ 449 $ 6,206 $ 6,180 $ (4,633 ) $ 1,680 $ 6,522 $ 19 $ 6,541 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 45 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES NATURE OF BUSINESS International Paper (the Company) is a global paper and packaging company with primary markets and manufacturing operations in North America, Europe, Latin America, North Africa, India and Russia. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to available industry capacity and general economic conditions. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States that require the use of management’s estimates. Actual results could differ from management’s estimates. Prior-period amounts have been adjusted to conform with current year presentation. On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the previously announced transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. The Company received a  20.5%  ownership interest in a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company that holds the assets of the combined business. As a result of this transfer, all current and prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business as a discontinued operation. See  Note 7  for further discussion. CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of International Paper and its wholly-owned, controlled majority-owned and financially controlled subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. Investments in affiliated companies where the Company has significant influence over their operations are accounted for by the equity method. International Paper’s share of affiliates’ results of operations totaled earnings (loss) of  $177 million ,   $198 million  and  $117 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue is recognized when the customer takes title and assumes the risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue is recorded at the time of shipment for terms designated f.o.b. (free on board) shipping point. For sales    transactions designated f.o.b. destination, revenue is recorded when the product is delivered to the customer’s delivery site, when title and risk of loss are transferred. Timber and forestland sales revenue is generally recognized when title and risk of loss pass to the buyer. SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS Shipping and handling costs, such as freight to our customers’ destinations, are included in distribution expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. When shipping and handling costs are included in the sales price charged for our products, they are recognized in net sales. ANNUAL MAINTENANCE COSTS Costs for repair and maintenance activities are expensed in the month that the related activity is performed under the direct expense method of accounting. TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS Temporary investments with an original maturity of three months or less are treated as cash equivalents and are stated at cost, which approximates market value. INVENTORIES Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value and include all costs directly associated with manufacturing products: materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. In the United States, costs of raw materials and finished pulp and paper products, are generally determined using the last-in, first-out method. Other inventories are valued using the first-in, first-out or average cost methods. PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT Plants, properties and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for betterments are capitalized, whereas normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The units-of-production method of depreciation is used for pulp and paper mills, and the straight-line method is used for other plants and equipment.  GOODWILL Annual testing for possible goodwill impairment is performed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year, with additional interim testing performed when management believes that it is more likely than not events or circumstances have occurred that would result in the impairment of a reporting unit’s goodwill. The Company has the option to assess goodwill for impairment by first performing a qualitative ("Step 0")  assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its  46 Table of Contents carrying amount. If the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amounts, then the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required to be performed. If the company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, or if the Company does not elect the option to perform an initial qualitative assessment, the Company performs the two-step goodwill impairment test. In performing this testing, the Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using the projected future cash flows to be generated by each unit, discounted for each reporting unit. These estimated fair values are then analyzed for reasonableness by comparing them to historic market transactions for businesses in the industry, and by comparing the sum of the reporting unit fair values and other corporate assets and liabilities divided by diluted common shares outstanding to the Company’s traded stock price on the testing date. For reporting units whose recorded value of net assets plus goodwill is in excess of their estimated fair values, the fair values of the individual assets and liabilities of the respective reporting units are then determined to calculate the amount of any goodwill impairment charge required, if any.  The Company performed its annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments by applying the qualitative Step 0 analysis to its reporting units as of October 1, 2017. For the current year test, the Company assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the reporting units. The results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the Company's reporting units were less than the carrying values of the reporting units. In addition, the Company considered whether there were any events or circumstances subsequent to the annual test that would reduce the fair value of its reporting units below their carrying amounts and necessitate another goodwill impairment test. In consideration of all relevant factors, there were no indicators that would require goodwill impairment subsequent to October 1, 2017. See  Note 9  for further discussion. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable, measured by comparing their net book value to the undiscounted projected future cash flows generated by their use. Impaired assets are recorded at their estimated fair value.  INCOME TAXES International Paper uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes whereby deferred income taxes are recorded for the future tax consequences    attributable to differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are remeasured to reflect new tax rates in the periods rate changes are enacted. International Paper records its worldwide tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which it operates. Where the Company believes that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in its income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, liabilities are recorded based upon the Company’s evaluation of the “more likely than not” outcome considering the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and the facts of each matter. Changes to recorded liabilities are made only when an identifiable event occurs that changes the likely outcome, such as settlement with the relevant tax authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the subject tax year, a change in tax laws, or a recent court case that addresses the matter. While the judgments and estimates made by the Company are based on management’s evaluation of the technical merits of a matter, assisted as necessary by consultation with outside consultants, historical experience and other assumptions that management believes are appropriate and reasonable under current circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may differ from recorded estimated amounts, resulting in adjustments that could materially affect future financial statements. ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS Costs associated with environmental remediation obligations are accrued when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value when the amount and timing of expected cash payments are reliably estimable. TRANSLATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Balance sheets of international operations are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, while statements of operations are translated at average rates. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as cumulative translation adjustments in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 47 Table of Contents NOTE 2 RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS Other than as described below, no new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year has had or is expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, "Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income." This guidance gives entities the option to reclassify stranded tax effects caused by the newly-enacted U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities." The objective of this new guidance is the improvement of the financial reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity's risk management activities in its financial statements. In addition to that main objective, the amendments in this guidance make certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of the hedge accounting guidance in current GAAP. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company early adopted the provisions of this guidance effective January 1, 2018, with no material impact on the financial statements. RETIREMENT BENEFITS In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, "Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Costs and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost." Under this new guidance, employers will present the service costs component of the net periodic benefit cost in the same income statement line item(s) as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period. In addition, only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization in assets. Employers will present the other components separately from the Line item(s) that includes the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income. In addition, disclosure of the Line(s) used to present the other components of net periodic benefit cost will be required if the components are not presented separately in the income statement. This guidance is effective for    annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual period for which financial statement (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance. The Company adopted the provisions of the guidance on January 1, 2018, using the retrospective method. The adoption resulted in a change in our adjusted operating profit (used to measure the earnings performance of the Company's business segments), which is offset by a corresponding change in non-operating pension expense to reflect the impact of presenting the amortization of the prior service cost component of net periodic pension expense outside of operating income. This guidance had no impact on our statements of financial position or cash flows. INTANGIBLES In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment." This guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 of today's goodwill impairment test to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead, entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting   unit's carrying amount over its fair value. This guidance should be applied prospectively and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, for any impairment test performed in 2020. Early adoption is permitted for annual and interim goodwill impairment testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance; however, we do not anticipate adoption having a material impact on the financial statements. INCOME TAXES In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory." This ASU requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets other than inventory in the period in which the transfer occurs rather than defer the income tax effects which is current practice. This new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. The guidance requires companies to apply a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative catch-up adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will result in a material impact on the financial statements. STOCK COMPENSATION In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): "Scope of Modification Accounting." This guidance  48 Table of Contents clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must be accounted for as modifications. Under this guidance, entities will apply the modification accounting guidance if the value, vesting conditions or classification of the award changes. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted, including in any interim period. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance on January 1, 2018, with no material impact on the financial statements. LEASES In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases Topic (842): "Leases." This ASU will require most leases to be recognized on the balance sheet which will increase reported assets and liabilities. Lessor accounting will remain substantially similar to current U.S. GAAP. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years, and mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities. The Company expects to adopt this guidance using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We expect to recognize a liability and corresponding asset associated with in-scope operating and finance leases but we are still in the process of determining those amounts and the processes required to account for leasing activity on an ongoing basis. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, "Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Clarifying the Definition of a Business." Under the new guidance, an entity must first determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the set of transferred assets and activities is not a business. If this threshold is not met, the entity then evaluates whether the set meets the requirement that a business include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance on January 1, 2018 with no material impact on the financial statements.   REVENUE RECOGNITION In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." This guidance replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance and provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This ASU was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method; however, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which defers the effective date by one year making the guidance effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The FASB has continued to clarify this guidance in various updates during 2015 and 2016, all of which, have the same effective date as the original guidance. We have evaluated the impact of ASU 2014-09 and all related ASUs on our consolidated financial statements. The Company's transition team, including representatives from all of our business segments, has finalized its review and analysis of the impact of the standard on our revenue contracts. Surveys were developed and reviews of customer contracts were performed in order to gather information and identify areas of the Company's business where potential differences could result in applying the requirements of the new standard to its revenue contracts. The results of the surveys, contract reviews and legal analysis indicate that the adoption of the standard will require acceleration of revenue for products produced by the Company without an alternative future use and where the Company has a legally enforceable right of payment for production of products completed to date. The Company adopted the new revenue guidance effective January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective transition method. Due to the repetitive nature of our sales, we do not expect the impact of this acceleration to significantly alter our reported sales over time. In addition, we do not expect the net impact of adoption to have a material impact on our consolidated results.  49 Table of Contents NOTE 3 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed assuming that all potentially dilutive securities were converted into common shares. There are no adjustments required to be made to net income for purposes of computing basic and diluted EPS.   A reconciliation of the amounts included in the computation of basic earnings (loss) per share from  continuing operations, and diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations is as follows:   In millions, except per share amounts 2017   2016   2015 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to International Paper common shareholders $ 2,110   $ 802   $ 853 Weighted average common shares outstanding 412.7   411.1   417.4 Effect of dilutive securities:           Restricted performance share plan 5.0   4.5   3.2 Weighted average common shares outstanding  – assuming dilution 417.7   415.6   420.6 Basic earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations $ 5.11   $ 1.95   $ 2.05 Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations $ 5.05   $ 1.93   $ 2.03 NOTE 4 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   The following table presents changes in AOCI, net of tax, reported in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31: In millions 2017 2016 2015 Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Adjustments       Balance at beginning of period $ (3,072 ) $ (3,169 ) $ (3,134 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 59 (448 ) (331 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 486 545 296 Balance at end of period (2,527 ) (3,072 ) (3,169 ) Change in Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments        Balance at beginning of period (2,287 ) (2,549 ) (1,513 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 178 263 (1,002 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1 ) (3 ) (40 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest (1 ) 2 6 Balance at end of period (2,111 ) (2,287 ) (2,549 ) Net Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedging Derivatives       Balance at beginning of period (3 ) 10 1 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 15 (6 ) (3 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (7 ) (7 ) 12 Balance at end of period 5 (3 ) 10 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) at End of Period $ (4,633 ) $ (5,362 ) $ (5,708 ) 50 Table of Contents Reclassifications out of AOCI for the three years ended December 31 were as follows:   Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   Location of Amount Reclassified from AOCI 2017 2016 2015   In millions           Defined benefit pension and postretirement items:           Prior-service costs $ (33 ) $ (37 ) $ (33 ) (a) Cost of products sold Actuarial gains/(losses) (733 ) (851 ) (449 ) (a) Cost of products sold Total pre-tax amount (766 ) (888 ) (482 )     Tax (expense)/benefit 280 343 186     Net of tax (486 ) (545 ) (296 )     Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments:           Business acquisitions/divestiture 1 3 40   Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses Tax (expense)/benefit — — —     Net of tax 1 3 40     Net gains and losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:           Foreign exchange contracts 9 10 (20 ) (b) Cost of products sold Total pre-tax amount 9 10 (20 )     Tax (expense)/benefit (2 ) (3 ) 8     Net of tax 7 7 (12 )     Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax $ (478 ) $ (535 ) $ (268 )     (a)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see  Note 16  for additional details). (b)  This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in our derivatives and hedging activities (see  Note 14  for additional details). NOTE 5 RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND OTHER ITEMS 2017:  During 2017, restructuring and other charges totaling  $67 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2017 Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)   $ 83 Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   (14 ) Other   (2 ) Total   $ 67 2016:  During 2016, total restructuring and other charges of  $54 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2016 Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)   $ 29 India packaging evaluation write-off   17 Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical   (8 ) Riegelwood mill conversion costs (a)   9 Turkey mill closure (b)   7 Total   $ 54 (a) Includes  $3 million  of accelerated depreciation,  $3 million  of inventory write-off charges and  $3 million  of other charges.   (b) Includes  $4 million  of accelerated depreciation and  $3 million  of severance charges which is related to  85  employees. 2015:  During 2015, total restructuring and other charges of  $252 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2015 Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)   $ 207 Timber monetization restructuring   16 Legal liability reserve adjustment   15 Riegelwood mill conversion costs net of proceeds from the sale of Carolina Coated Bristols brand (a)   8 Other   6 Total   $ 252 (a) Includes  $5 million  of severance charges, which is related to  69  employees,  $24 million  of accelerated depreciation, sale proceeds of  $22 million  and  $1 million  of other charges. NOTE 6 ACQUISITIONS AND JOINT VENTURES TANGIER, MOROCCO FACILITY 2017:  On June 30, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of Europac's Tangier, Morocco facility, a corrugated packaging facility, for  €40 million  (approximately  $46 million  using the June 30, 2017 exchange rate). After working capital and other post- 51 Table of Contents close adjustments, final consideration exchanged was   €33 million  (approximately  $38 million  using the June 30, 2017 exchange rate).  The following table summarizes the provisional fair value assigned to assets and liabilities acquired as of June 30, 2017: In millions June 30, 2017 Cash and temporary investments $ 1 Accounts and notes receivable 7 Inventory 3 Plants, properties and equipment 32 Goodwill 4 Other intangible assets 5 Deferred charges and other assets 4 Total assets acquired 56 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 5 Long-term debt 11 Other long-term liabilities 2 Total liabilities assumed 18 Net assets acquired $ 38 Adjustments, if any, to provisional amounts will be finalized within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date. Since the date of acquisition, Net sales of  $6 million  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $(1) million  from the acquired business have been included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017. Pro forma information related to the acquisition of the Europac business has not been included as it is impractical to obtain the information due to the lack of availability of financial data and does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations. WEYERHAEUSER PULP BUSINESS 2016:  On December 1, 2016, the Company finalized the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business for approximately  $2.2 billion  in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments. Under the terms of the agreement, International Paper acquired  four  fluff pulp mills,  one  northern bleached softwood kraft mill and  two  converting facilities of modified fiber, located in the United States, Canada and Poland. The following table summarizes the final fair values assigned to assets and liabilities acquired as of December 1, 2016:   In millions December 1, 2016 Cash and temporary investments $ 12 Accounts and notes receivable 195 Inventory 238 Other current assets 11 Plants, properties and equipment 1,711 Goodwill 52 Other intangible assets 212 Deferred charges and other assets 6 Total assets acquired 2,437 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 114 Long-term debt 104 Other long-term liabilities 28 Total liabilities assumed 246 Net assets acquired $ 2,191 In connection with the allocation of fair value, inventories were written up by  $33 million  to their estimated fair value. During 2017 and 2016,  $14 million  before taxes ( $8 million  after taxes) and  $19 million  before taxes ( $12 million  after taxes), respectively, were expensed to Cost of products sold as the related inventory was sold. Since the date of acquisition, Net sales of  $111 million  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $(21) million  from the acquired business are included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. Additionally, Selling and administrative expenses for 2016 include  $28 million  in charges before taxes ( $18 million  after taxes) for integration costs associated with the acquisition. The identifiable intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business included the following: In millions   Estimated Fair Value Average Remaining Useful Life Asset Class:     (at acquisition date) Customer relationships and lists   $ 95 24 years Trade names, patents, trademarks and developed technology   113 8 years Other   4 10 years Total   $ 212   52 Table of Contents On an unaudited pro forma basis, assuming the acquisition of the newly acquired pulp business had closed January 1, 2015, the consolidated results would have reflected Net sales of  $20.8 billion  and  $22.2 billion  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $942 million  and   $1.3 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The 2016 pro forma information includes adjustments for additional amortization expense on identifiable intangible assets of  $18 million  and eliminating the write-off of the estimated fair value of inventory of  $19 million  and non-recurring integration costs associated with the acquisition of  $30 million , including  $12 million  of deal costs. The 2015 pro forma information includes adjustments for additional amortization expense on identifiable intangible assets of  $18 million , non-recurring integration costs associated with the acquisition of  $30 million , and incremental expense of  $33 million  associated with the write-off of the estimated fair value of inventory. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information was prepared for comparative purposes only and includes certain adjustments, as noted above. They do not reflect the effect of costs or synergies that would have been expected to result from the integration of the acquisition. The pro forma information does not purport to represent International Paper's actual results of operations as if the transaction described above would have occurred as of January 1, 2015, nor is it necessarily an indicator of future results. HOLMEN PAPER NEWSPRINT MILL 2016:   On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the previously announced acquisition of Holmen Paper's newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, International Paper purchased the Madrid newsprint mill, as well as, associated recycling operations and a  50%  ownership interest in a cogeneration facility. The Company is in the process of converting the mill to produce recycled containerboard with an expected capacity of  440,000  tons. Once completed, the converted mill will support the Company's corrugated packaging business in EMEA.   The Company's aggregate purchase price for the mill, recycling operations and  50%  ownership of the cogeneration facility was  €53 million  (approximately  $59 million  using June 30, 2016 exchange rate). The assignment of fair value to assets acquired and liabilities assumed was completed in the first quarter of 2017 and is presented in the table below.   In millions June 30, 2016 Current assets $ 14 Equity method investments 14 Plants, properties and equipment 60 Other long-term assets 5 Total assets acquired 93 Short-term liabilities 9 Long-term liabilities 16 Total liabilities assumed 25 Net assets acquired $ 68 The final fair values assigned indicated that the sum of the cash consideration paid was less than the fair value of the underlying net assets, after adjustments, by  $6 million , resulting in a bargain purchase gain being recorded on this transaction. The amount of revenue and earnings recognized since the acquisition date are  $90 million  and a net loss of  $2 million , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016. Pro forma information related to the acquisition of the Holmen businesses has not been included as it is impractical to obtain the information due to the lack of availability of financial data and does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations. The Company has accounted for the above acquisitions under ASC 805, "Business Combinations" and the results of operations have been included in International Paper's financial statements beginning with the dates of acquisition. NOTE 7 DIVESTITURES   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 2017:  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the previously announced transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company  in exchange for a  20.5%  ownership interest in a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company that holds the assets of the combined business. As part of the transaction, International Paper also received  $660 million  in cash proceeds from a new loan entered into on December 8, 2017, which the Company used to pay down existing debt. The loan was subsequently assumed by Graphic Packaging International, LLC on the transaction closing date and is classified as Liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of  53 Table of Contents December 31, 2017 . International Paper will account for its ownership interest in the combined business under the equity method. The Company has not finalized the fair value of its investment in the combined business, but expects to record a gain on the transfer in the first quarter of 2018.  The North American Consumer Packaging business was historically presented in the Company's Consumer Packaging segment. For further discussion of the transaction's impact to segment reporting, see  Note 19 . All current and historical operating results for North American Consumer Packaging are included in Discontinued operations, net of tax, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The following summarizes the major classes of line items comprising Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings reconciled to Discontinued Operations, net of tax, related to the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business for all periods presented in the consolidated statement of operations: In millions 2017 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 1,559 $ 1,584 $ 1,690 Costs and Expenses       Cost of products sold 1,179 1,095 1,155 Selling and administrative expenses 110 91 106 Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber harvested 80 103 127 Distribution expenses 126 124 158 Taxes other than payroll and income taxes 11 10 10 Interest expense, net 1 — — Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings 52 161 134 Income tax provision (benefit) 18 54 49 Discontinued Operations, Net of Taxes  $ 34 $ 107 $ 85 All current and historical assets and liabilities of North American Consumer Packaging are classified as current and long-term assets held for sale and current and long-term liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The following summarizes the major classes of assets and liabilities of North American Consumer Packaging reconciled to total Assets held for sale and total Liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet:   In millions 2017   2016 Accounts and notes receivable $ 143   $ 149 Inventories 185   205 Other current assets 3   7 Current assets held for sale 331   361 Plants, properties and equipment 1,021   987 Deferred charges and other assets 25   31 Long-term assets held for sale 1,046 (a) 1,018 Total Assets Held for Sale $ 1,377   $ 1,379 Accounts payable $ 104   $ 110 Accrued payroll and benefits 25   29 Other accrued liabilities 17   22 Current liabilities held for sale 146   161 Long-term debt 651   — Other liabilities 8   8 Long-term liabilities held for sale 659 (a) 8 Total Liabilities Held for Sale $ 805   $ 169 (a)  As a result of the January 1, 2018 transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business, these amounts have been included in current assets held for sale of  $1.4 billion  and current liabilities held for sale of  $805 million  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. Total cash provided by operations related to the North American Consumer Packaging business of  $207 million ,  $268 million  and  $197 million  for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is included in Cash Provided By (Used For) Operations in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Total cash used for investing activities related to the North American Consumer Packaging business of  $111 million ,  $114 million  and  $178 million  for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is included in Cash Provided By (Used For) Investing Activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. OTHER DIVESTITURES AND IMPAIRMENTS 2017:  On September 7, 2017, the Company completed the sale of its foodservice business in China to Huhtamaki Hong Kong Limited. Proceeds received totaled approximately RMB  129 million  ( $18 million  using the September 30, 2017 exchange rate). Under the terms of the transaction, and after post-closing adjustments, International Paper received approximately RMB  49 million  in exchange for its ownership interest in  two  China foodservice entities and RMB  80 million  for the sale of notes receivable from the acquired entities. Subsequent to the announced agreement in June 2017, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group exceeded its estimated fair value of  $7 million , which was the agreed upon selling price. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $9 million  was recorded during the second quarter of 2017, to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. Amounts related to this business included in the  54 Table of Contents Company's statement of operations were immaterial for all periods presented. 2016:  On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the  sale of its corrugated packaging business in China and Southeast Asia to Xiamen Bridge Hexing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise. Under the terms of the transaction and after post-closing adjustments, International Paper received a total of approximately RMB  957 million  (approximately  $144 million  at the June 30, 2016 exchange rate), which included the buyer's assumption of a liability for outstanding loans of approximately  $55 million  which are payable up to three years from the closing of the sale. The remaining balance of the outstanding loans payable to International Paper as of December 31, 2017, totaled  $9 million .  Based on the final sales price, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group was not recoverable. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $46 million  was recorded during 2016 in the Company's Industrial Packaging segment to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. In addition, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of  $24 million  for severance that was contingent upon the sale of this business.  The 2016 net loss totaling  $70 million  related to the impairment and severance of IP Asia Packaging is included in Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The amount of pre-tax losses related to the IP Asia Packaging business included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations were  $83 million , and  $8 million  for years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 2015:  On October 13, 2015 ,  the Company finalized the sale of its  55%  interest in IP Asia Coated Paperboard (IP-Sun JV) business to its Chinese coated board joint venture partner, Shandong Sun Holding Group Co., Ltd. for RMB  149 million  (approximately USD  $23 million ). During the third quarter of 2015, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group was not recoverable. As a result, the net pre-tax impairment charge of  $174 million  ( $113 million  after taxes) was recorded to write down the long-lived assets of this business to its estimated fair value. The impairment charge is included in Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The amount of pre-tax losses related to noncontrolling interest of the IP-Sun JV included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 was  $19 million . The amount of pre-tax losses related to the IP-Sun JV included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 was  $226 million .   NOTE 8 SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS   Temporary investments with an original maturity of three months or less are treated as cash equivalents and are stated at cost. Temporary investments totaled  $661 million  and  $757 million  at December 31,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. ACCOUNTS AND NOTES RECEIVABLE Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances, by classification were:   In millions at December 31 2017 2016 Accounts and notes receivable:     Trade $ 3,017 $ 2,612 Other 270 240 Total $ 3,287 $ 2,852 INVENTORIES   In millions at December 31 2017 2016 Raw materials $ 274 $ 286 Finished pulp, paper and packaging products 1,337 1,231 Operating supplies 615 616 Other 87 100 Inventories $ 2,313 $ 2,233 The last-in, first-out inventory method is used to value most of International Paper’s U.S. inventories. Approximately  71%  of total raw materials and finished products inventories were valued using this method.  The last-in, first-out inventory reserve was  $293 million  and  $290 million  at December 31,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT   In millions at December 31 2017 2016 Pulp, paper and packaging facilities $ 32,523 $ 30,943 Other properties and equipment 1,291 1,308 Gross cost 33,814 32,251 Less: Accumulated depreciation 20,549 19,248 Plants, properties and equipment, net $ 13,265 $ 13,003   Annual straight-line depreciable lives generally are, for buildings -  20  to  40  years, and for machinery and equipment -  3  to  20  years. Depreciation expense was  $1.2 billion ,  $1.0 billion  and  $1.1 billion  for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Cost of products sold excludes depreciation and amortization expense. 55 Table of Contents INTEREST Interest payments of  $782 million ,  $682 million  and  $680 million  were made during the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Amounts related to interest were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Interest expense (a) $ 758 $ 695 $ 644 Interest income (a) 186 175 89 Capitalized interest costs 25 28 25 (a) Interest expense and interest income exclude approximately  $25 million  in 2015 related to investments in and borrowings from variable interest entities for which the Company has a legal right of offset (see  Note 12 ).   ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, we had recorded liabilities of  $86 million  and  $83 million , respectively, related to asset retirement obligations. NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES GOODWILL The following table presents changes in the goodwill balances as allocated to each business segment for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 :   In millions Industrial Packaging   Global Cellulose Fibers   Printing Papers   Total Balance as of December 31, 2015               Goodwill $ 3,384   $ —    $ 2,124    $ 5,508 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )   —    (1,877 )   (2,173 )   3,088   —   247   3,335 Reclassifications and other (a) (4 )   —   33   29 Additions/reductions (5 ) (b) 19 (c) (14 ) (d) — Impairment loss —   —   —   — Balance as of December 31, 2016               Goodwill 3,375    19   2,143    5,537 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )    —   (1,877 )   (2,173 )   3,079    19   266    3,364 Reclassifications and other (a) 3   —   8   11 Additions/reductions 4 (e) 33 (c) (1 )   36 Impairment loss — —   —   — Balance as of December 31, 2017               Goodwill 3,382   52    2,150    5,584 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )   —    (1,877 )   (2,173 ) Total $ 3,086   $ 52    $ 273    $ 3,411 (a) Represents the effects of foreign currency translations and reclassifications. (b) Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in the U.S.  (c) Reflects the acquisition and purchase price adjustments of the newly acquired pulp business.   (d) Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in Brazil. (e) Reflects the acquisition of the newly acquired Moroccan box plant. 56 Table of Contents OTHER INTANGIBLES Identifiable intangible assets comprised the following:    2017 2016 In millions at December 31 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net  Intangible Assets Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible Assets Customer relationships and lists $ 610 $ 247 $ 363 $ 605 $ 211 $ 394 Non-compete agreements 72 72 — 69 64 5 Tradenames, patents and trademarks, and developed technology 172 72 100 173 56 117 Land and water rights 8 2 6 10 2 8 Software 24 23 1 21 20 1 Other 38 26 12 48 26 22 Total  $ 924 $ 442 $ 482 $ 926 $ 379 $ 547 The Company recognized the following amounts as amortization expense related to intangible assets:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Amortization expense related to intangible assets $ 77 $ 54 $ 60 Based on current intangibles subject to amortization, estimated amortization expense for each of the succeeding years is as follows:  2018  –  $55 million ,  2019  –  $52 million ,  2020  –  $51 million ,  2021  –  $51 million ,  2022  –  $49 million , and cumulatively thereafter –  $217 million .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NOTE 10 INCOME TAXES The components of International Paper’s earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings by taxing jurisdiction were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Earnings (loss)       U.S. $ 297 $ 411 $ 1,013 Non-U.S. 551 384 119 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings $ 848 $ 795 $ 1,132 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("the Tax Act.") The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from  35%  to  21% ; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time deemed repatriation transition tax (the “Transition Tax”) on certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (5) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax (“AMT”) and changing how AMT credits can be realized; (6) capital expensing; (7) eliminating the deduction on U.S. manufacturing activities; and (8) creating new limitations on   deductible interest expense and executive compensation.   The Securities Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 118 which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Tax Act for which the accounting under ASC 740 is complete. To the extent that a company’s accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. If a company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740 on the basis of the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the Tax Act.   In connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the Tax Act, we have recorded a provisional net tax benefit of  $1.22 billion  in the period ending December 31, 2017. The net tax benefit primarily consists of a net tax benefit for the re-measurement of U.S. deferred taxes of  $1.454 billion  and an  expense for the Transition Tax of  $231 million . For various reasons that are discussed more fully below, we have not completed our accounting for the income tax effects of the Tax Act.   57 Table of Contents Our accounting for the following elements of the Tax Act is incomplete. However, we were able to make reasonable estimates of those elements and, therefore, recorded provisional adjustments as follows: Reduction of U.S. federal corporate tax rate:   The Tax Act reduces the corporate tax rate to  21% , effective January 1, 2018. For certain of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, we have recorded a provisional net decrease of  $1.451 billion  with a corresponding  adjustment to deferred income tax benefit in the same amount for the year ended December 31, 2017. While we are able to make a reasonable estimate of the impact of the reduction in the corporate rate, it may be affected by other analysis related to the Tax Act, including but not limited to, the state tax effect of adjustments made to federal temporary differences. Deemed Repatriation Transition Tax:  This is a   tax on previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits (“E&P”) of foreign subsidiaries. To determine the amount of the transition tax, we must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 E&P of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of the Transition Tax and recorded a provisional Transition Tax obligation of  $231 million . The provisional amount of current tax liability related to the Transition Tax recorded in Other accrued liabilities is  $17 million . However, we are continuing to gather additional information, which may result in our ability to more precisely compute the amount of the Transition Tax. Valuation Allowances:  The Company has assessed whether its U.S. state and local income tax valuation allowance analysis is affected by various aspects of the Tax Act (e.g. deemed repatriation of foreign income, acceleration of cost recovery). Since, as discussed herein, the Company has recorded provisional amounts related to elements of the Tax Act, any corresponding determination of the need for or change in a valuation allowance is also provisional. For certain of our state deferred tax assets, we have recorded a net  $3 million  provisional decrease in the recorded valuation allowance with a corresponding adjustment to deferred income tax benefit in the same amount for the year ended December 31, 2017. While we are able to make a reasonable estimate of the impact of the Tax Act on state attributes, the resolution of, or changes from, other factors noted herein may result in changes in our recorded valuation allowance. The Tax Act may impact decisions surrounding the Company’s permanent reinvestment assertions related to its foreign investments and could have an impact on the Company’s accounting for untaxed outside basis differences. We previously considered the earnings in our non-U.S. subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested,    and, accordingly deferred income taxes were not provided for such basis differences which totaled approximately  $5.9 billion  at December 31, 2016. While the transition tax resulted in a reduction in these basis differences, an actual repatriation from our non-U.S. subsidiaries could still be subject to additional taxes, including, but not limited to, foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes. In light of the Tax Act, the Company is evaluating its global cash management and non-U.S. repatriation strategy but we have yet to determine whether we plan to change our prior assertion.  Accordingly, we have not recorded any deferred taxes attributable to our investments in our non-U.S. subsidiaries. These estimates may change materially due to, among other things, further clarification of existing guidance that may be issued by U.S. taxing authorities or regulatory bodies and/or changes in interpretations and assumptions we have preliminarily made. We will continue to analyze the Tax Act to finalize its financial statement impact, including the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, re-measurement of deferred taxes and all other provisions of the legislation and will record the effects of any changes to provisional amounts in the period we can complete our analysis or are first able to make a reasonable estimate, but no later than December 2018.  The provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations (excluding noncontrolling interests) by taxing jurisdiction was as follows: In millions 2017 2016 2015 Current tax provision (benefit)       U.S. federal $ (73 ) $ (7 ) $ 35 U.S. state and local (23 ) (12 ) 3 Non-U.S. 112 76 111   $ 16 $ 57 $ 149 Deferred tax provision (benefit)       U.S. federal $ (1,150 ) $ 134 $ 306 U.S. state and local 9 27 32 Non-U.S. 40 (25 ) (70 )   $ (1,101 ) $ 136 $ 268 Income tax provision (benefit) $ (1,085 ) $ 193 $ 417 The Company’s deferred income tax provision (benefit) includes a  $1.459 billion  benefit, a  $18 million  provision and a  $3 million  provision for  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively, for the effect of various changes in non-U.S. and U.S. federal and state tax rates. International Paper made income tax payments, net of refunds, of  $7 million ,  $90 million  and  $149 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. 58 Table of Contents A reconciliation of income tax expense using the statutory U.S. income tax rate compared with the actual income tax provision follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings $ 848 $ 795 $ 1,132 Statutory U.S. income tax rate 35  % 35 % 35 % Tax expense (benefit) using statutory U.S. income tax rate 297 278 396 State and local income taxes (7 ) 8 20 Tax rate and permanent differences on non-U.S. earnings (36 ) (26 ) (44 ) Net U.S. tax on non-U.S. dividends 44 21 12 Tax expense (benefit) on manufacturing activities 23 (10 ) (12 ) Non-deductible business expenses 7 9 8 Non-deductible impairments — — 109 Sale of non-strategic assets — 12 (61 ) Tax audits — (14 ) — U.S. federal tax rate change (1,451 ) — — Foreign tax credits (96 ) (11 ) — Subsidiary liquidation — (63 ) — Deemed repatriation, net of foreign tax credits 231 — — General business and other tax credits (86 ) (15 ) (15 ) Other, net (11 ) 4 4 Income tax provision (benefit) $ (1,085 ) $ 193 $ 417 Effective income tax rate (128 )% 24 % 37 % The tax effects of significant temporary differences, representing deferred income tax assets and liabilities at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 Deferred income tax assets:     Postretirement benefit accruals $ 102 $ 165 Pension obligations 516 1,344 Alternative minimum and other tax credits 416 270 Net operating and capital loss carryforwards 665 662 Compensation reserves 174 257 Other 139 251 Gross deferred income tax assets 2,012 2,949 Less: valuation allowance (a) (429 ) (403 ) Net deferred income tax asset $ 1,583 $ 2,546 Deferred income tax liabilities:     Intangibles $ (139 ) $ (231 ) Plants, properties and equipment (2,000 ) (2,828 ) Forestlands, related installment sales, and investment in subsidiary (1,454 ) (2,260 ) Gross deferred income tax liabilities $ (3,593 ) $ (5,319 ) Net deferred income tax liability $ (2,010 ) $ (2,773 )   (a)   The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was an increase of  $26 million  and a decrease of  $27 million , respectively. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under the captions Deferred charges and other assets and Deferred income taxes.  There was a decrease in deferred income tax assets principally relating to the U.S. tax rate change, the impact of changes in qualified pension liabilities, and the utilization of tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax liabilities  decreased primarily due to the U.S. tax rate change offset by tax greater than book depreciation. Of the  $1.5 billion  forestlands, related installment sales, and investment in subsidiary deferred tax liability,  $884 million  is attributable to an investment in subsidiary and relates to a 2006 International Paper installment sale of forestlands and  $538 million  is attributable to a 2007 Temple-Inland installment sale of forestlands (see  Note 12 ).  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  is as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Balance at January 1 $ (98 ) $ (150 ) $ (158 ) (Additions) reductions based on tax positions related to current year (54 ) (4 ) (6 ) Additions for tax positions of prior years (40 ) (3 ) (6 ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years 4 33 7 Settlements 6 19 2 Expiration of statutes of limitations 1 5 4 Currency translation adjustment (7 ) 2 7 Balance at December 31 $ (188 ) $ (98 ) $ (150 ) If the Company were to prevail on the unrecognized tax benefits recorded, substantially all of the balances at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  would benefit the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of interest expense. Penalties, if incurred, are recognized as a component of income tax expense. The Company had approximately  $17 million  and  $22 million  accrued for the payment of estimated interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The major jurisdictions where the Company files income tax returns are the United States, Brazil, France, Poland and Russia. Generally, tax years 2006 through 2016 remain open and subject to examination by the relevant  59 Table of Contents tax authorities. The Company is typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time, both in the United States and overseas. Pending audit settlements and the expiration of statute of limitations could reduce the uncertain tax positions by  $5 million  during the next twelve months. While the Company believes that it is adequately accrued for possible audit adjustments, the final resolution of these examinations cannot be determined at this time and could result in final settlements that differ from current estimates. International Paper uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits earned on eligible open-loop biomass facilities and combined heat and power system expenditures. Under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense in the year they are earned rather than a reduction in the asset basis. The Company recorded a tax benefit of  $68 million  during 2017 related to Investment Tax Credits earned in tax years 2013-2017. The following details the scheduled expiration dates of the Company’s net operating loss and income tax credit carryforwards:   In millions 2018 Through 2027 2028 Through 2037 Indefinite Total U.S. federal and non-U.S. NOLs $ 65 $ 2 $ 432 $ 499 State taxing jurisdiction NOLs 147 68 — 215 U.S. federal, non- U.S. and state tax credit carryforwards 199 18 269 486 U.S. federal and state capital loss carryforwards 2 — — 2 Total $ 413 $ 88 $ 701 $ 1,202 NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES OPERATING LEASES Certain property, machinery and equipment are leased under cancelable and non-cancelable agreements. At  December 31, 2017 , total future minimum commitments under existing non-cancelable operating leases were as follows:   In millions 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Thereafter Lease obligations $ 130 $ 102 $ 77 $ 53 $ 37 $ 141 Rent expense was  $157 million ,  $150 million  and  $157 million  for  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.   GUARANTEES In connection with sales of businesses, property, equipment, forestlands and other assets, International Paper commonly makes representations and warranties relating to such businesses or assets, and may agree to indemnify buyers with respect to tax and environmental liabilities, breaches of representations and warranties, and other matters. Where liabilities for such matters are determined to be probable and subject to reasonable estimation, accrued liabilities are recorded at the time of sale as a cost of the transaction. ENVIRONMENTAL AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Environmental  International Paper has been named as a potentially responsible party (PRP) in environmental remediation actions under various federal and state laws, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). Many of these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous substances at large commercial landfills that received waste from many different sources. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA and equivalent state laws, as a practical matter, liability for CERCLA cleanups is typically allocated among the many PRPs.  There are other remediation costs typically associated with the cleanup of hazardous substances at the Company’s current, closed or formerly-owned facilities, and recorded as liabilities in the balance sheet. Remediation costs are recorded in the consolidated financial statements when they become probable and reasonably estimable. International Paper has estimated the probable liability associated with these matters to be approximately  $128 million  ( $141 million  undiscounted) in the aggregate as of December 31,  2017 . Other than as described below, completion of required remedial actions is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.  Cass Lake:  One of the matters included above arises out of a closed wood-treating facility located in Cass Lake, Minnesota. In June 2011, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) selected and published a proposed soil remedy at the site with an estimated cost of  $46 million . The overall remediation reserve for the site is currently  $47 million  to address the selection of an alternative for the soil remediation component of the overall site remedy, which includes the ongoing groundwater remedy. In October 2011, the EPA released a public statement indicating that the final soil remedy decision would be delayed. In March 2016, the EPA issued a proposed plan concerning clean-up standards at a portion of the site, the estimated cost of which is included within the reserve referenced above. In October 2012, the Natural Resource Trustees for this site provided notice to International Paper and other  60 Table of Contents PRPs of their intent to perform a Natural Resource Damage Assessment. It is premature to predict the outcome of the assessment or to estimate a loss or range of loss, if any, which may be incurred. Kalamazoo River:  The Company is a PRP with respect to the Allied Paper, Inc./Portage Creek/Kalamazoo River Superfund Site in Michigan. The EPA asserts that the site is contaminated by polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) primarily as a result of discharges from various paper mills located along the Kalamazoo River, including a paper mill (the Allied Paper Mill) formerly owned by St. Regis Paper Company (St. Regis). The Company is a successor in interest to St. Regis.  • In March 2016, the Company and other PRPs received a special notice letter from the EPA (i) inviting participation in implementing a remedy for a portion of the site, and (ii) demanding reimbursement of EPA past costs totaling  $37 million , including  $19 million  in past costs previously demanded by the EPA.  The Company responded to the special notice letter. In December 2016, EPA issued a unilateral administrative order to the Company and other PRPs to perform the remedy. The unilateral administrative order has not yet become effective and the Company is evaluating its response. • In April 2016, the EPA issued a separate unilateral administrative order to the Company and certain other PRPs for a time-critical removal action (TCRA) of PCB-contaminated sediments from a different portion of the site. The Company responded to the unilateral administrative order and agreed along with two other parties to comply with the order subject to its sufficient cause defenses. • In October 2016, the Company and another PRP received a special notice letter from the EPA inviting participation in the remedial design component of the landfill remedy for the Allied Paper Mill. The record of decision establishing the final landfill remedy for the Allied Paper Mill was issued by the EPA in September 2016.  The Company responded to the Allied Paper Mill special notice letter in late December 2016. The Company’s CERCLA liability has not been finally determined with respect to these or any other portions of the site, and except as noted above, the Company has declined to perform any work or reimburse the EPA at this time. As noted below, the Company is involved in allocation/apportionment litigation with regard to the site. Accordingly, it is premature to predict the outcome or estimate our maximum reasonably possible loss with respect to this site. However, we do not believe that any material loss is probable.   The Company was named as a defendant by Georgia-Pacific Consumer Products LP, Fort James Corporation and Georgia Pacific LLC in a contribution and cost recovery action for alleged pollution at the site. The suit seeks contribution under CERCLA for costs purportedly expended by plaintiffs ( $79 million  as of the filing of the complaint) and for future remediation costs. The suit alleges that a mill, during the time it was allegedly owned and operated by St. Regis, discharged PCB contaminated solids and paper residuals resulting from paper de-inking and recycling. NCR Corporation and Weyerhaeuser Company are also named as defendants in the suit. In mid-2011, the suit was transferred from the District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin to the District Court for the Western District of Michigan. The trial of the initial liability phase took place in February 2013. Weyerhaeuser conceded prior to trial that it was a liable party with respect to the site. In September 2013, an opinion and order was issued in the suit. The order concluded that the Company (as the successor to St. Regis) was not an “operator,” but was an “owner,” of the mill at issue during a portion of the relevant period and is therefore liable under CERCLA. The order also determined that NCR is a liable party as an "arranger for disposal" of PCBs in waste paper that was de-inked and recycled by mills along the Kalamazoo River. The order did not address the Company's responsibility, if any, for past or future costs. The parties’ responsibility, including that of the Company, was the subject of a second trial, which was concluded in late 2015. A decision has not been rendered and it is unclear to what extent the Court will address responsibility for future costs in that decision. We are unable to predict the outcome or estimate our maximum reasonably possible loss. However, we do not believe that any material loss is probable. Harris County:  International Paper and McGinnis Industrial Maintenance Corporation (MIMC), a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc. (WMI), are PRPs at the San Jacinto River Waste Pits Superfund Site in Harris County, Texas. The PRPs have been actively participating in the activities at the site and share the costs of these activities. In September 2016, the EPA issued a proposed remedial action plan (PRAP) for the site, which identified the preferred remedy as the removal of the contaminated material currently protected by an armored cap. In addition, the EPA selected a preferred remedy for the separate southern impoundment that requires offsite disposal. In January 2017, the PRPs submitted comments on the PRAP. On October 11, 2017, the EPA issued a Record of Decision (ROD) selecting the final remedy for the site: removal and relocation of the waste material from both the northern and southern impoundments. The EPA did not specify the methods or practices needed to perform this work. While the EPA’s selected remedy was accompanied by a cost estimate of approximately  $115  61 Table of Contents million , we do not believe that estimate provides a reasonable basis for accrual under GAAP because the estimate was based on a technological method for performing the work that we believe is not feasible.  On October 25, 2017, the PRPs received a letter from the EPA inviting participation in the remedial design component of the EPA’s selected remedy for the site, and the Company plans to participate in this remedial design process to determine if and how the remedy can be accomplished. We expect this process will include additional studies to determine feasible alternatives and costs to complete this final remedy, and we have accrued reasonably estimable costs related to this process. Subsequent to the issuance of the ROD, there have been several meetings between the EPA and the PRPs, and the Company anticipates working with the EPA and other PRPs to develop the remedial design, including adaptive management techniques and a predesign investigation expected to commence in the first quarter of 2018. The objectives of the predesign investigation include filling data gaps (including but not limited to post-Hurricane Harvey technical data generated prior to the ROD and not incorporated into the selected remedy), refining areas and volumes of materials to be addressed, determining if the excavation remedy is able to be implemented in a manner protective of human health and the environment, and investigating potential impacts to infrastructure in the vicinity. The Company has identified a number of concerns and uncertainties regarding the remedy described in the ROD and regarding the EPA’s estimates for the costs and time required to implement the selected remedy. Because of ongoing questions regarding cost effectiveness, technical feasibility, timing and other technical data, it is uncertain how the ROD will be implemented. Consequently, while additional losses are probable as a result of the selected remedy, we are currently unable to determine any adjustment to our immaterial recorded liability. It remains reasonably possible that additional losses could be material as the remedial design process with the EPA continues over the coming quarters. International Paper and MIMC/WMI are also defending an additional lawsuit related to the site brought by approximately  600  individuals who allege property damage and personal injury. Because this case is still in the discovery phase, it is premature to predict the outcome or to estimate a loss or range of loss, in any, which may be incurred. Antitrust Containerboard:  In June 2016, a lawsuit captioned  Ashley Furniture Indus., Inc. v. Packaging Corporation of America (W.D. Wis.) , was filed in federal court in Wisconsin against  ten  defendants, including the Company, Temple-Inland and Weyerhaeuser Company. The  Ashley Furniture  lawsuit closely tracks the allegations found in the now-settled  Kleen Products     litigation, alleging a practically identical civil violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act (in particular, that defendants conspired to limit the supply and thereby increase prices of containerboard products), but also asserts Wisconsin state antitrust claims. In January 2011, International Paper was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in state court in Cocke County, Tennessee alleging that International Paper violated Tennessee law by conspiring to limit the supply and fix the prices of containerboard from mid-2005 to the present. Plaintiffs in the state court action seek certification of a class of Tennessee indirect purchasers of containerboard products, damages and costs, including attorneys' fees. No class certification materials have been filed to date in the Tennessee action.  The Company disputes the allegations made in the  Ashley Furniture  and Tennessee lawsuits and is vigorously defending each. At this time, however, because the actions are in a preliminary stage, we are unable to predict an outcome or estimate a range of reasonably possible loss. Contract Signature:  In August 2014, a lawsuit captioned Signature Industrial Services LLC et al. v. International Paper Company was filed in state court in Texas. The Signature lawsuit arises out of approximately  $1 million  in disputed invoices related to the installation of new equipment at the Company's Orange, Texas mill. In addition to the invoices in dispute, Signature and its president allege consequential damages arising from the Company's nonpayment of those invoices. The lawsuit was tried before a jury in Beaumont, Texas, in May 2017. On June 1, 2017, the jury returned a verdict awarding approximately  $125 million  in damages to the plaintiffs. The Court issued a judgment on December 14, 2017, awarding the plaintiffs a total of approximately  $137 million  in actual and consequential damages, fees, costs and pre-judgment interest, and awarding post-judgment interest. The judgment will not be final until post-trial motions are decided, and the Company will appeal the final judgment thereafter. The Company has numerous and strong bases for appeal, and we believe we will prevail on appeal. Because post-trial proceedings are in a preliminary stage, we are unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, but we expect the amount of any loss to be immaterial. General The Company is involved in various other inquiries, administrative proceedings and litigation relating to environmental and safety matters, personal injury, labor and employment, contracts, sales of property, intellectual property and other matters, some of which allege substantial monetary damages. While any proceeding or litigation has the element of uncertainty, the Company believes that the outcome of any of these  62 Table of Contents lawsuits or claims that are pending or threatened or all of them combined (other than those that cannot be assessed due to their preliminary nature) will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. NOTE 12 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  In connection with the 2006 sale of approximately  5.6 million  acres of forestlands, International Paper received installment notes (the Timber Notes) totaling approximately  $4.8 billion . The Timber Notes, which do not require principal payments prior to their maturity are supported by irrevocable letters of credit obtained by the buyers of the forestlands. The Timber Notes were used as collateral for borrowings from third party lenders, which effectively monetized the Timber Notes through the creation of newly formed special purposes entities (the Entities). The monetization structure preserved the  $1.4 billion  tax deferral that resulted from the 2006 forestlands sales.  As a result of tax reform legislation in the fourth quarter of 2017, described in Note 10 Income Taxes, this deferred tax liability was remeasured to be  $884 million .  During 2015, International Paper initiated a series of actions in order to extend the 2006 monetization structure and maintain the long-term nature of the  $884 million  deferred tax liability.  International Paper acquired the Class A interests in the Investor Entities from a third party for  $198 million  in cash. As a result, International Paper became the owner of all of the Class A and Class B interests in the Entities and became the primary beneficiary of the Entities. The assets and liabilities of the Entities, primarily consisting of the Timber Notes and third party bank loans, were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date of the Class A interests. The Entities, with assets and liabilities primarily consisting of the Timber Notes and third-party bank loans, were restructured which resulted in the formation of wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities (the 2015 Financing Entities) during the third quarter of 2015.  Also, during the third quarter of 2015, the 2015 Financing Entities used  $630 million  in cash to pay down a portion of the third party bank loans and refinanced approximately  $4.2 billion  of those loans on nonrecourse terms (the 2015 Refinance Loans). During the fourth quarter of 2015, International Paper extended the maturity date on the Timber Notes for an additional  five  years.  The Timber Notes are shown in Financial assets of special purpose entities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and mature in  August 2021  unless extended for an additional  five  years.  These notes are supported by approximately  $4.8 billion  of irrevocable letters of credit.  In addition, the Company extinguished the 2015 Refinance Loans  scheduled to mature in  May 2016  and entered into new    nonrecourse third party bank loans totaling approximately  $4.2 billion  (the Extension Loans).  Provisions of loan agreements related to approximately  $1.1 billion  of the Extension Loans require the bank issuing letters of credit supporting the Timber Notes pledged as collateral to maintain a credit rating at or above a specified threshold.  In the event the credit rating of the letter of credit bank is downgraded below the specified threshold, the letters of credit must be replaced within  60 days  with letters of credit from a qualifying financial institution.  The Extension Loans are shown in Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and mature in the fourth quarter of  2020 .  The extinguishment of the 2015 Refinance Loans of approximately  $4.2 billion  and the issuance of the Extension Loans of approximately  $4.2 billion  are shown as part of reductions of debt and issuances of debt, respectively, in the financing activities of the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2015.   The Extension Loans are nonrecourse to the Company, and are secured by approximately  $4.8 billion  of Timber Notes, the irrevocable letters of credit supporting the Timber Notes and approximately  $150 million  of International Paper debt obligations. The  $150 million  of International Paper debt obligations are eliminated in the consolidation of the 2015 Financing Entities and are not reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet.  The transactions described in these paragraphs result in continued long-term classification of the  $884 million  deferred tax liability related to the 2006 forestlands sale. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the Timber Notes was  $4.8 billion  and  $4.7 billion , respectively, and the fair value of the Extension Loans  was  $4.3 billion  for both the years ended 2017 and 2016. The Timber Notes and Extension Loans are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in Note 14.     Activity between the Company and the 2015 Financing Entities (the Entities prior to the purchase of the Class A interest discussed above) was as follows:  In millions 2017 2016 2015 Revenue (a) $ 95 $ 95 $ 43 Expense (a) 128 128 81 Cash receipts (b) 95 77 21 Cash payments (c) 128 98 71 (a) The net expense related to the Company’s interest in the Entities is included in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, as International Paper has and intends to effect its legal right to offset as discussed above. After formation of the 2015 Financing Entities, the revenue and  63 Table of Contents expense are included in Interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. (b) The cash receipts are equity distributions from the Entities to International Paper prior to the formation of the 2015 Financing Entities. After formation of the 2015 Financing Entities, cash receipts are interest received on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (c) The cash payments are interest payments on the associated debt obligations discussed above. After formation of the 2015 Financing Entities, the payments represent interest paid on Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. In connection with the acquisition of Temple-Inland in February 2012, two special purpose entities became wholly-owned subsidiaries of International Paper. The use of the two wholly-owned special purpose entities discussed below preserved the  $831 million  tax deferral that resulted from the 2007 Temple-Inland timberlands sales. As a result of tax reform legislation in the fourth quarter of 2017, described in Note 10 Income Taxes, this deferred tax liability was remeasured to be  $538 million , which will be settled with the maturity of the notes in  2027 . In October 2007, Temple-Inland sold  1.55 million  acres of timberland for  $2.4 billion . The total consideration consisted almost entirely of notes due in  2027  issued by the buyer of the timberland, which Temple-Inland contributed to two wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities. The notes are shown in Financial assets of special purpose entities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and are supported by  $2.4 billion  of irrevocable letters of credit issued by three banks, which are required to maintain minimum credit ratings on their long-term debt. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the notes was  $2.3 billion  and  $2.2 billion , respectively. These notes are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 14 . In December 2007, Temple-Inland's two wholly-owned special purpose entities borrowed  $2.1 billion  shown in Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. The loans are repayable in  2027  and are secured only by the  $2.4 billion  of notes and the irrevocable letters of credit securing the notes and are nonrecourse to us. The loan agreements provide that if a credit rating of any of the banks issuing the letters of credit is downgraded below the specified threshold, the letters of credit issued by that bank must be replaced within  30 days  with letters of credit from another qualifying financial institution. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of this debt was  $2.1 billion  for both the years ended 2017 and 2016. This debt is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 14 .   Activity between the Company and the 2007 financing entities was as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Revenue (a) $ 49 $ 37 $ 27 Expense (b) 48 37 27 Cash receipts (c) 28 15 7 Cash payments (d) 39 27 18 (a) The revenue is included in Interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and includes approximately  $19 million  for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of accretion income for the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (b)  The expense is included in Interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and includes approximately  $7 million  for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of accretion expense for the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment on the Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. (c)    The cash receipts are interest received on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (d)   The cash payments are interest paid on Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. NOTE 13 DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT In 2017, International Paper issued  $1.0 billion  of  4.35%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2048 . The proceeds from this offering, together with a combination of available cash and other borrowings, were used to make a  $1.25 billion  voluntary cash contribution to the Company's pension plan. In December 2017, International Paper received  $660 million  in cash proceeds from a new loan entered into as part of the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business to a subsidiary of Graphic Packing Holding Company discussed in  Note 7 . The Company used the cash proceeds, together with available cash, to pay down existing debt of approximately  $900 million  of notes with interest rates ranging from  1.92%  to  9.38%  and original maturities from  2018  to  2021 .  Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $83 million  related to the debt repayments, including  $82 million  of cash premiums, are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended  December 31, 2017 . The  $660 million  term loan was subsequently assumed by Graphic Packaging International, LLC on January 1, 2018 and is classified as Liabilities held for sale at December 31, 2017, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In 2016, International Paper issued  $1.1 billion  of  3.00%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2027 , and  $1.2 billion  of  4.40%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2047 . In addition, the Company repaid approximately  $266 million  of notes with an interest rate of  7.95%  and an original maturity of  2018 . Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $29 million  related to the debt repayments, including  $31 million  of cash premiums, are included in Restructuring and other charges in the  64 Table of Contents accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended  December 31, 2016 . In June 2016, International Paper entered into a commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity of  $750 million . Under the terms of the program, individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but not exceed one year from the date of issue. Interest bearing notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating rate notes. As of  December 31, 2017 , the Company had  $180 million  outstanding under this program. Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015 Debt reductions (a) $ 993 $ 266 $ 2,151 Pre-tax early debt extinguishment costs (b) 83 29 207 (a) Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from  1.57%  to  9.38%  with original maturities from  2015  to  2030  for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Includes the  $630 million  payment for a portion of the Special Purpose Entity Liability for the year ended  December 31, 2015  (see  Note 12 Variable Interest Entities ). (b) Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. A summary of long-term debt follows:   In millions at December 31 2017 2016 9 3/8% note – due 2019 $ — $ 295 8.7% note – due 2038 264 264 7.95% debenture – due 2018 — 382 7.5% note – due 2021 409 598 7.3% note – due 2039 721 721 6 7/8% notes – due 2023 – 2029 131 131 6.65% note – due 2037 4 4 6 5/8% note – due 2018 — 72 6.4% to 7.75% debentures due 2025 – 2027 143 142 6.0% note – due 2041 585 585 5.00% to 5.15% notes – due 2035 – 2046 1,281 1,280 4.8% note – due 2044 796 796 4.75% note – due 2022 817 810 3.00% to 4.40% notes – due 2024 – 2048 4,775 3,786 Floating rate notes – due 2017 – 2025 (a) 650 763 Environmental and industrial development bonds – due 2017 – 2035 (b) 585 681 Other (c) (4 ) 4 Total (d) 11,157 11,314 Less: current maturities 311 239 Long-term debt $ 10,846 $ 11,075 (a) The weighted average interest rate on these notes was  2.6%  in  2017  and  2.2%  in  2016 . (b) The weighted average interest rate on these bonds was  6.0%  in  2017  and  5.9%  in  2016 . (c) Includes  $70 million  and  $69 million  of debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.   (d) The fair market value was approximately  $12.3 billion  at December 31, 2017 and  $12.0 billion  at  December 31, 2016 . Total maturities of long-term debt over the next five years are  2018  –  $311 million ;  2019  –  $126 million ;  2020  –  $164 million ;  2021  –  $440 million ; and  2022  –  $956 million .  At  December 31, 2017 , International Paper’s credit facilities (the Agreements) totaled  $2.1 billion . The Agreements generally provide for interest rates at a floating rate index plus a pre-determined margin dependent upon International Paper’s credit rating. The Agreements include a  $1.5 billion  contractually committed bank facility that expires in  December 2021  and has a facility fee of  0.15%  payable annually. The liquidity facilities also include up to  $600 million  of uncommitted  financings based on eligible receivables balances under a receivables securitization program that expires in  December 2018 . At  December 31, 2017 , there were no borrowings under either the bank facility or receivables securitization program. The Company’s financial covenants require the maintenance of a minimum net worth of  $9 billion  and a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than  60% . Net worth is defined as the sum of common stock, paid-in capital and retained earnings, less treasury stock plus any cumulative goodwill impairment charges. The calculation also excludes accumulated other comprehensive income/loss and Nonrecourse Financial Liabilities of Special Purpose Entities. The total debt-to-capital ratio is defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus net worth. As of  December 31, 2017 , we were in compliance with our debt covenants.  NOTE 14 DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES International Paper periodically uses derivatives and other financial instruments to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and currency risks. International Paper does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. For hedges that meet the hedge accounting criteria, International Paper, at inception, formally designates and documents the instrument as a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge or a net investment hedge of a specific underlying exposure. INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the counterparty, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount. 65 Table of Contents Interest rate swaps that meet specific accounting criteria are accounted for as fair value or cash flow hedges. For fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized in interest expense. For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) and reclassified into interest expense over the life of the underlying debt. The ineffective portion for both cash flow and fair value hedges, which is not material for any year presented, is immediately recognized in earnings. FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT We manufacture and sell our products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world and, as a result, are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The purpose of our foreign currency hedging program is to manage the volatility associated with the changes in exchange rates. To manage this exchange rate risk, we have historically utilized a combination of forward contracts, options and currency swaps. Contracts that qualify are designated as cash flow hedges of certain forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies. The effective portion of the changes in fair value of these instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same financial statement line item and in the same period or periods during which the related hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective portion, which is not material for any year presented, is immediately recognized in earnings. The change in value of certain non-qualifying instruments used to manage foreign exchange exposure of intercompany financing transactions and certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation is immediately recognized in earnings, substantially offsetting the foreign currency mark-to-market impact of the related exposure. COMMODITY RISK MANAGEMENT Certain raw materials used in our production processes are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. To manage the volatility in earnings due to price fluctuations, we may utilize swap contracts or forward purchase contracts.    Derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair values, unless the derivative instruments qualify for the normal purchase normal sale ("NPNS") exception under GAAP and such exception has been elected.  If the NPNS exception is elected, the fair values of such contracts are not recognized on the balance sheet. Contracts that qualify are designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted commodity purchases. The effective portion of the changes in fair value for these instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same financial statement line item and in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective and non-qualifying portions, which are not material for any year presented, are immediately recognized in earnings.  The change in the fair value of certain non-qualifying instruments used to reduce commodity price volatility is immediately recognized in earnings. The notional amounts of qualifying and non-qualifying instruments used in hedging transactions were as follows:   In millions December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships:     Foreign exchange contracts (a) 329 275 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:     Electricity contract 13 6 Foreign exchange contracts 10 24 (a) These contracts had maturities of  two years  or less as of  December 31, 2017 . The following table shows gains or losses recognized in AOCI, net of tax, related to derivative instruments:    Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivatives (Effective Portion) In millions 2017 2016 2015 Foreign exchange contracts $ 15 $ 4 $ (3 ) Interest rate contracts — (10 ) — Total $ 15 $ (6 ) $ (3 ) During the next  12 months , the amount of the  December 31, 2017  AOCI balance, after tax, that is expected to be reclassified to earnings is a gain of $6 million. 66 Table of Contents The amounts of gains and losses recognized in the consolidated statement of operations on qualifying and non-qualifying financial instruments used in hedging transactions were as follows:      Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion)   Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) In millions 2017   2016   2015      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships:               Foreign exchange contracts $ 8   $ 7   $ (12 )    Cost of products sold Interest rate contracts (1 )   —   —   Interest expense, net Total $ 7   $ 7   $ (12 )          Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income     Location of Gain (Loss) in Consolidated Statement of Operations In millions 2017     2016     2015        Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships:                     Interest rate contracts $ —     $ —      $ 3     Interest expense, net Debt —      —     (3 )      Interest expense, net Total $ —      $ —      $ —        Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:                     Electricity Contracts $ (10 )     $ —     $ (7 )     Cost of products sold Foreign exchange contracts —     —   (4 )     Cost of products sold Interest rate contracts 1 (a)   5 (b)   13 (c)   Interest expense, net Total $ (9 )     $ 5      $ 2       (a) Excluding gain of  $1 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges. (b) Excluding gain of  $2 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges. (c)  Excluding gain of  $3 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges. In 2016, fully effective interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with a notional value of  $55 million  were terminated early.  The resulting gain was immaterial. Fair Value Measurements International Paper’s financial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value consist of derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, foreign currency forward contracts, options and other financial instruments that  are used to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and currency risks.  For these financial instruments, fair value is determined at each balance sheet date using an income approach. The guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures sets out a fair value hierarchy that groups fair value measurement inputs into the following three classifications:   Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Observable market-based inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability reflecting the reporting entity’s own assumptions or external inputs from inactive markets. Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. All of International Paper’s derivative fair value measurements use Level 2 inputs. Below is a description of the valuation calculation and the inputs used for each class of contract: 67 Table of Contents Interest Rate Contracts Interest rate contracts are valued using swap curves obtained from an independent market data provider. The market value of each contract is the sum of the fair value of all future interest payments between the contract counterparties, discounted to present value. The fair value of the future interest payments is determined by comparing the contract rate to the derived forward interest rate and present valued using the appropriate derived interest rate curve. Foreign Exchange Contracts Foreign currency forward and option contracts are valued using standard valuation models.  Significant inputs used in these standard valuation models are foreign currency forward and interest rate curves  and a volatility measurement.  The fair value of each contract is present valued using the applicable interest rate.  All    significant inputs are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions. Electricity Contract The electricity contract is valued using the Mid-C index forward curve obtained from the Intercontinental Exchange.  The market value of the contract is the sum of the fair value of all future purchase payments between the contract counterparties, discounted to present value.  The fair value of the future purchase payments is determined by comparing the contract price to the forward price and present valued using International Paper's cost of capital. Since the volume and level of activity of the markets that each of the above contracts are traded in has been normal, the fair value calculations have not been adjusted for inactive markets or disorderly transactions. The following table provides a summary of the impact of our derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet: Fair Value Measurements Level 2 – Significant Other Observable Inputs      Assets   Liabilities   In millions December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                 Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow $ 11 (a) $ 3 (b) $ 1 (c) $ 4 (c) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 11    3    1    4    Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                 Electricity contract — — 8 (d) 2 (c) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments —    —    8    2    Total derivatives $ 11    $ 3    $ 9    $ 6    (a) Includes  $10 million  recorded in Other current assets and  $1 million  recorded in Deferred charges and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (b) Included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (c) Included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (d) Includes  $5 million  recorded in Other accrued liabilities and  $3 million  recorded in Other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The above contracts are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that provide rights of offset with each counterparty when amounts are payable on the same date in the same currency or in the case of certain specified defaults. Management has made an accounting policy election to not offset the fair value of recognized derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  The amounts owed to the counterparties and owed to the Company are considered immaterial with respect to each counterparty and in the aggregate with all counterparties.   Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features International Paper evaluates credit risk by monitoring its exposure with each counterparty to ensure that exposure stays within acceptable policy limits. Credit risk is also mitigated by contractual provisions with the majority of our banks. Certain of the contracts include a credit support annex that requires the posting of collateral by the counterparty or International Paper based on each party’s rating and level of exposure. Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the collateral threshold is generally  $15 million . 68 Table of Contents If the lower of the Company’s credit rating by Moody’s or S&P were to drop below investment grade, the Company would be required to post collateral for all of its derivatives in a net liability position, although no derivatives would terminate. As of  December 31, 2017 , there were no derivative instruments containing credit-risk-related contingent features in a net liability position. The fair value of derivative instruments containing credit-risk-related contingent features in a net liability position was  $3 million  as of  December 31, 2016 . The Company was   not  required to post any collateral as of  December 31, 2017  or  2016 .  NOTE 15 CAPITAL STOCK The authorized capital stock at both  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , consisted of  990,850,000  shares of common stock,  $1  par value;  400,000  shares of cumulative  $4  preferred stock, without par value (stated value  $100  per share); and  8,750,000  shares of serial preferred stock,  $1  par value. The serial preferred stock is issuable in one or more series by the Board of Directors without further shareholder action. The following is a rollforward of shares of common stock for the three years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 :      Common Stock In thousands Issued Treasury Balance at January 1, 2015 448,854 28,734 Issuance of stock for various plans, net 62 (4,230 ) Repurchase of stock — 12,272 Balance at December 31, 2015 448,916 36,776 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (2,745 ) Repurchase of stock — 3,640 Balance at December 31, 2016 448,916 37,671 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (2,577 ) Repurchase of stock — 881 Balance at December 31, 2017 448,916 35,975   NOTE 16 RETIREMENT PLANS International Paper sponsors and maintains the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the “Pension Plan”), a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides retirement benefits to substantially all U.S. salaried employees and hourly employees (receiving salaried benefits) hired prior to July 1, 2004, and substantially all other U.S. hourly and union employees who work at a participating business unit regardless of hire date. These employees generally are  eligible to participate in the Pension Plan upon attaining  21  years of age and completing one year of eligibility service. U.S. salaried employees and hourly employees (receiving salaried benefits) hired after June 30, 2004 are not eligible to participate in the Pension Plan, but receive a company contribution to their individual savings plan accounts (see Other U.S. Plans); however, salaried employees hired by Temple Inland prior to March 1, 2007 or Weyerhaeuser Company's Cellulose Fibers division prior to December 1, 2011 also participate in the Pension Plan. The Pension Plan provides defined pension benefits based on years of credited service and either final average earnings (salaried employees and hourly employees receiving salaried benefits), hourly job rates or specified benefit rates (hourly and union employees).  The Company also has three unfunded nonqualified defined benefit pension plans: a Pension Restoration Plan available to employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 that provides retirement benefits based on eligible compensation in excess of limits set by the Internal Revenue Service, and two supplemental retirement plans for senior managers (SERP), which is an alternative retirement plan for salaried employees who are senior vice presidents and above or who are designated by the chief executive officer as participants. These nonqualified plans are only funded to the extent of benefits paid, which totaled  $40 million ,  $21 million  and  $62 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively, and which are expected to be  $30 million  in  2018 . The Company will freeze participation, including credited service and compensation, for salaried employees under the Pension Plan, the Pension Restoration Plan and the two SERP plans for all service on or after January 1, 2019. This change will not affect benefits accrued through December 31, 2018. For service after this date, employees affected by the freeze will receive Retirement Savings Account contributions as described later in this  Note 16 . 69 Table of Contents Many non-U.S. employees are covered by various retirement benefit arrangements, some of which are considered to be defined benefit pension plans for accounting purposes. OBLIGATIONS AND FUNDED STATUS The following table shows the changes in the benefit obligation and plan assets for  2017  and  2016 , and the plans’ funded status.     2017 2016 In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Change in projected benefit obligation:         Benefit obligation, January 1 $ 13,683 $ 219 $ 14,438 $ 204 Service cost 160 4 158 4 Interest cost 536 9 580 9 Settlements (1,295 ) (4 ) (1,222 ) (2 ) Actuarial loss (gain) 913 2 495 35 Acquisitions — 5 1 — Divestitures 33 — — — Plan amendments 3 — — (1 ) Benefits paid (769 ) (8 ) (767 ) (9 ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — 20 — (21 ) Benefit obligation, December 31 $ 13,264 $ 247 $ 13,683 $ 219 Change in plan assets:         Fair value of plan assets, January 1 $ 10,312 $ 153 $ 10,923 $ 155 Actual return on plan assets 1,830 10 607 17 Company contributions 1,290 10 771 8 Benefits paid (769 ) (8 ) (767 ) (9 ) Settlements (1,295 ) (4 ) (1,222 ) (2 ) Other — 3 — — Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — 12 — (16 ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 $ 11,368 $ 176 $ 10,312 $ 153 Funded status, December 31 $ (1,896 ) $ (71 ) $ (3,371 ) $ (66 ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:         Non-current asset $ — $ 5 $ — $ 6 Current liability (30 ) (3 ) (40 ) (3 ) Non-current liability (1,866 ) (73 ) (3,331 ) (69 )   $ (1,896 ) $ (71 ) $ (3,371 ) $ (66 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income under ASC 715 (pre-tax):         Prior service cost $ 88 $ (1 ) $ 125 $ — Net actuarial loss 3,893 67 4,757 61   $ 3,981 $ 66 $ 4,882 $ 61   The components of the  $901 million  and  $5 million  change related to U.S. plans and non-U.S. plans, respectively, in the amounts recognized in OCI during  2017  consisted of:   In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Current year actuarial (gain) loss $ (143 ) $ 2 Amortization of actuarial loss (339 ) (2 ) Current year prior service cost 3 — Amortization of prior service cost (28 ) — Settlements (383 ) (1 ) Curtailments (11 ) — Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — 6   $ (901 ) $ 5 The portion of the change in the funded status that was recognized in either net periodic benefit cost or OCI for the U.S. plans was  $(184) million ,  $626 million  and  $505 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The portion of the change in funded status for the non-U.S. plans was   $10 million ,  $23 million , and  $8 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The accumulated benefit obligation at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  was  $13.2 billion  and  $13.5 billion , respectively, for our U.S. defined benefit plans and   $230 million  and  $205 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  for our non-U.S. defined benefit plans. The following table summarizes information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 :      2017 2016 In millions U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Projected benefit obligation $ 13,264 $ 215 $ 13,683 $ 190 Accumulated benefit obligation 13,161 200 13,535 177 Fair value of plan assets 11,368 139 10,312 118 ASC 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits” provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and losses, including amounts arising from changes in the estimated projected plan benefit obligation due to changes in the assumed discount rate, differences between the actual and expected return on plan assets and other assumption changes. These net gains and losses are recognized prospectively over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains in subsequent years. The estimated net loss and prior service cost that will be amortized from AOCI into net periodic pension cost for the U.S. plans during the next  70 Table of Contents fiscal year are expected to be  $327 million  and  $17 million , respectively. NET PERIODIC PENSION EXPENSE Service cost is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the plans’ benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost represents the increase in the projected benefit obligation, which is a discounted amount, due to the passage of time. The expected return on plan assets reflects the computed amount of current-year earnings from the investment of plan assets using an estimated long-term rate of return. Net periodic pension expense for qualified and nonqualified U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit plans comprised the following:      2017 2016 2015 In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Service cost $ 160 $ 4 $ 158 $ 4 $ 161 $ 6 Interest cost 536 9 580 9 597 10 Expected return on plan assets (774 ) (11 ) (815 ) (10 ) (783 ) (11 ) Actuarial loss / (gain) 339 2 400 1 428 1 Amortization of prior service cost 28 — 41 — 43 — Curtailment loss / (gain) (a) 23 — — — — — Settlement loss 383 1 445 — 15 — Special termination benefits (a) 22 — — — — — Net periodic pension expense $ 717 $ 5 $ 809 $ 4 $ 461 $ 6 (a)    Recorded in Discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations.   The decrease in  2017  pension expense reflects lower settlement losses and lower actuarial losses partially offset by lower asset returns due to the annuity purchase as well as curtailment and special termination benefit charges. On September 26, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity contract and transfer approximately  $1.3 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction closed on October 3, 2017 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction,    at the end of 2017, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  45,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $450  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 3, 2017 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $376 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, large payments from the non-qualified pension plan also required a remeasurement as of October 2, 2017 and a non-cash settlement charge of  $7 million  was also recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017. In the first quarter of 2016 International Paper  announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity for former employees who are participants in the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. The amount of total payments under this program was approximately  $1.2 billion , and were made from Plan trust assets on June 30, 2016.  Based on the level of payments made, settlement accounting rules applied and resulted in a plan remeasurement as of the June 30, 2016 payment date. As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized a pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss, after remeasurement, resulting in a  $439 million  non-cash charge to the Company's earnings in the second quarter of 2016.  Additional payments of  $8 million  and  $9 million  were made during the third and fourth quarters, respectively, due to mandatory cash payouts and a small lump sum payout, and the Pension Plan was subsequently remeasured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016.  As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized non-cash settlement charges of  $3 million  in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016. ASSUMPTIONS International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) and considers changes in these long-term factors based upon market conditions and the requirements for employers’ accounting for pensions. These assumptions are used to calculate benefit obligations as of December 31 of the current year and pension expense to be recorded in the following year (i.e., the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation as of  December 31, 2017  was also the discount rate used to determine net pension expense for the  2018  year). 71 Table of Contents Major actuarial assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations and net periodic pension cost for our defined benefit plans are presented in the following table:    2017 2016 2015    U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31:             Discount rate 3.60 % 3.59 % 4.10 % 3.88 % 4.40 % 4.64 % Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 4.06 % 3.75 % 4.20 % 3.75 % 4.12 % Actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost for years ended December 31:             Discount rate (a) 4.03 % 3.88 % 4.05 % 4.72 % 4.10 % 4.72 % Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.50 % 6.73 % 7.75 % 6.55 % 7.75 % 6.64 % Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 4.20 % 3.75 % 4.03 % 3.75 % 4.03 %   (a)    Represents the weighted average rate for the U.S. qualified plans in 2017 and 2016 due to the remeasurements. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. Projected rates of return are developed through an asset/liability study in which projected returns for each of the plan’s asset classes are determined after analyzing historical experience and future expectations of returns and volatility of the various asset classes.  Based on the target asset allocation for each asset class, the overall expected rate of return for the portfolio is developed considering the effects of active portfolio management and expenses paid from plan assets. The discount rate assumption was determined from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. A settlement portfolio is selected and matched to the present value of the plan’s projected benefit payments. To calculate pension expense for  2018 , the Company will use an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of  7.50%  for the Retirement Plan of International Paper, a discount rate of  3.60%  and an assumed rate of compensation increase of  3.75% . The Company estimates that it will record net pension expense of approximately  $167 million  for its U.S. defined benefit plans in  2018 , compared to expense of  $717 million  in  2017 . The 2017 expense includes  $45 million  of curtailment and special pension benefits associated with the North American Consumer Packaging business and  $383 million  of settlement accounting charges. Excluding these settlement charges and curtailment and special pension benefits, the estimated decrease in net pension expense in 2018 is primarily due to lower interest cost on the reduced pension obligation and a higher expected return on assets associated with the increased pension asset balance. For non-U.S. pension plans, assumptions reflect economic assumptions applicable to each country.   The following illustrates the effect on pension expense for  2018  of a  25  basis point decrease in the above assumptions:   In millions 2018 Expense/(Income):   Discount rate $ 35 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 27 Rate of compensation increase (1 ) PLAN ASSETS International Paper’s Board of Directors has appointed a Fiduciary Review Committee that is responsible for fiduciary oversight of the U.S. Pension Plan, approving investment policy and reviewing the management and control of plan assets. Pension Plan assets are invested to maximize returns within prudent levels of risk.  The Pension Plan maintains a strategic asset allocation policy that designates target allocations by asset class. Investments are diversified across classes and within each class to minimize the risk of large losses. Derivatives, including swaps, forward and futures contracts, may be used as asset class substitutes or for hedging or other risk management purposes. Periodic reviews are made of investment policy objectives and investment manager performance. For non-U.S. plans, assets consist principally of common stock and fixed income securities. International Paper’s U.S. pension allocations by type of fund at December 31, and target allocations were as follows: Asset Class 2017 2016 Target Allocations Equity accounts 49 % 51 % 42% - 53% Fixed income accounts 36 % 27 % 32% - 44% Real estate accounts 10 % 10 % 7% - 13% Other 5 % 12 % 3% - 8% Total 100 % 100 %   72 Table of Contents The fair values of International Paper’s pension plan assets at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  by asset class are shown below. Plan assets included an immaterial amount of International Paper common stock at December 31, 2016. Hedge funds disclosed in the following table are allocated equally between equity and fixed income accounts for target allocation purposes.  Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2017 Asset Class Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions             Equities – domestic $ 1,291 $ 1,291 $ — $ — Equities – international 2,132 2,119 13 — Corporate bonds 1,177 — 1,177 — Government securities 2,778 — 2,778 — Mortgage backed securities 1 — — 1 Other fixed income (802 ) — (814 ) 12 Commodities — — — — Derivatives 8 — (8 ) 16 Cash and cash equivalents 397 397 — — Other investments:           Equities - domestic 708         Equities - international 866         Corporate bonds 66         Other fixed income 232         Hedge funds 927         Private equity 481         Real estate 1,106       Total Investments $ 11,368 $ 3,807 $ 3,146 $ 29 Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2016 Asset Class Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions             Equities – domestic $ 2,208 $ 1,380 $ 828 $ — Equities – international 2,575 1,806 769 — Corporate bonds 1,018 — 1,018 — Government securities 870 — 870 — Mortgage backed securities 41 — 40 1 Other fixed income 245 — 234 11 Commodities 324 — 324 — Derivatives (71 ) — — (71 ) Cash and cash equivalents 322 322 — — Other investments:           Hedge funds 891         Private equity 472         Real estate 1,015         Risk parity funds 402       Total Investments $ 10,312 $ 3,508 $ 4,083 $ (59 ) In accordance with accounting standards, the following investments are measured at NAV and are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. Some of the investments have    redemption limitations, restrictions, and notice requirements which are further explained below.  Other Investments at December 31, 2017 Investment Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Redemption Frequency Remediation Notice Period Equities - domestic $ 708 $ — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Equities - international 866 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Corporate bonds 66 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Other fixed income 232 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Hedge funds 927 — Daily to annually 1 - 100 days Private equity 481 262 None None Real estate 1,106 121 Quarterly 45 - 60 days Total $ 4,386 $ 383 Other Investments at December 31, 2016 Investment Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Redemption Frequency Remediation Notice Period Hedge funds $ 891 $ — Daily to annually 1 - 100 days Private equity 472 226 None None Real estate 1,015 224 Quarterly 45 - 60 days Risk parity funds 402 — Monthly 5 - 15 days Total $ 2,780 $ 450     Equity securities consist primarily of publicly traded U.S. companies and international companies. Publicly traded equities are valued at the closing prices reported in the active market in which the individual securities are traded.  Fixed income consists of government securities, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and common collective funds. Government securities are valued by third-party pricing sources. Mortgage-backed security holdings consist primarily of agency-rated holdings. The fair value estimates for mortgage securities are calculated by third-party pricing sources chosen by the custodian’s price matrix. Corporate bonds are valued using either the yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings or using a discounted cash flows approach that utilizes observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable, such as credit and liquidity risks. Common collective funds are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the number of shares held as of the measurement date. Hedge funds are investment structures for managing private, loosely-regulated investment pools that can pursue a diverse array of investment strategies with a wide range of different securities and derivative instruments. These investments are made through funds-of-funds (commingled, multi-manager fund structures) and through direct investments in individual hedge funds. Hedge funds are primarily valued by each fund’s third-party administrator based upon the valuation of the underlying securities and instruments  73 Table of Contents and primarily by applying a market or income valuation methodology as appropriate depending on the specific type of security or instrument held. Funds-of-funds are valued based upon the net asset values of the underlying investments in hedge funds. Private equity consists of interests in partnerships that invest in U.S. and non-U.S. debt and equity securities. Partnership interests are valued using the most recent general partner statement of fair value, updated for any subsequent partnership interest cash flows. Real estate includes commercial properties, land and timberland, and generally includes, but is not limited to, retail, office, industrial, multifamily and hotel properties. Real estate fund values are primarily reported by the fund manager and are based on valuation of the    underlying investments which include inputs such as cost, discounted cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. Derivative investments such as futures, forward contracts, options and swaps are used to help manage risks. Derivatives are generally employed as an asset class substitutes (such as when employed in a portable alpha strategy), for managing asset/liability mismatches, or bona fide hedging or other appropriate risk management purposes.    Derivative instruments are generally valued by the investment managers or in certain instances by third-party pricing sources. The following is a reconciliation of the assets that are classified using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) at  December 31, 2017 . Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions Mortgage backed securities Other fixed income Derivatives Total Beginning balance at December 31, 2015 $ — $ 10 $ (20 ) $ (10 ) Actual return on plan assets:         Relating to assets still held at the reporting date — 1 (66 ) (65 ) Relating to assets sold during the period — — (24 ) (24 ) Purchases, sales and settlements 1 — 39 40 Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  — — — — Ending balance at December 31, 2016 $ 1 $ 11 $ (71 ) $ (59 ) Actual return on plan assets:         Relating to assets still held at the reporting date — 1 94 95 Relating to assets sold during the period — — (23 ) (23 ) Purchases, sales and settlements — — 16 16 Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  — — — — Ending balance at December 31, 2017 $ 1 $ 12 $ 16 $ 29   FUNDING AND CASH FLOWS The Company’s funding policy for the Pension Plan is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the Company may determine to be appropriate considering the funded status of the plans, tax deductibility, cash  flow generated by the Company, and other factors. The  Company continually reassesses the amount and  timing of any discretionary contributions.  Contributions to the qualified plan totaling  $1.25 billion ,  $750 million  and  $750 million  were made by the Company in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Generally, International Paper’s non-U.S. pension plans are funded using the projected benefit as a target, except in certain countries where funding of benefit plans is not required.   At  December 31, 2017 , projected future pension benefit payments, excluding any termination benefits, were as follows:   In millions    2018 $ 708 2019 709 2020 718 2021 727 2022 735 2023-2027 3,763 OTHER U.S. PLANS International Paper sponsors the International Paper Company Salaried Savings Plan and the International Paper Company Hourly Savings Plan, both of which are  74 Table of Contents tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) savings plans. Substantially all U.S. salaried and certain hourly employees are eligible to participate and may make elective deferrals to such plans to save for retirement. International Paper makes matching contributions to participant accounts on a specified percentage of employee deferrals as determined by the provisions of each plan. For eligible employees hired after June 30, 2004, the Company makes Retirement Savings Account contributions equal to a percentage of an eligible employee’s pay.  The Company also sponsors the International Paper Company Deferred Compensation Savings Plan, which is an unfunded nonqualified defined contribution plan. This plan permits eligible employees to continue to make deferrals and receive company matching contributions (and Retirement Savings Account contributions) when their contributions to the International Paper Salaried Savings Plan are stopped due to limitations under U.S. tax law. Participant deferrals and company contributions are not invested in a separate trust, but are paid directly from International Paper’s general assets at the time benefits become due and payable. Company contributions to the plans totaled approximately  $117 million ,  $106 million  and  $100 million  for the plan years ending in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. NOTE 17 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS U.S. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS International Paper provides certain retiree health care and life insurance benefits covering certain U.S. salaried and hourly employees. These employees are generally eligible for benefits upon retirement and completion of a specified number of years of creditable service. International Paper does not fund these benefits prior to payment and has the right to modify or terminate certain of these plans in the future. In addition to the U.S. plan, certain Brazilian and Moroccan employees are eligible for retiree health care and life insurance benefits.   The components of postretirement benefit expense in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows:   In millions 2017 2016 2015   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Service cost $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ 1 Interest cost 11 2 11 3 11 5 Actuarial loss 8 3 5 2 6 1 Amortization of prior service credits (3 ) (4 ) (4 ) (4 ) (10 ) (2 ) Net postretirement (benefit) expense $ 17 $ 1 $ 13 $ 1 $ 8 $ 5 International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) and considers changes in these long-term factors based upon market conditions and the requirements of employers’ accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions. The discount rate assumption was determined based on a hypothetical settlement portfolio selected from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. The discount rates used to determine net U.S. and non-U.S. postretirement benefit cost for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows:     2017 2016 2015   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Discount rate 4.00 % 10.53 % 4.20 % 12.23 % 3.90 % 11.52 % The weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:     2017 2016   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Discount rate 3.50 % 9.38 % 4.00 % 10.53 % Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 6.50 % 10.27 % 6.50 % 10.90 % Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 5.00 % 5.15 % 5.00 % 5.81 % Year that the rate reaches the rate it is assumed to remain 2022 2028 2022 2027 75 Table of Contents A 1% increase in the assumed annual health care cost trend rate would have increased the U.S. and non-U.S. accumulated postretirement benefit obligations at  December 31, 2017  by approximately  $12 million  and   $6 million , respectively. A 1% decrease in the annual trend rate would have decreased the U.S. and non-U.S. accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at  December 31, 2017  by approximately  $10 million  and  $4 million , respectively. The effect on net postretirement benefit cost from a 1% increase or decrease would be approximately  $1 million  for both U.S. and non-U.S. plans. The plans are only funded in an amount equal to benefits paid. The following table presents the changes in benefit obligation and plan assets for  2017  and  2016 :   In millions 2017 2016   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Change in projected benefit obligation:         Benefit obligation, January 1 $ 280 $ 23 $ 275 $ 45 Service cost 1 — 1 — Interest cost 11 2 11 3 Participants’ contributions 5 — 5 — Actuarial (gain) loss 14 2 31 5 Plan amendments — — — (35 ) Benefits paid (42 ) (2 ) (44 ) (1 ) Less: Federal subsidy 1 — 1 — Currency Impact — — — 6 Benefit obligation, December 31 $ 270 $ 25 $ 280 $ 23 Change in plan assets:         Fair value of plan assets, January 1 $ — $ — $ — $ — Company contributions 37 2 39 1 Participants’ contributions 5 — 5 — Benefits paid (42 ) (2 ) (44 ) (1 ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 $ — $ — $ — $ — Funded status, December 31 $ (270 ) $ (25 ) $ (280 ) $ (23 ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under ASC 715:         Current liability $ (28 ) $ (1 ) $ (29 ) $ (2 ) Non-current liability (242 ) (24 ) (251 ) (21 )   $ (270 ) $ (25 ) $ (280 ) $ (23 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income under ASC 715 (pre-tax):         Net actuarial loss (gain) $ 74 $ 19 $ 68 $ 21 Prior service credit (6 ) (30 ) (8 ) (34 )   $ 68 $ (11 ) $ 60 $ (13 )   The non-current portion of the liability is included with the postemployment liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under Postretirement and postemployment benefit obligation. The components of the  $8 million  and   $2 million  change in the amounts recognized in OCI during  2017  for U.S. and non-U.S. plans, respectively, consisted of:   In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Current year actuarial loss $ 14 $ 1 Amortization of actuarial (loss) gain (8 ) (3 ) Current year prior service cost — — Amortization of prior service credit 2 4 Currency impact — —   $ 8 $ 2 The portion of the change in the funded status that was recognized in either net periodic benefit cost or OCI for the U.S. plans was  $25 million ,  $42 million  and  $17 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The portion of the change in funded status for the non-U.S. plans was   $3 million ,  $(25) million , and  $0 million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The estimated amounts of net loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from OCI into net U.S. postretirement benefit cost in  2018  are expected to be  $8 million  and  $(2) million , respectively.  The estimated amounts for non-U.S. plans in  2018  are expected to be  $2 million  and  $(4) million , respectively. At  December 31, 2017 , estimated total future postretirement benefit payments, net of participant contributions and estimated future Medicare Part D subsidy receipts, were as follows:   In millions Benefit Payments Subsidy Receipts Benefit Payments   U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans 2018 $ 29 $ 1 $ 1 2019 27 1 1 2020 25 1 1 2021 24 1 — 2022 22 1 — 2023 – 2027 91 5 4 76 Table of Contents NOTE 18 INCENTIVE PLANS International Paper currently has an Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) which, upon the approval by the Company’s shareholders in May 2009, replaced the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (LTICP). The ICP authorizes grants of restricted stock, restricted or deferred stock units, performance awards payable in cash or stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals, dividend equivalents, stock options, stock appreciation rights, other stock-based awards, and cash-based awards at the discretion of the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) that administers the ICP.   Additionally, restricted stock, which may be deferred into RSU’s, may be awarded under a Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN Under the Performance Share Plan (PSP), contingent awards of International Paper common stock are granted by the Committee. The PSP awards are earned over a three-year period. PSP awards are earned based on the achievement of defined performance rankings of ROIC and TSR compared to ROIC and TSR peer groups of companies. Awards are weighted  75%  for ROIC and  25%  for TSR for all participants except for officers for whom the awards are weighted  50%  for ROIC and  50%  for TSR. The ROIC component of the PSP awards is valued at the closing stock price on the day prior to the grant date. As the ROIC component contains a performance condition, compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded over the requisite service period based on the most probable number of awards expected to vest. The TSR component of the PSP awards is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation as the TSR component contains a market condition. The Monte Carlo simulation estimates the fair value of the TSR component based on the expected term of the award, a risk-free rate, expected dividends, and the expected volatility for the Company and its competitors. The expected term is estimated based on the vesting period of the awards, the risk-free rate is based on the yield on U.S. Treasury securities matching the vesting period, and the volatility is based on the Company’s historical volatility over the expected term. PSP grants are made in performance-based restricted stock units.    The following table sets forth the assumptions used to determine compensation cost for the market condition component of the PSP plan:      Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2017 Expected volatility 22.75%-23.39% Risk-free interest rate 1.10%-1.47% The following summarizes PSP activity for the three years ending  December 31, 2017 :     Share/Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding at December 31, 2014 7,275,934 $34.98 Granted 1,863,623 53.25 Shares issued (2,959,160 ) 37.09 Forfeited (322,664 ) 53.97 Outstanding at December 31, 2015 5,857,733 38.69 Granted 2,617,982 37.26 Shares issued (2,316,085 ) 43.82 Forfeited (209,500 ) 43.61 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 5,950,130 35.89 Granted 2,163,912 51.78 Shares issued (1,876,134 ) 51.00 Forfeited (438,024 ) 45.96 Outstanding at December 31, 2017 5,799,884 $36.17 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD PROGRAMS The service-based Restricted Stock Award program (RSA), designed for recruitment, retention and special recognition purposes, provides for awards of restricted stock to key employees. The following summarizes the activity of the RSA program for the three years ending  December 31, 2017 :     Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding at December 31, 2014 114,599 $47.03 Granted 36,300 50.06 Shares issued (27,365 ) 45.35 Forfeited (3,166 ) 50.04 Outstanding at December 31, 2015 120,368 48.24 Granted 117,881 42.81 Shares issued (59,418 ) 47.14 Forfeited (9,500 ) 39.36 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 169,331 45.34 Granted 63,319 57.24 Shares issued (59,650 ) 47.90 Forfeited (6,700 ) 53.53 Outstanding at December 31, 2017 166,300 $48.63 77 Table of Contents At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  a total of  13.2 million ,  14.3 million  and  16.2 million  shares, respectively, were available for grant under the ICP. Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows: In millions 2017 2016 2015 Total stock-based compensation expense (included in selling and administrative expense) $ 147 $ 124 $ 107 Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation 45 34 88 At  December 31, 2017 ,  $86 million  of compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted performance shares, executive continuity awards and restricted stock attributable to future performance had not yet been recognized. This amount will be recognized in expense over a weighted-average period of  1.8  years. NOTE 19 FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA International Paper’s business segments, Industrial Packaging, Global Cellulose Fibers and Printing Papers, are consistent with the internal structure used to manage these businesses. See the  Description of Industry Segments  in  Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for a description of the types of products and services from which each reportable segment derives its revenues.  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the previously announced transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. The North American Consumer Packaging business was historically presented in the Company's Consumer Packaging segment; however, as a result of this transfer, all current and prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business as a discontinued operation. In addition, after the announced transfer during the fourth quarter of 2017, the chief operating decision maker began evaluating the European Coated Paperboard business, previously presented in the Company's Consumer Packaging business segment, as part of the Industrial Packaging business segment. As such, amounts related to the European Coated Paperboard business have been presented in the Industrial Packaging business segment for all periods presented. All segments are differentiated on a common product, common customer basis consistent with the business segmentation generally used in the Forest Products industry.   Business segment operating profits are used by International Paper’s management to measure the earnings performance of its businesses. Management believes that this measure allows a better understanding of trends in costs, operating efficiencies, prices and volumes. Business segment operating profits are defined as earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings, but including the impact of equity earnings and noncontrolling interests, excluding corporate items and corporate special items.  External sales by major product is determined by aggregating sales from each segment based on similar products or services. External sales are defined as those that are made to parties outside International Paper’s consolidated group, whereas sales by segment in the Net Sales table are determined using a management approach and include intersegment sales. The Company also holds a  50%  interest in Ilim that is a separate reportable industry segment. The Company                                                                        recorded equity earnings (losses), net of taxes, of  $183 million ,  $199 million ,  and  $131 million  in  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively, for Ilim. Equity earnings (losses) includes an after-tax foreign exchange gain (loss) of  $15 million ,  $25 million , and  $(75) million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively, primarily on the remeasurement of U.S. dollar-denominated net debt.  Summarized financial information for Ilim which is accounted for under the equity method is presented in the following tables. The audited U.S. GAAP financial statements for Ilim are included in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K. Balance Sheet In millions 2017   2016 Current assets $ 689   $ 774 Noncurrent assets 1,696   1,351 Current liabilities 1,039   402 Noncurrent liabilities 972   1,426 Noncontrolling interests 6   22 Income Statement In millions 2017   2016   2015 Net sales $ 2,150   $ 1,927   $ 1,931 Gross profit 1,047   957   971 Income from continuing operations 379   419   254 Net income attributable to Ilim 362   391   237 78 Table of Contents At December 31,  2017  and  2016 , the Company's investment in Ilim, which is recorded in Investments in the consolidated balance sheet, was  $338 million  and  $302 million , respectively, which was  $154 million  and  $164 million , respectively, more than the Company's proportionate share of the joint venture's underlying net assets. The differences primarily relate to purchase price fair value adjustments and currency translation adjustments. The Company is party to a joint marketing agreement with Ilim, under which the Company purchases, markets and sells paper produced by Ilim. Purchases under this agreement were  $205 million ,  $170 million  and  $170 million  for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT Net Sales In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ 15,077   $ 14,226   $ 14,559 Global Cellulose Fibers 2,551   1,092   975 Printing Papers 4,157   4,058   4,056 Corporate and Intersegment Sales (a) (42 )   119   1,085 Net Sales $ 21,743   $ 19,495   $ 20,675 Operating Profit In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ 1,547   $ 1,741   $ 1,938 Global Cellulose Fibers 65   (179 )   68 Printing Papers 457   540   465 Business Segment Operating Profit 2,069   2,102   2,471             Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 848   795   1,132 Interest expense, net 572   520   555 Noncontrolling interests / equity earnings adjustment (b) (2 )   1   8 Corporate items, net (a) 91   121   96 Corporate special items, net (a) 76   55   422 Non-operating pension expense 484   610   258 $ 2,069   $ 2,102   $ 2,471   Restructuring and Other Charges In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ —   $ 7   $ — Global Cellulose Fibers —   —   — Printing Papers —   —   — Corporate (c) 67   47   252 Restructuring and Other Charges $ 67   $ 54   $ 252 Assets In millions 2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 15,354   $ 14,707 Global Cellulose Fibers 3,913   3,845 Printing Papers 4,054   3,965 Corporate and other (d) 10,582   10,576 Assets $ 33,903   $ 33,093 Capital Spending In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ 836   $ 832   $ 871 Global Cellulose Fibers 188   174   129 Printing Papers 235   215   232 Subtotal 1,259   1,221   1,232 Corporate and other (e) 21   20   78 Capital Spending $ 1,280   $ 1,241   $ 1,310 Depreciation, Amortization and Cost of Timber Harvested (f) In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ 781   $ 730   $ 739 Global Cellulose Fibers 261   108   73 Printing Papers 245   232   234 Corporate (g) 56   54   121 Depreciation and Amortization $ 1,343   $ 1,124   $ 1,167 External Sales By Major Product   In millions 2017   2016   2015 Industrial Packaging $ 14,946   $ 14,142   $ 14,496 Global Cellulose Fibers 2,524   1,090   986 Printing Papers 4,142   4,062   4,082 Other (h) 131   201   1,111 Net Sales $ 21,743   $ 19,495   $ 20,675 79 Table of Contents INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA Net Sales (i) In millions 2017   2016   2015 United States (j) $ 16,247   $ 14,363   $ 14,875 EMEA 3,129   2,852   2,759 Pacific Rim and Asia 625   699   1,501 Americas, other than U.S. 1,742   1,581   1,540 Net Sales $ 21,743   $ 19,495   $ 20,675 Long-Lived Assets (k) In millions 2017   2016 United States $ 10,545   $ 10,532 EMEA 1,302   1,009 Pacific Rim and Asia 236   246 Americas, other than U.S. 1,630   1,672 Long-Lived Assets $ 13,713   $ 13,459   (a) Includes sales of  $15 million  in 2017,  $42 million  in 2016 and  $931 million  in 2015, operating profits (losses) of   $0 million  in 2017,  $(2) million  in 2016 and  $(62) million  in 2015, and corporate special items expense of  $9 million  in 2017,  $9 million  in 2016 and  $184 million  in 2015, from previously divested businesses.  (b) Operating profits for industry segments include each segment’s percentage share of the profits of subsidiaries included in that segment that are less than wholly-owned. The pre-tax noncontrolling interests and equity earnings for these subsidiaries is added here to present consolidated earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings. (c) Includes corporate expenses and expenses of  $9 million  in 2017,  $9 million  in 2016 and  $10 million  in 2015, from previously divested businesses. (d) Includes corporate assets, assets of businesses held for sale and assets of previously divested businesses. (e) Includes corporate assets and assets of previously divested businesses of  $0 million  in 2017,  $1 million  in 2016 and  $26 million  in 2015. (f) Excludes accelerated depreciation related to the closure and/or repurposing of mills. (g) Includes  $1 million  in 2017,  $2 million  in 2016 and  $74 million   in 2015 from previously divested businesses. (h) Includes  $15 million  in 2017,  $42 million  in 2016, and  $930 million  in 2015 from previously divested businesses. (i) Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the seller. (j) Export sales to unaffiliated customers were  $2.9 billion  in  2017 ,  $1.8 billion  in  2016  and  $1.8 billion  in  2015 . (k) Long-Lived Assets includes Forestlands and Plants, Properties and Equipment, net.   80 Table of Contents INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED) In millions, except per share amounts and stock prices 1st Quarter   2nd Quarter   3rd Quarter   4th Quarter   Year   2017                     Net sales $ 5,132    $ 5,383    $ 5,517    $ 5,711    $ 21,743   Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 217 (a) (23 ) (a)  457 (a)  197 (a)  848 (a) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 17 (b) (4 ) (b) 29 (b) (8 ) (b) 34 (b) Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 209 (a-c) 80 (a-c)  395 (a-c)  1,460 (a-c)  2,144 (a-c) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 0.47 (a) $ 0.20 (a)  $ 0.89 (a)  $ 3.56 (a)  $ 5.11 (a) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.04 (b) (0.01 ) (b) 0.07 (b) (0.02 ) (b) 0.08 (b) Net earnings (loss) 0.51 (a-c) 0.19 (a-c)  0.96 (a-c)  3.54 (a-c)  5.19 (a-c) Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 0.46 (a) 0.20 (a) 0.88 (a) 3.52 (a) 5.05 (a) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.04 (b) (0.01 ) (b) 0.07 (b) (0.02 ) (b) 0.08 (b) Net earnings (loss) 0.50 (a-c) 0.19 (a-c)  0.95 (a-c)  3.50 (a-c)  5.13 (a-c) Dividends per share of common stock 0.4625    0.4625    0.4625    0.4750    1.8625   Common stock prices                     High $ 58.86    $ 57.24    $ 58.95    $ 58.96    $ 58.96   Low 49.62    49.60    51.28    53.10    49.60   2016                     Net sales $ 4,717    $ 4,914    $ 4,864    $ 5,000    $ 19,495   Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 307 (d) (76 ) (d)  320 (d)  244 (d)  795 (d)  Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 4 (e) 40 (e) 34 (e) 24 (e) 102 (e) Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 334 (d-f) 40 (d-f) 312 (d-f) 218 (d-f) 904 (d-f) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:           Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 0.80 (d) $ 0.00 (d)  $ 0.68 (d)  $ 0.47 (d)  $ 1.95 (d)  Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.01 (e) 0.10 (e) 0.08 (e) 0.06 (e) 0.25 (e) Net earnings (loss) 0.81 (d-f) 0.10 (d-f)  0.76 (d-f)  0.53 (d-f)  2.20 (d-f)  Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:           Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 0.80 (d) 0.00 (d)  0.67 (d)  0.47 (d)  1.93 (d)  Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.01 (e) 0.10 (e) 0.08 (e) 0.06 (e) 0.25 (e) Net earnings (loss) 0.81 (d-f) 0.10 (d-f)  0.75 (d-f)  0.53 (d-f)  2.18 (d-f)  Dividends per share of common stock 0.4400    0.4400    0.4400    0.4625    1.7825   Common stock prices                     High $ 42.09    $ 44.60    $ 49.90    $ 54.68    $ 54.68   Low 32.50    39.24    41.08    43.55    32.50   81 Table of Contents Note: Since basic and diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each period and category, full year per share amounts may not equal the sum of the four quarters. In addition, the unaudited selected consolidated financial data are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and have been revised to  reflect discontinued operations. Footnotes to Interim Financial Results (a) Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   $ —   $ (14 )   $ —   $ — Costs associated with the pulp business acquired in 2016   4   5   6   18 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   14   —   —   — Holmen bargain purchase gain   (6 )   —   —   — Abandoned property removal   2   5   7   6 Kleen Products settlement   —   354   —   — Asia Foodservice sale   —   9   —   — Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization   —   —   10   — Debt extinguishment costs   —   —   —   83 Interest income on income tax refund claims   —   (4 )   —   (1 ) Other items   —   (2 )   —   — Non-operating pension expense   31   34   33   386 Total   $ 45   $ 387   $ 56   $ 492 (b)    Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year. Also includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 17 Non-operating pension expense   —   —   —   45 Total   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 62   (c)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):     2017   In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4   International legal entity restructuring   $ 15   $ —   $ 19   $ —   Income tax refund claims   —   (85 )   —   (28 )   Cash pension contribution   —   38   —   —   International Tax Law Change   —   —   —   9   Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   —   —   —   (1,222 )   Tax impact of other special items   (8 )   (137 )   (8 )   (41 )   Total   $ 7   $ (184 )   $ 11   $ (1,282 )   (d)  Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2016 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 Riegelwood mill conversion costs   $ 9   $ —   $ —   $ — India Packaging evaluation write-off   —   —   17   — Early debt extinguishment costs   —   —   29   — Write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs   —   —   8   — Costs associated with the newly acquired pulp business   —   5   7   19 Asia Box impairment / restructuring   37   28   5   — Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical    (8 )   —   —   — Turkey mill closure   —   —   —   7 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   —   —   —   19 Non-operating pension expense   44   487   42   37 Total   $ 82   $ 520   $ 108   $ 82 (e)      Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year and a pre-tax charge of  $8 million  for a legal settlement associated with the xpedx business. (f)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):     2016 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 Cash pension contribution   $ —   $ 23   $ —   $ — U.S. Federal audit   (14 )   —   —   — Brazil goodwill   (57 )   —   —   — International legal entity restructuring   —   (6 )   —   — Luxembourg tax rate change   —   —   —   31 Tax impact of other special items   (3 )   (10 )   (24 )   (14 ) Total   $ (74 )   $ 7   $ (24 )   $ 17 82 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of  December 31, 2017 , an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of  December 31, 2017 . MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:   • pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; • provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to allow for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;   • provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements; and • provide reasonable assurance as to the detection of fraud. All internal control systems have inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumvention and overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives. The Company’s internal control system is supported by written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified. As of  December 31, 2017 , management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In a report included on pages  37  and  38 , management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2017 . In making this assessment, we used the criteria described in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, with direct access to our Board of Directors through our Audit and Finance Committee, has audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by us.  Deloitte & Touche LLP has also issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting.  Their report on the consolidated financial statements and attestation report are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report under the heading “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” MANAGEMENT’S PROCESS TO ASSESS THE EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we followed a comprehensive compliance process across the enterprise to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, engaging employees at all levels of the organization. Our internal control environment includes an enterprise-wide attitude of integrity and control consciousness that establishes a positive “tone at the top.” This is exemplified by our ethics program that includes long-standing principles and policies on ethical business conduct that require employees to maintain the highest ethical and legal standards in the conduct of our business, which have been distributed to all employees; a toll-free telephone helpline whereby any  83 Table of Contents employee may report suspected violations of law or our policy; and an office of ethics and business practice. The internal control system further includes careful selection and training of supervisory and management personnel, appropriate delegation of authority and division of responsibility, dissemination of accounting and business policies throughout the Company, and an extensive program of internal audits with management follow-up. Our Board of Directors, assisted by the Audit and Finance Committee, monitors the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting procedures, the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors, and other matters set forth in its charter. The Committee, which consists of independent directors, meets regularly with representatives of management, and with the independent auditors and the Internal Auditor, with and without management representatives in attendance, to review their activities. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended  December 31, 2017 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information concerning our directors is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors has at least one member who is a financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 401(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Further information concerning the composition of the Audit and Finance Committee and our audit committee financial experts is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. Information with respect to our executive officers is set forth on pages  5  and  6  in  Part I  of this Form 10-K under the caption, “ Executive Officers of the Registrant .” Executive officers of International Paper are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders and, until the election of successors, subject to removal by the Board.   The Company’s Code of Business Ethics (Code) is applicable to all employees of the Company, including the chief executive officer and senior financial officers, as well as the Board of Directors. We disclose any amendments to our Code and any waivers from a provision of our Code granted to our directors, chief executive officer and senior financial officers on our Internet Web site within four business days following such amendment or waiver. To date, no waivers of the Code have been granted. We make available free of charge on our Internet Web site at  www.internationalpaper.com , and in print to any shareholder who requests them, our Corporate Governance Principles, our Code of Business Ethics and the Charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee, Governance Committee and Public Policy and Environment Committee. Requests for copies may be directed to the corporate secretary at our corporate headquarters. Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act and our corporate governance is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information with respect to the compensation of executives and directors of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS A description of the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and equity compensation plan information is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE A description of certain relationships and related transactions is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. 84 Table of Contents ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Information with respect to fees paid to, and services rendered by, our principal accountant, and our policies and procedures for pre-approving those services, is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   (1) Financial Statements – See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. (2) Financial Statement Schedules – The following additional financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Schedules not included with this additional financial data have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. Additional Financial Data 2017 ,  2016  and  2015   Consolidated Schedule: II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 89 (2.1 ) Purchase Agreement dated as of May 1, 2016, between Weyerhaeuser NR Company and International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016).     (2.2 ) Transaction Agreement, dated October 23, 2017, by and among the Company, Graphic Packaging Holding Company, Gazelle Newco LLC and Graphic Packaging International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2017).     (3.1 ) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 13, 2013).     (3.2 ) By-laws of International Paper Company, as amended through February 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8, 2016).       (4.1 ) Indenture, dated as of April 12, 1999, between International Paper and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2000).     (4.2 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of June 4, 2008, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 2008).     (4.3 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2009).     (4.4 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 10, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2009).     (4.5 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of December 7, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7, 2009).     (4.6 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of November 16, 2011, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2011).     (4.7 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of June 10, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2014). (4.8 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of May 26, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2015).     (4.9 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 11, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2016).     (4.10 ) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 9, 2017, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 2017).     (4.11 ) In accordance with Item 601 (b) (4) (iii) (A) of Regulation S-K, certain instruments respecting long-term debt of the Company have been omitted but will be furnished to the Commission upon request.     (10.1 ) Amended and Restated 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 10, 2014). +     (10.2 ) Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Amended and Restated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). +     (10.3 ) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. * +     (10.4 ) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (cash settled). * +     (10.5 ) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (stock settled). * +     (10.6 ) Form of Performance Share Plan award certificate. * +     (10.7 ) Pension Restoration Plan for Salaried Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). +     (10.8 ) Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007). +     (10.9 ) Amendment No. 1 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 13, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2008). +     85 Table of Contents   (10.10 ) Amendment No. 2 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 14, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2008). +     (10.11 ) Amendment No. 3 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective December 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). +     (10.12 ) Amendment No. 4 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009). +     (10.13 ) Amendment No. 5 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 31, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009). +     (10.14 ) Amendment No. 6 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011). +     (10.15 ) Form of Non-Competition Agreement, entered into by certain Company employees (including named executive officers) who have received restricted stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). +     (10.16 ) Form of Non-Solicitation Agreement, entered into by certain Company employees (including named executive officers) who have received restricted stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006). +     (10.17 ) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier I, for the Chief Executive Officer and all "grandfathered" senior vice presidents elected prior to 2012 (all named executive officers) - approved September 2013  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013). +     86 Table of Contents (10.18 ) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier II, for all future senior vice presidents and all "grandfathered" vice presidents elected prior to February 2008 - approved September 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013). +     (10.19 ) Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003). +     (10.20 ) Board Policy on Severance Agreements with Senior Executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2005). +     (10.21 ) Board Policy on Change of Control Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2005). +     (10.22 ) Time Sharing Agreement, dated October 17, 2014 (and effective November 1, 2014), by and between Mark S. Sutton and International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 14, 2014). +     (10.23 ) Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016, among International Paper Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., individually and as administrative agent, and certain lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2017).     (10.24 ) Settlement Agreement dated June 27, 2017, by and between International Paper Company, Temple-Inland Inc., n/k/a Temple-Inland LLC, TIN Inc., n/k/a TIN LLC, and Weyerhaeuser Company, and Kleen Products LLC, R.P.R. Enterprises, Inc., Mighty Pac, Inc., Ferraro Foods, Inc., Ferraro Foods of North Carolina, LLC, MTM Packaging Solutions of Texas, LLC, RHE Hatco, Inc., and Chandler Packaging, Inc., the plaintiff class representatives, both individually and on behalf of the plaintiff class (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017).         (10.25 ) Commitment Agreement, dated September 26, 2017, between International Paper Company and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, relating to the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017).  Confidential treatment has been granted for certain information pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.     (10.26 ) Credit Agreement, dated December 8, 2017, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A. and BNP Paribas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2017).     (11 ) Statement of Computation of Per Share Earnings. *     (12 ) Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends. *     (21 ) Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures.*     (23.1 ) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. *     (23.2 ) Consent of Independent Auditors. *     (24 ) Power of Attorney (contained on the signature page to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017). *     (31.1 ) Certification by Mark S. Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *     (31.2 ) Certification by Glenn R. Landau, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *     (32 ) Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*     (99.1 ) Audited Financial Statements for Ilim Holding S.A. and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. *       87 Table of Contents     (101.INS) XBRL Instance Document *     (101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema *     (101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase *     (101.DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase *     (101.LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase *     (101.PRE) XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase *     + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. *  Filed herewith 88 Table of Contents SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (In millions)       For the Year Ended December 31, 2017     Balance at Beginning of Period   Additions Charged to Earnings   Additions Charged to Other Accounts   Deductions from Reserves   Balance at End of Period Description                   Reserves Applied Against Specific Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:                   Doubtful accounts – current $ 70   $ 5   $ —   (2)(a)   $ 73 Restructuring reserves 6   —   —   (4)(b)   2     For the Year Ended December 31, 2016     Balance at Beginning of Period   Additions Charged to Earnings   Additions Charged to Other Accounts   Deductions from Reserves   Balance at End of Period Description                   Reserves Applied Against Specific Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:                   Doubtful accounts – current $ 70   $ 9   $ —   (9)(a)   $ 70 Restructuring reserves 10   3   —   (7)(b)   6   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015     Balance at Beginning of Period   Additions Charged to Earnings   Additions Charged to Other Accounts   Deductions from Reserves   Balance at End of Period Description                   Reserves Applied Against Specific Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:                   Doubtful accounts – current $ 82   $ 11   $ —   (23)(a)   $ 70 Restructuring reserves 16   5   —   (11)(b)   10 (a) Includes write-offs, less recoveries, of accounts determined to be uncollectible and other adjustments. (b) Includes payments and deductions for reversals of previously established reserves that were no longer required. 89 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY       February 22, 2018 By: / S / S HARON  R. R YAN       Sharon R. Ryan       Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary     POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sharon R. Ryan and Deon Vaughan as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:             Signature    Title   Date           / S /    M ARK  S. S UTTON          Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer and Director   February 22, 2018 Mark S. Sutton                   / S /    D AVID  J. B RONCZEK            Director   February 22, 2018 David J. Bronczek                   / S /    W ILLIAM  J. B URNS            Director   February 22, 2018 Willliam J. Burns                   / S /    C HRISTOPHER  M. C ONNOR            Director   February 22, 2018 Christopher M. Connor                   / S /    A HMET  C. D ORDUNCU          Director   February 22, 2018 Ahmet C. Dorduncu                   / S /    I LENE  S. G ORDON          Director   February 22, 2018 Ilene S. Gordon                   / S /    J ACQUELINE  C. H INMAN           Director   February 22, 2018 Jacqueline C. Hinman                   / S /    J AY  L. J OHNSON           Director   February 22, 2018 Jay L. Johnson                   90 Table of Contents /s/ C LINTON  A. L EWIS, JR.    Director   February 22, 2018 Clinton A. Lewis, Jr.                   /S/   K ATHRYN  D. S ULLIVAN    Director   February 22, 2018 Kathryn D. Sullivan                   / S /    J OHN  L. T OWNSEND  III           Director   February 22, 2018 John L. Townsend III                   / S /    J. S TEVEN  W HISLER            Director   February 22, 2018 J. Steven Whisler                   / S /    R AY  G. Y OUNG          Director   February 22, 2018 Ray G. Young                   / S /    G LENN  R. L ANDAU    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   February 22, 2018 Glenn R. Landau                   / S /    V INCENT  P. B ONNOT           Vice President – Finance and Controller   February 22, 2018 Vincent P. Bonnot         91 Table of Contents APPENDIX I 2017  LISTING OF FACILITIES (all facilities are owned except noted otherwise) PRINTING PAPERS           Savannah, Georgia           Tracy, California             Cayuga, Indiana           Golden, Colorado Uncoated Papers           Cedar Rapids, Iowa           Wheat Ridge, Colorado    U.S.:           Henderson, Kentucky           Putnam, Connecticut         Selma, Alabama (Riverdale Mill)           Maysville, Kentucky           Orlando, Florida         Ticonderoga, New York            Bogalusa, Louisiana           Plant City, Florida         Eastover, South Carolina           Campti, Louisiana           Tampa, Florida   leased         Georgetown, South Carolina             Mansfield, Louisiana           Columbus, Georgia         Sumter, South Carolina             Vicksburg, Mississippi           Forest Park, Georgia             Valliant, Oklahoma           Griffin, Georgia    International:           Springfield, Oregon           Kennesaw, Georgia leased        Luiz Antônio, São Paulo, Brazil           Orange, Texas           Lithonia, Georgia        Mogi Guacu, São Paulo, Brazil               Savannah, Georgia        Três Lagoas, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil      International:           Stone Mountain, Georgia  leased        Saillat, France           Franco da Rocha, São Paulo, Brazil           Tucker, Georgia        Kadiam, India           Nova Campina, São Paulo, Brazil           Aurora, Illinois (3 locations)        Rajahmundry, India           Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil           Bedford Park, Illinois (2 locations) 1 leased        Kwidzyn, Poland           Veracruz, Mexico           Belleville, Illinois        Svetogorsk, Russia           Kenitra, Morocco           Carol Stream, Illinois             Madrid, Spain           Des Plaines, Illinois GLOBAL CELLULOSE FIBERS               Lincoln, Illinois     Corrugated Container           Montgomery, Illinois Pulp      U.S.:           Northlake, Illinois    U.S.:           Bay Minette, Alabama           Rockford, Illinois         Cantonment, Florida (Pensacola Mill)           Decatur, Alabama           Butler, Indiana         Flint River, Georgia           Dothan, Alabama  leased           Crawfordsville, Indiana         Port Wentworth, Georgia           Huntsville, Alabama           Fort Wayne, Indiana         Columbus, Mississippi           Conway, Arkansas           Hammond, Indiana         New Bern, North Carolina           Fort Smith, Arkansas (2 locations)           Indianapolis, Indiana (2 locations)         Riegelwood, North Carolina             Russellville, Arkansas (2 locations)           Saint Anthony, Indiana         Eastover, South Carolina           Tolleson, Arizona           Tipton, Indiana         Georgetown, South Carolina           Yuma, Arizona           Cedar Rapids, Iowa         Franklin, Virginia           Anaheim, California           Waterloo, Iowa             Buena Park, California leased           Garden City, Kansas    International:           Camarillo, California           Kansas City, Kansas         Grand Prairie, Albert, Canada           Carson, California           Bowling Green, Kentucky         Saillat, France           Cerritos, California leased           Lexington, Kentucky         Gdansk, Poland           Compton, California           Louisville, Kentucky         Kwidzyn, Poland           Elk Grove, California           Walton, Kentucky         Svetogorsk, Russia           Exeter, California           Bogalusa, Louisiana             Gilroy, California (2 locations)           Lafayette, Louisiana INDUSTRIAL PACKAGING           Los Angeles, California           Shreveport, Louisiana             Modesto, California            Springhill, Louisiana Containerboard           Ontario, California           Auburn, Maine    U.S.:           Salinas, California           Three Rivers, Michigan         Pine Hill, Alabama           Sanger, California           Arden Hills, Minnesota         Prattville, Alabama           San Leandro, California  leased           Austin, Minnesota         Cantonment, Florida (Pensacola Mill)           Santa Fe Springs, California (2 locations)           Fridley, Minnesota         Rome, Georgia           Stockton, California           Minneapolis, Minnesota  leased A-1 Table of Contents         Shakopee, Minnesota           Laurens, South Carolina            Silao, Mexico         White Bear Lake, Minnesota           Lexington, South Carolina            Villa Nicolas Romero, Mexico         Houston, Mississippi           Ashland City, Tennessee leased            Zapopan, Mexico         Jackson, Mississippi           Cleveland, Tennessee            Agadir, Morocco         Magnolia, Mississippi leased           Elizabethton, Tennessee leased            Casablanca, Morocco         Olive Branch, Mississippi           Morristown, Tennessee            Kenitra, Morocco         Fenton, Missouri           Murfreesboro, Tennessee            Tangier, Morocco         Kansas City, Missouri           Amarillo, Texas            Almeria, Spain           Maryland Heights, Missouri           Carrollton, Texas (2 locations)            Barcelona, Spain         North Kansas City, Missouri  leased           Edinburg, Texas            Bilbao, Spain         St. Joseph, Missouri           El Paso, Texas            Gandia, Spain         St. Louis, Missouri           Ft. Worth, Texas leased            Las Palmas, Spain         Omaha, Nebraska           Grand Prairie, Texas            Madrid, Spain         Barrington, New Jersey           Hidalgo, Texas            Tenerife, Spain         Bellmawr, New Jersey           McAllen, Texas            Adana, Turkey         Milltown, New Jersey           San Antonio, Texas (2 locations)            Bursa. Turkey         Spotswood, New Jersey           Sealy, Texas            Corlu, Turkey         Thorofare, New Jersey           Waxahachie, Texas            Corum, Turkey         Binghamton, New York           Lynchburg, Virginia            Gebze, Turkey         Buffalo, New York           Petersburg, Virginia             Izmir, Turkey         Rochester, New York           Richmond, Virginia             Scotia, New York           Moses Lake, Washington   Recycling         Utica, New York           Olympia, Washington      U.S.: Charlotte, North Carolina (2 locations) 1 leased           Yakima, Washington           Phoenix, Arizona          Lumberton, North Carolina           Fond du Lac, Wisconsin           Fremont, California          Manson, North Carolina           Manitowoc, Wisconsin           Norwalk, California         Newton, North Carolina               West Sacramento, California         Statesville, North Carolina      International:           Itasca, Illinois         Byesville, Ohio            Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil           Des Moines, Iowa         Delaware, Ohio            Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil           Wichita, Kansas         Eaton, Ohio            Rio Verde, Goias, Brazil           Roseville, Minnesota         Madison, Ohio            Suzano, São Paulo, Brazil           Omaha, Nebraska          Marion, Ohio            Rancagua, Chile           Charlotte, North Carolina         Marysville, Ohio  leased            Arles, France            Beaverton, Oregon         Middletown, Ohio            Chalon-sur-Saone, France           Springfield, Oregon leased         Mt. Vernon, Ohio            Creil, France           Carrollton, Texas         Newark, Ohio            LePuy, France (Espaly Box Plant)           Salt Lake City, Utah         Streetsboro, Ohio            Mortagne, France           Richmond, Virginia         Wooster, Ohio            Guadeloupe, French West Indies           Kent, Washington         Oklahoma City, Oklahoma            Bellusco, Italy             Beaverton, Oregon (3 locations)            Catania, Italy      International:         Hillsboro, Oregon            Pomezia, Italy           Monterrey, Mexico leased         Portland, Oregon            San Felice, Italy           Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico leased         Salem, Oregon leased   Apodaco (Monterrey), Mexico                  leased     Biglerville, Pennsylvania (2 locations)            Ixtaczoquitlan, Mexico   Bags         Eighty-four, Pennsylvania            Juarez, Mexico leased      U.S.:         Hazleton, Pennsylvania             Los Mochis, Mexico            Buena Park, California         Kennett Square, Pennsylvania            Puebla, Mexico leased           Beaverton, Oregon         Lancaster, Pennsylvania            Reynosa, Mexico           Grand Prairie, Texas         Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania            San Jose Iturbide, Mexico             Georgetown, South Carolina            Santa Catarina, Mexico     A-2 Table of Contents CONSUMER PACKAGING   DISTRIBUTION               Coated Paperboard   IP Asia        U.S.:     International:               Augusta, Georgia  2            Guangzhou, China                Prosperity, South Carolina  2            Hong Kong, China                Texarkana, Texas  2            Shanghai, China                   Japan        International:            Korea               Kwidzyn, Poland            Singapore               Svetogorsk, Russia            Taiwan                  Thailand     Foodservice            Vietnam        U.S.:                   Visalia, California  2   FOREST PRODUCTS               Shelbyville, Illinois  2                   Kenton, Ohio  2   Forest Resources           International:        International:             Approximately 329,400 acres               Shanghai, China  1             in Brazil               Tianjin, China  1                   Bogota, Colombia                     Cheshire, England  leased  2                                       1) Sold September 2017         2) Transferred January 2018                                                                                                                                                                                   A-3 Table of Contents APPENDIX II 2017  CAPACITY INFORMATION   (in thousands of short tons except as noted) U.S.   EMEA   Americas, other than U.S.   India   Total Industrial Packaging                   Containerboard  (a) 13,488   45   363   —   13,896 Coated Paperboard —   431   —   —   431 Total Industrial Packaging 13,488   476   363   —   14,327 Global Cellulose Fibers                   Dried Pulp  (in thousands of metric tons) 2,912   302   535   —   3,749 Printing Papers                   Uncoated Freesheet & Bristols  (b) 1,990   1,193   1,135   266   4,584 Newsprint —   312   —   —   312 Total Printing Papers 1,990   1,505   1,135   266   4,896   (a) In addition to Containerboard, this also includes saturated kraft, kraft bag, and gypsum.  (b) In addition to Uncoated Freesheet and Bristols, includes bleached multiwall bag and plate.     Forest Resources   We own, manage or have an interest in approximately 1.4 million acres of forestlands worldwide. These forestlands and associated acres are located in the following regions: (M Acres) Brazil 329 We have harvesting rights in:   Russia 1,047 Poland — Total 1,376 A-4 	 
 
 
 
