
 10-Q
 1
 etr-03x31x2019x10q.htm
 10-Q
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents __________________________________________________________________________________________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM  10-Q   (Mark One)   X QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2019   OR   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission File Number Registrant, State of Incorporation or Organization, Address of Principal Executive Offices, Telephone Number, and IRS Employer Identification No.   Commission File Number Registrant, State of Incorporation or Organization, Address of Principal Executive Offices, Telephone Number, and IRS Employer Identification No.           1-11299 ENTERGY CORPORATION (a Delaware corporation) 639 Loyola Avenue New Orleans, Louisiana 70113 Telephone (504) 576-4000 72-1229752   1-35747 ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC (a Texas limited liability company) 1600 Perdido Street New Orleans, Louisiana 70112 Telephone (504) 670-3700 82-2212934                     1-10764 ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC (a Texas limited liability company) 425 West Capitol Avenue Little Rock, Arkansas 72201 Telephone (501) 377-4000 83-1918668   1-34360 ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. (a Texas corporation) 10055 Grogans Mill Road The Woodlands, Texas 77380 Telephone (409) 981-2000 61-1435798                     1-32718 ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC (a Texas limited liability company) 4809 Jefferson Highway Jefferson, Louisiana 70121 Telephone (504) 576-4000 47-4469646   1-09067 SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. (an Arkansas corporation) 1340 Echelon Parkway Jackson, Mississippi 39213 Telephone (601) 368-5000 72-0752777                     1-31508 ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC (a Texas limited liability company) 308 East Pearl Street Jackson, Mississippi 39201 Telephone (601) 368-5000 83-1950019                 __________________________________________________________________________________________ Table of Contents Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit such files).  Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether each registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   Large accelerated filer   Accelerated filer   Non- accelerated filer   Smaller reporting company   Emerging growth company Entergy Corporation ü                 Entergy Arkansas, LLC         ü         Entergy Louisiana, LLC         ü         Entergy Mississippi, LLC         ü         Entergy New Orleans, LLC         ü         Entergy Texas, Inc.         ü         System Energy Resources, Inc.         ü         If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrants have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  þ Table of Contents Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Registrant Trading Symbol Title of Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered         Entergy Corporation ETR Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value – 189,926,451 shares outstanding at April 30, 2019 New York Stock Exchange LLC NYSE Chicago, Inc.         Entergy Arkansas, LLC EAB Mortgage Bonds, 4.90% Series due December 2052 New York Stock Exchange LLC   EAE Mortgage Bonds, 4.75% Series due June 2063 New York Stock Exchange LLC   EAI Mortgage Bonds, 4.875% Series due September 2066 New York Stock Exchange LLC         Entergy Louisiana, LLC ELJ Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due July 2052 New York Stock Exchange LLC   ELU Mortgage Bonds, 4.70% Series due June 2063 New York Stock Exchange LLC   ELC Mortgage Bonds, 4.875% Series due September 2066 New York Stock Exchange LLC         Entergy Mississippi, LLC EMP Mortgage Bonds, 4.90% Series due October 2066 New York Stock Exchange LLC         Entergy New Orleans, LLC ENJ Mortgage Bonds, 5.0% Series due December 2052 New York Stock Exchange LLC   ENO Mortgage Bonds, 5.50% Series due April 2066 New York Stock Exchange LLC         Entergy Texas, Inc. EZT Mortgage Bonds, 5.625% Series due June 2064 New York Stock Exchange LLC Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, LLC, Entergy Louisiana, LLC, Entergy Mississippi, LLC, Entergy New Orleans, LLC, Entergy Texas, Inc., and System Energy Resources, Inc. separately file this combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Information contained herein relating to any individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf.  Each company reports herein only as to itself and makes no other representations whatsoever as to any other company.  This combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q supplements and updates the Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the calendar year ended December 31, 2018, filed by the individual registrants with the SEC, and should be read in conjunction therewith. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page Number     Forward-looking information iii Definitions vi     Part I. Financial Information     Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 1 Consolidated Income Statements     14 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   15 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 16 Consolidated Balance Sheets 18 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 20 Selected Operating Results 21 Notes to Financial Statements   Note 1. Commitments and Contingencies 22 Note 2. Rate and Regulatory Matters 23 Note 3. Equity 26 Note 4. Revolving Credit Facilities, Lines of Credit, Short-term Borrowings, and Long-term Debt 30 Note 5. Stock-based Compensation 34 Note 6. Retirement and Other Postretirement Benefits 36 Note 7. Business Segment Information 39 Note 8. Risk Management and Fair Values 40 Note 9. Decommissioning Trust Funds 58 Note 10. Income Taxes 64 Note 11. Property, Plant, and Equipment 65 Note 12. Variable Interest Entities 65 Note 13. Revenue Recognition 66 Note 14. Asset Retirement Obligations 68 Note 15. Leases 68 Note 16. Dispositions 76 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 77 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 77 Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 78 Consolidated Income Statements 84 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 85 Consolidated Balance Sheets 86 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member’s Equity 88 Selected Operating Results 89 Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 90 Consolidated Income Statements 96 i Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page Number     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 97 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 99 Consolidated Balance Sheets 100 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 102 Selected Operating Results 103 Entergy Mississippi, LLC   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 104 Income Statements 109 Statements of Cash Flows 111 Balance Sheets 112 Statements of Changes in Member’s Equity 114 Selected Operating Results 115 Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 116 Consolidated Income Statements 121 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 123 Consolidated Balance Sheets 124 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member’s Equity 126 Selected Operating Results 127 Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 128 Consolidated Income Statements 133 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 135 Consolidated Balance Sheets 136 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity 138 Selected Operating Results 139 System Energy Resources, Inc.   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 140 Income Statements 145 Statements of Cash Flows 147 Balance Sheets 148 Statements of Changes in Common Equity 150     Part II. Other Information     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 151 Item 1A. Risk Factors 151 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 151 Item 5. Other Information 152 Item 6. Exhibits 152 Signature 155 ii Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION In this combined report and from time to time, Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries each makes statements as a registrant concerning its expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and future events or performance.  Such statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “predict,” “forecast,” and other similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the only means to identify these statements.  Although each of these registrants believes that these forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions are reasonable, it cannot provide assurance that they will prove correct.  Any forward-looking statement is based on information current as of the date of this combined report and speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made.  Except to the extent required by the federal securities laws, these registrants undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.   Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  There are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed or incorporated by reference in (a) Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-K, (b) Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K and in this report, and (c) the following factors (in addition to others described elsewhere in this combined report and in subsequent securities filings): • resolution of pending and future rate cases, formula rate proceedings and related negotiations, including various performance-based rate discussions, Entergy’s utility supply plan, and recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; • long-term risks and uncertainties associated with the termination of the System Agreement in 2016, including the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the Utility operating companies and their retail regulators; • regulatory and operating challenges and uncertainties and economic risks associated with the Utility operating companies’ participation in MISO, including the benefits of continued MISO participation, the effect of current or projected MISO market rules and market and system conditions in the MISO markets, the allocation of MISO system transmission upgrade costs, and the effect of planning decisions that MISO makes with respect to future transmission investments by the Utility operating companies; • changes in utility regulation, including with respect to retail and wholesale competition, the ability to recover net utility assets and other potential stranded costs, and the application of more stringent transmission reliability requirements or market power criteria by the FERC or the U.S. Department of Justice; • changes in the regulation or regulatory oversight of Entergy’s nuclear generating facilities and nuclear materials and fuel, including with respect to the planned, potential, or actual shutdown of nuclear generating facilities owned or operated by Entergy Wholesale Commodities, and the effects of new or existing safety or environmental concerns regarding nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel; • resolution of pending or future applications, and related regulatory proceedings and litigation, for license modifications or other authorizations required of nuclear generating facilities and the effect of public and political opposition on these applications, regulatory proceedings, and litigation; • the performance of and deliverability of power from Entergy’s generation resources, including the capacity factors at Entergy’s nuclear generating facilities; • increases in costs and capital expenditures that could result from changing regulatory requirements, emerging operating and industry issues, and the commitment of substantial human and capital resources required for the safe and reliable operation and maintenance of Entergy’s nuclear generating facilities; • Entergy’s ability to develop and execute on a point of view regarding future prices of electricity, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities; • prices for power generated by Entergy’s merchant generating facilities and the ability to hedge, meet credit support requirements for hedges, sell power forward or otherwise reduce the market price risk associated with those facilities, including the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants, especially in light of the planned shutdown and sale of each of these nuclear plants; iii Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION (Continued) • the prices and availability of fuel and power Entergy must purchase for its Utility customers, and Entergy’s ability to meet credit support requirements for fuel and power supply contracts; • volatility and changes in markets for electricity, natural gas, uranium, emissions allowances, and other energy-related commodities, and the effect of those changes on Entergy and its customers; • changes in law resulting from federal or state energy legislation or legislation subjecting energy derivatives used in hedging and risk management transactions to governmental regulation; • changes in environmental laws and regulations, agency positions or associated litigation, including requirements for reduced emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, greenhouse gases, mercury, particulate matter and other regulated air emissions, heat and other regulated discharges to water, requirements for waste management and disposal and for the remediation of contaminated sites, wetlands protection and permitting, and changes in costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations; • changes in laws and regulations, agency positions, or associated litigation related to protected species and associated critical habitat designations; • the effects of changes in federal, state, or local laws and regulations, and other governmental actions or policies, including changes in monetary, fiscal, tax, environmental, trade/tariff, or energy policies; • the effects of full or partial shutdowns of the federal government or delays in obtaining government or regulatory actions or decisions; • uncertainty regarding the establishment of interim or permanent sites for spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage and disposal and the level of spent fuel and nuclear waste disposal fees charged by the U.S. government or other providers related to such sites; • variations in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes and other storms and disasters, including uncertainties associated with efforts to remediate the effects of hurricanes, ice storms, or other weather events and the recovery of costs associated with restoration, including accessing funded storm reserves, federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, securitization, and insurance; • effects of climate change, including the potential for increases in extreme weather events and sea levels or coastal land and wetland loss; • changes in the quality and availability of water supplies and the related regulation of water use and diversion; • Entergy’s ability to manage its capital projects and operation and maintenance costs; • Entergy’s ability to purchase and sell assets at attractive prices and on other attractive terms; • the economic climate, and particularly economic conditions in Entergy’s Utility service area and the northern United States and events and circumstances that could influence economic conditions in those areas, including power prices, and the risk that anticipated load growth may not materialize; • federal income tax reform, including the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and its intended and unintended consequences on financial results and future cash flows; • the effects of Entergy’s strategies to reduce tax payments, especially in light of federal income tax reform; • changes in the financial markets and regulatory requirements for the issuance of securities, particularly as they affect access to capital and Entergy’s ability to refinance existing securities, execute share repurchase programs, and fund investments and acquisitions; • actions of rating agencies, including changes in the ratings of debt, changes in general corporate ratings, and changes in the rating agencies’ ratings criteria; • changes in inflation and interest rates; • the effect of litigation and government investigations or proceedings; • changes in technology, including (i) Entergy’s ability to implement new or emerging technologies, (ii) the impact of changes relating to new, developing, or alternative sources of generation such as distributed energy and energy storage, renewable energy, energy efficiency, demand side management, and other measures that reduce load, and (iii) competition from other companies offering products and services to Entergy’s customers based on new or emerging technologies or alternative sources of generation; • the effects, including increased security costs, of threatened or actual terrorism, cyber-attacks or data security breaches, natural or man-made electromagnetic pulses that affect transmission or generation infrastructure, accidents, and war or a catastrophic event such as a nuclear accident or a natural gas pipeline explosion; • Entergy’s ability to attract and retain talented management, directors, and employees with specialized skills; iv Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION (Concluded) • changes in accounting standards and corporate governance; • declines in the market prices of marketable securities and resulting funding requirements and the effects on benefits costs for Entergy’s defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans; • future wage and employee benefit costs, including changes in discount rates and returns on benefit plan assets; • changes in decommissioning trust fund values or earnings or in the timing of, requirements for, or cost to decommission Entergy’s nuclear plant sites and the implementation of decommissioning of such sites following shutdown; • the decision to cease merchant power generation at all Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants by mid-2022, including the implementation of the planned shutdowns of Pilgrim, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, and Palisades;  • the effectiveness of Entergy’s risk management policies and procedures and the ability and willingness of its counterparties to satisfy their financial and performance commitments; • factors that could lead to impairment of long-lived assets; and • the ability to successfully complete strategic transactions Entergy may undertake, including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or restructurings, regulatory or other limitations imposed as a result of any such strategic transaction, and the success of the business following any such strategic transaction. v Table of Contents DEFINITIONS Certain abbreviations or acronyms used in the text and notes are defined below: Abbreviation or Acronym Term     ALJ Administrative Law Judge ANO 1 and 2 Units 1 and 2 of Arkansas Nuclear One (nuclear), owned by Entergy Arkansas APSC Arkansas Public Service Commission ASU Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB Board Board of Directors of Entergy Corporation Cajun Cajun Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. capacity factor Actual plant output divided by maximum potential plant output for the period City Council Council of the City of New Orleans, Louisiana D.C. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DOE United States Department of Energy Entergy Entergy Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries Entergy Corporation Entergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation Entergy Gulf States, Inc. Predecessor company for financial reporting purposes to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana that included the assets and business operations of both Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company formally created as part of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and the successor company to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for financial reporting purposes.  The term is also used to refer to the Louisiana jurisdictional business of Entergy Gulf States, Inc., as the context requires.  Effective October 1, 2015, the business of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana was combined with Entergy Louisiana. Entergy Louisiana Entergy Louisiana, LLC, a Texas limited liability company formally created as part of the combination of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the company formerly known as Entergy Louisiana, LLC (Old Entergy Louisiana) into a single public utility company and the successor to Old Entergy Louisiana for financial reporting purposes. Entergy Texas Entergy Texas, Inc., a Texas corporation formally created as part of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.  The term is also used to refer to the Texas jurisdictional business of Entergy Gulf States, Inc., as the context requires. Entergy Wholesale Commodities Entergy’s non-utility business segment primarily comprised of the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants, the ownership of interests in non-nuclear power plants, and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating power plants to wholesale customers EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant (nuclear), previously owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment, which was sold in March 2017 Form 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for the calendar year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC by Entergy Corporation and its Registrant Subsidiaries Grand Gulf Unit No. 1 of Grand Gulf Nuclear Station (nuclear), 90% owned or leased by System Energy GWh Gigawatt-hour(s), which equals one million kilowatt-hours Independence Independence Steam Electric Station (coal), owned 16% by Entergy Arkansas, 25% by Entergy Mississippi, and 7% by Entergy Power, LLC vi Table of Contents DEFINITIONS (Continued) Abbreviation or Acronym Term     Indian Point 2 Unit 2 of Indian Point Energy Center (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Indian Point 3 Unit 3 of Indian Point Energy Center (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment IRS Internal Revenue Service ISO Independent System Operator kW Kilowatt, which equals one thousand watts kWh Kilowatt-hour(s) LPSC Louisiana Public Service Commission MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc., a regional transmission organization MMBtu One million British Thermal Units MPSC Mississippi Public Service Commission MW Megawatt(s), which equals one thousand kilowatts MWh Megawatt-hour(s) Net debt to net capital ratio Gross debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by total capitalization less cash and cash equivalents Net MW in operation Installed capacity owned and operated NRC Nuclear Regulatory Commission NYPA New York Power Authority Palisades Palisades Nuclear Plant (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Parent & Other The portions of Entergy not included in the Utility or Entergy Wholesale Commodities segments, primarily consisting of the activities of the parent company, Entergy Corporation Pilgrim Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment PPA Purchased power agreement or power purchase agreement PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas Registrant Subsidiaries Entergy Arkansas, LLC, Entergy Louisiana, LLC, Entergy Mississippi, LLC, Entergy New Orleans, LLC, Entergy Texas, Inc., and System Energy Resources, Inc. River Bend River Bend Station (nuclear), owned by Entergy Louisiana SEC Securities and Exchange Commission System Agreement Agreement, effective January 1, 1983, as modified, among the Utility operating companies relating to the sharing of generating capacity and other power resources.  The agreement terminated effective August 2016. System Energy System Energy Resources, Inc. TWh Terawatt-hour(s), which equals one billion kilowatt-hours Unit Power Sales Agreement Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1982, as amended and approved by the FERC, among Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and System Energy, relating to the sale of capacity and energy from System Energy’s share of Grand Gulf Utility Entergy’s business segment that generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power, with a small amount of natural gas distribution Utility operating companies Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas vii Table of Contents DEFINITIONS (Concluded) Abbreviation or Acronym Term     Vermont Yankee Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment, which ceased power production in December 2014 and was disposed of in January 2019 Waterford 3 Unit No. 3 (nuclear) of the Waterford Steam Electric Station, owned by Entergy Louisiana weather-adjusted usage Electric usage excluding the effects of deviations from normal weather White Bluff White Bluff Steam Electric Generating Station, 57% owned by Entergy Arkansas viii Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Entergy operates primarily through two business segments: Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities. • The  Utility  business segment includes the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric power in portions of Arkansas, Mississippi, Texas, and Louisiana, including the City of New Orleans; and operation of a small natural gas distribution business.   • The  Entergy Wholesale Commodities  business segment includes the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants located in the northern United States and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating plants to wholesale customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities also provides services to other nuclear power plant owners and owns interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell the electric power produced by those plants to wholesale customers.  See “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for discussion of the operation and planned shutdown and sale of each of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants. See Note 7 to the financial statements herein for financial information regarding Entergy’s business segments. Results of Operations First Quarter   2019  Compared to  First Quarter   2018 Following are income statement variances for Utility, Entergy Wholesale Commodities, Parent & Other, and Entergy comparing the  first quarter   2019  to the  first quarter   2018  showing how much the line item increased or (decreased) in comparison to the prior period:     Utility   Entergy Wholesale Commodities   Parent & Other (a)   Entergy     (In Thousands) 2018 Consolidated Net Income (Loss)   $217,940   ($17,779 )   ($63,961 )   $136,200                   Net revenue (operating revenue less fuel expense, purchased power, and other regulatory charges/credits)   (43,585 )   10,643   19   (32,923 ) Other operation and maintenance   (2,636 )   (2,116 )   4,218   (534 ) Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges   —   1,055   —   1,055 Taxes other than income taxes   (2,191 )   (3,607 )   (845 )   (6,643 ) Depreciation and amortization   10,020   (111 )   300   10,209 Other income   7,076   182,512   (1,738 )   187,850 Interest expense   5,650   919   7,317   13,886 Other expenses   229   15,171   —   15,400 Income taxes   (63,788 )   66,986   (4,090 )   (892 )                   2019 Consolidated Net Income (Loss)   $234,147   $97,079   ($72,580 )   $258,646 (a) Parent & Other includes eliminations, which are primarily intersegment activity. Refer to “ ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES -   SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS ” for further information with respect to operating statistics. 1 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis First quarter 2019 results of operations includes impairment charges of $74 million ($58 million net-of-tax) and first quarter 2018 results of operations includes impairment charges of $73 million ($58 million net-of-tax) due to costs being charged directly to expense as incurred as a result of the impaired value of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with management’s strategy to exit the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant power business.  See “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for discussion of management’s strategy to shut down and sell all of the remaining plants in Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant nuclear fleet.  Net Revenue Utility Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2019  to the  first quarter   2018 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $1,460 Return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers (61 ) Volume/weather (38 ) Retail electric price 61 Other (6 ) 2019 net revenue $1,416 The return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from activity in 2019 at the Utility operating companies in response to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  The return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes began in second quarter 2018.  There is no effect on net income as the reductions in net revenue were offset by reductions in income tax expense.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.      The volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales, partially offset by an increase in industrial usage.  The increase in industrial usage is primarily driven by continued growth from new and expansion projects and increased demand from existing customers.  The retail electric price variance is primarily due to: • the regulatory charges recorded in first quarter 2018 to reflect the effects of regulatory agreements to return the benefits of the lower income tax rate in 2018 to Entergy Louisiana customers; • an increase in formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of January 2019 at Entergy Arkansas, as approved by the APSC;  • a base rate increase effective October 2018 at Entergy Texas, as approved by the PUCT; • an increase in formula rate plan revenues implemented with the first billing cycle of September 2018 at Entergy Louisiana, as approved by the LPSC; and • the implementation of an advanced metering system customer charge effective January 2019 at Entergy Louisiana, as approved by the LPSC.   See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the regulatory proceedings discussed above.  2 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Wholesale Commodities Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2019  to the  first quarter   2018 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $382 Nuclear volume 15 Other (4 ) 2019 net revenue $393 As shown in the table above, net revenue for Entergy Wholesale Commodities increased by $11 million in the  first quarter   2019  as compared to the  first quarter   2018  primarily due to higher volume in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear fleet resulting from fewer non-refueling outage days in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018. Following are key performance measures for Entergy Wholesale Commodities for the first quarters   2019  and  2018 :   2019   2018 Owned capacity (MW) 3,962   3,962 GWh billed 7,203   6,996         Entergy Wholesale Commodities Nuclear Fleet       Capacity factor 85%   83% GWh billed 6,690   6,408 Average energy price ($/MWh) $51.43   $52.29 Average capacity price ($/kW-month) $4.71   $3.83 Refueling outage days:       Indian Point 2 —   13 Indian Point 3 21   — Other Income Statement Items Utility Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased from $588 million for the  first quarter   2018  to $585 million for the  first quarter   2019  primarily due to: • a decrease of $20 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in the first quarter 2019 as compared to first quarter 2018 and lower nuclear labor costs, including contract labor;  • a decrease of $5 million in storm damage provisions at Entergy Mississippi.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of storm cost recovery; and • a decrease of $4 million in energy efficiency costs due to the timing of recovery from customers.   The decrease was partially offset by: • an increase of $8 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs;  • an increase of $5 million in outside legal costs primarily due to a settlement received in 2018 which reduced legal costs in the first quarter 2018; 3 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis • an increase of $4 million in spending on customer initiatives to explore new technologies and services;  • an increase of $3 million in advanced metering costs, including customer education costs; and • an increase of $3 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses due to a higher scope of work performed in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, partially offset by updated depreciation rates used in calculating Grand Gulf plant depreciation and amortization expenses under the Unit Power Sales Agreement as part of a settlement approved by the FERC in August 2018.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the Unit Power Sales Agreement. Other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, which included the Lake Charles Power Station, St. Charles Power Station, Montgomery County Power Station, and New Orleans Power Station projects.  The increase was partially offset by changes in decommissioning trust fund activity, including portfolio rebalancing of certain of the decommissioning trust funds in 2018. Interest expense increased primarily due to an increase in debt outstanding at the Utility operating companies.  See Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and Note 4 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of long-term debt. Entergy Wholesale Commodities Other income increased primarily due to gains on decommissioning trust fund investments in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018.  See Notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of decommissioning trust fund investments.  Other expenses increased primarily due to an increase in nuclear refueling outage expenses as a result of the amortization of higher costs associated with a refueling outage at Palisades. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 14.2% for the  first quarter   2019 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2019  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes, partially offset by the tax effects of the disposition of Vermont Yankee.  See Notes 2 and 10 to the financial statements herein and Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of the tax effects of the Vermont Yankee disposition. The effective income tax rate was 24.3% for the  first quarter   2018 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2018  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to state income taxes, a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset, and the provision for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. 4 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Income Tax Legislation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Income Tax Legislation ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of management’s strategy to shut down and sell all remaining plants in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant nuclear fleet.  Following are updates to that discussion.    Vermont Yankee Disposition As discussed in more detail in Note 16 to the financial statements herein, in January 2019, Entergy transferred 100% of the membership interests in Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee, LLC, the owner of the Vermont Yankee plant, to a subsidiary of NorthStar.  Planned Sale of Pilgrim As discussed in the Form 10-K, Entergy entered into a purchase and sale agreement to sell 100% of the equity interests in Entergy Nuclear Generation Company, the owner of Pilgrim, for $1,000 (subject to adjustments for net liabilities and other amounts).  The sale of Entergy Nuclear Generation Company will include the transfer of the nuclear decommissioning trust and obligation for spent fuel management and plant decommissioning.  Subject to the conditions discussed in the Form 10-K, the transaction is expected to close by the end of 2019.  The transaction is expected to result in a loss based on the difference between Entergy’s adjusted net investment in Entergy Nuclear Generation Company and the sale price plus any agreed adjustments.  As of March 31, 2019, Entergy’s adjusted net investment in Entergy Nuclear Generation Company was $180 million.  The primary variables in the ultimate loss that Entergy will incur are the values of the nuclear decommissioning trust and the asset retirement obligation at closing, the financial results from plant operations until the closing, and the level of any unrealized deferred tax balances at closing. Planned Sale of Indian Point Energy Center  In April 2019, Entergy entered into an agreement to sell, directly or indirectly, 100% of the equity interests in the subsidiaries that own Indian Point 1, Indian Point 2, and Indian Point 3, after Indian Point 3 has been shut down and defueled, to a Holtec International subsidiary for decommissioning.  The sale includes the transfer of the licenses, spent fuel, decommissioning liabilities, and nuclear decommissioning trusts for the three units. The transaction is subject to closing conditions, including approval from the NRC.  Entergy and Holtec also plan to seek an order from the New York State Public Service Commission disclaiming jurisdiction, or alternatively approving the transaction.  Closing is also conditioned on obtaining from the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation an agreement related to Holtec’s decommissioning plan as being consistent with applicable standards.  The transaction closing is targeted for third quarter 2021, following the defueling of Indian Point 3. 5 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis As consideration for the transfer to Holtec of its interest in Indian Point, Entergy will receive nominal cash consideration.  The Indian Point transaction is expected to result in a loss based on the difference between Entergy’s adjusted net investment in the subsidiaries at closing and the sale price net of any agreed adjustments.  As of March 31, 2019, Entergy’s adjusted net investment in the Indian Point units was $315 million.  The primary variables in the ultimate loss that Entergy will incur are the values of the nuclear decommissioning trusts and the asset retirement obligations at closing, the financial results from plant operations until the closing, and the level of unrealized any deferred tax balances at closing.  The terms of the transaction include limitations on withdrawals from the nuclear decommissioning trusts to fund decommissioning activities and controls on how Entergy manages the investment of nuclear decommissioning trust assets between signing and closing; however, the agreement does not require a minimum level of funding in the nuclear decommissioning trusts as a condition to closing. Costs Associated with Entergy Wholesale Commodities Strategic Transactions Entergy expects to incur employee retention and severance expenses associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet of approximately $130 million in 2019, of which $34 million has been incurred as of March 31, 2019, and a total of approximately $110 million from 2020 through 2022.  In addition, Entergy Wholesale Commodities incurred impairment charges related to nuclear fuel spending, nuclear refueling outage spending, and expenditures for capital assets of $74 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019.  These costs were charged to expense as incurred as a result of the impaired value of certain of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  Entergy expects to continue to incur costs associated with nuclear fuel-related spending and expenditures for capital assets and, except for Palisades, expects to continue to charge these costs to expense as incurred because Entergy expects the value of the plants to continue to be impaired. Liquidity and Capital Resources See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy’s capital structure, capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital, and sources of capital.  Following are updates to that discussion. Capital Structure Entergy’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.  The increase in the debt to capital ratio for Entergy as of March 31, 2019 is primarily due to the net issuance of debt in 2019.   March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 67.8 %   66.7 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds (0.5 %)   (0.6 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 67.3 %   66.1 % Effect of subtracting cash (1.2 %)   (0.6 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 66.1 %   65.5 % (a) Calculation excludes the Arkansas, Louisiana, New Orleans, and Texas securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas, respectively. 6 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of notes payable and commercial paper, financing lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt, common shareholders’ equity, and subsidiaries’ preferred stock without sinking fund.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Entergy Corporation has in place a credit facility that has a borrowing capacity of  $3.5 billion  and expires in September 2023.  The facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against  $20 million  of the total borrowing capacity of the credit facility.  The commitment fee is currently  0.225%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  Commitment fees and interest rates on loans under the credit facility can fluctuate depending on the senior unsecured debt ratings of Entergy Corporation.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  4.03%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  Following is a summary of the borrowings outstanding and capacity available under the facility as of  March 31, 2019 :     Capacity    Borrowings   Letters of Credit   Capacity Available (In Millions) $3,500   $320   $6   $3,174   A covenant in Entergy Corporation’s credit facility requires Entergy to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of  65%  or less of its total capitalization.  The calculation of this debt ratio under Entergy Corporation’s credit facility is different than the calculation of the debt to capital ratio above.  One such difference is that it excludes the effects, among other things, of certain impairments related to the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear generation assets.  Entergy is currently in compliance with the covenant and expects to remain in compliance with this covenant.  If Entergy fails to meet this ratio, or if Entergy or one of the Utility operating companies (except Entergy New Orleans) defaults on other indebtedness or is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, an acceleration of the facility’s maturity date may occur.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the Entergy Corporation credit facility and discussion of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ credit facilities. Entergy Corporation has a commercial paper program with a Board-approved program limit of up to  $2 billion .  As of  March 31, 2019 , Entergy Corporation had approximately  $1,942 million  of commercial paper outstanding.  The weighted-average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  3.03% . In January 2019, Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee was transferred to NorthStar and its credit facility was assumed by Vermont Yankee Asset Retirement Management, LLC, Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee’s parent company that remains an Entergy subsidiary after the transfer.  The credit facility has a borrowing capacity of  $139 million  and expires in November 2020.  As of  March 31, 2019 , $139 million in cash borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  4.28%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and Note 16 to the financial statements herein for discussion of the transfer of Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee to NorthStar. Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital See the table and discussion in the Form 10-K under “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Liquidity and Capital Resources   - Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital ,” that sets forth the amounts of planned construction and other capital investments by operating segment for 2019 through 2021.  Following are updates to that discussion.  7 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Choctaw Generating Station In August 2018, Entergy Mississippi announced that it signed an asset purchase agreement to acquire from a subsidiary of GenOn Energy Inc. the Choctaw Generating Station, an 810 MW natural gas fired combined-cycle turbine plant located near French Camp, Mississippi.  The purchase price is expected to be approximately $314 million.  Entergy Mississippi also expects to invest in various plant upgrades at the facility after closing and expects the total cost of the acquisition to be approximately $401 million.  The purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies.  These include regulatory approvals from the MPSC and the FERC.  Clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act has occurred.  In October 2018, Entergy Mississippi filed an application with the MPSC seeking approval of the acquisition and cost recovery.  In a separate filing in October 2018, Entergy Mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by Entergy Mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the Choctaw Generating Station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity additions approved by the MPSC.  Closing is expected to occur by the end of 2019.  Due diligence performed on the plant indicates that there exists a potential mechanical issue that must be addressed prior to closing.  There is some possibility that closing may be delayed to allow time for this issue to be resolved. Searcy Solar Facility                 In March 2019, Entergy Arkansas announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately 100 MW to-be-constructed solar energy facility that will be sited on approximately 800 acres in White County near Searcy, Arkansas.  The purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies.  The project will be constructed by a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources.  Entergy Arkansas will purchase the facility upon completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met.   Closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021. Dividends Declarations of dividends on Entergy’s common stock are made at the discretion of the Board.  Among other things, the Board evaluates the level of Entergy’s common stock dividends based upon earnings per share from the Utility operating segment and the Parent and Other portion of the business, financial strength, and future investment opportunities.  At its April 2019 meeting, the Board declared a dividend of $0.91 per share, which is the same quarterly dividend per share that Entergy has paid since the third quarter 2018. 8 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Cash Flow Activity As shown in Entergy’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Millions) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $481   $781         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 501   557 Investing activities (951 )   (974 ) Financing activities 952   841 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 502   424         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $983   $1,205 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased by $56 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to Utility customers.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; • the effect of less favorable weather on billed Utility sales in 2019; • an increase of $41 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018; and • an increase of $29 million in interest paid in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018 resulting from an increase in debt outstanding. The decrease was partially offset by: • an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of fuel and purchased power cost recovery; and • a decrease of $80 million in pension contributions in 2019 as compared to same period in 2018.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $23 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • a decrease in collateral posted to provide credit support to secure its obligations under agreements to sell power produced by Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ power plants; and • an increase of $11 million in nuclear fuel purchases due to variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle. 9 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis The decrease was partially offset by changes in the decommissioning trust funds and an increase of $20 million in construction expenditures, primarily in the Utility business.  The increase in construction expenditures in the Utility business is primarily due to: • an increase of $32 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 on various projects; • an increase of $27 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 on various projects; and • an increase of $21 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to higher spending on various nuclear projects. The increase in construction expenditures was partially offset by: • a decrease of $33 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to lower spending in 2019 on self-build projects in the Utility business; and • a decrease of $22 million in information technology capital expenditures primarily due to lower spending in 2019 on various projects. Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $111 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to a decrease in net repayments of $812 million of commercial paper in 2019.  The increase was partially offset by: • long-term debt activity providing approximately $1,145 million of cash in 2019 compared to approximately $1,772 million in 2018; • the repurchase in first quarter 2019 of $50 million of Class A mandatorily redeemable preferred membership units in Entergy Holdings Company LLC, a wholly-owned Entergy subsidiary, that were held by a third party; and • short-term borrowings of $39 million in 2018 by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities.   For the details of Entergy’s commercial paper program, the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ short-term borrowings, and long-term debt, see Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation ” in the Form 10-K for discussions of rate regulation, federal regulation, and related regulatory proceedings. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See Note 2 to the financial statements herein for updates to the discussion in the Form 10-K regarding these proceedings. Federal Regulation See Note 2 to the financial statements herein for updates to the discussion in the Form 10-K regarding federal regulatory proceedings. 10 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Market and Credit Risk Sensitive Instruments Commodity Price Risk Power Generation As a wholesale generator, Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ core business is selling energy, measured in MWh, to its customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities enters into forward contracts with its customers and also sells energy in the day ahead or spot markets.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities also sells unforced capacity, which allows load-serving entities to meet specified reserve and related requirements placed on them by the ISOs in their respective areas.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ forward physical power contracts consist of contracts to sell energy only, contracts to sell capacity only, and bundled contracts in which it sells both capacity and energy.  While the terminology and payment mechanics vary in these contracts, each of these types of contracts requires Entergy Wholesale Commodities to deliver MWh of energy, make capacity available, or both.  In addition to its forward physical power contracts, Entergy Wholesale Commodities may also use a combination of financial contracts, including swaps, collars, and options, to manage forward commodity price risk.  The sensitivities may not reflect the total maximum upside potential from higher market prices.  The information contained in the following table represents projections at a point in time and will vary over time based on numerous factors, such as future market prices, contracting activities, and generation.  Following is a summary of Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ current forward capacity and generation contracts as well as total revenue projections based on market prices as of March 31, 2019 (2019 represents the remainder of the year): Entergy Wholesale Commodities Nuclear Portfolio        2019   2020   2021   2022 Energy                 Percent of planned generation under contract (a):                 Unit-contingent (b)   98%   95%   91%   66% Planned generation (TWh) (c) (d)   18.6   17.7   9.6   2.8 Average revenue per MWh on contracted volumes:                 Expected based on market prices as of March 31, 2019   $34.7   $42.0   $56.9   $58.8                   Capacity                 Percent of capacity sold forward (e):                 Bundled capacity and energy contracts (f)   27%   37%   68%   97% Capacity contracts (g)   30%   27%   —%   —% Total   57%   64%   68%   97% Planned net MW in operation (average) (d)   3,167   2,195   1,158   338 Average revenue under contract per kW per month (applies to capacity contracts only)   $5.1   $3.2   $—   $—                   Total Energy and Capacity Revenues (h)                 Expected sold and market total revenue per MWh   $38.9   $45.1   $55.0   $47.5 Sensitivity: -/+ $10 per MWh market price change   $38.7-$39.1   $45.0-$45.2   $54.1-$55.9   $44.1-$51.0 (a) Percent of planned generation output sold or purchased forward under contracts, forward physical contracts, forward financial contracts, or options that mitigate price uncertainty.  Positions that are not classified as hedges are netted in the planned generation under contract. 11 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis (b) Transaction under which power is supplied from a specific generation asset; if the asset is not operating, the seller is generally not liable to the buyer for any damages.  Certain unit-contingent sales include a guarantee of availability.  Availability guarantees provide for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the seller fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold.  All of Entergy’s outstanding guarantees of availability provide for dollar limits on Entergy’s maximum liability under such guarantees. (c) Amount of output expected to be generated by Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear resources considering plant operating characteristics and outage schedules. (d) Assumes the planned shutdown of Pilgrim on May 31, 2019, planned shutdown of Indian Point 2 on April 30, 2020, planned shutdown of Indian Point 3 on April 30, 2021, and planned shutdown of Palisades on May 31, 2022.  For a discussion regarding the planned shutdown of the Pilgrim, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, and Palisades plants, see “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” above.  (e) Percent of planned qualified capacity sold to mitigate price uncertainty under physical or financial transactions. (f) A contract for the sale of installed capacity and related energy, priced per megawatt-hour sold. (g) A contract for the sale of an installed capacity product in a regional market. (h) Includes assumptions on converting a portion of the portfolio to contracted with fixed price and excludes non-cash revenue from the amortization of the Palisades below-market purchased power agreement, mark-to-market activity, and service revenues. Entergy estimates that a positive $10 per MWh change in the annual average energy price in the markets in which the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear business sells power, based on March 31, 2019 market conditions, planned generation volumes, and hedged positions, would have a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of $4 million for the remainder of 2019.  As of March 31, 2018, a positive $10 per MW change would have had a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of $1.4 million for the remainder of 2018.  A negative $10 per MWh change in the annual average energy price in the markets based on March 31, 2019 market conditions, planned generation volumes, and hedged positions, would have a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of ($4) million for the remainder of 2019.  As of March 31, 2018, a negative $10 per MW change would have had a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of ($1.4) million for the remainder of 2018. Some of the agreements to sell the power produced by Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ power plants contain provisions that require an Entergy subsidiary to provide credit support to secure its obligations under the agreements.  The Entergy subsidiary is required to provide credit support based upon the difference between the current market prices and contracted power prices in the regions where Entergy Wholesale Commodities sells power.  The primary form of credit support to satisfy these requirements is an Entergy Corporation guarantee.  Cash and letters of credit are also acceptable forms of credit support.  At March 31, 2019, based on power prices at that time, Entergy had liquidity exposure of $121 million under the guarantees in place supporting Entergy Wholesale Commodities transactions and $34 million of posted cash collateral.  In the event of a decrease in Entergy Corporation’s credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of March 31, 2019, Entergy would have been required to provide approximately $75 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements.  As of March 31, 2019, the liquidity exposure associated with Entergy Wholesale Commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $235 million for a $1 per MMBtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets. As of  March 31, 2019 , substantially all of the credit exposure associated with the planned energy output under contract for Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants through 2022 is with counterparties or their guarantors that have public investment grade credit ratings. Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  The following is an update to that discussion. 12 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Pilgrim In March 2019 the NRC moved Pilgrim from its “multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column,” or Column 4, of its Reactor Oversight Process Action Matrix to its “licensee response column,” or Column 1. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 13 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)       2019   2018   (In Thousands, Except Share Data) OPERATING REVENUES       Electric $2,121,024   $2,248,262 Natural gas 54,948   56,695 Competitive businesses 433,612   418,924 TOTAL 2,609,584   2,723,881         OPERATING EXPENSES       Operation and Maintenance:       Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale 478,330   443,296 Purchased power 339,507   396,023 Nuclear refueling outage expenses 50,441   42,760 Other operation and maintenance 783,051   783,585 Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges 73,979   72,924 Decommissioning 102,119   94,400 Taxes other than income taxes 158,575   165,218 Depreciation and amortization 357,274   347,065 Other regulatory charges (credits) (16,946 )   42,946 TOTAL 2,326,330   2,388,217         OPERATING INCOME   283,254   335,664         OTHER INCOME       Allowance for equity funds used during construction 38,216   28,343 Interest and investment income 228,149   16,870 Miscellaneous - net (64,658 )   (31,356 ) TOTAL 201,707   13,857         INTEREST EXPENSE       Interest expense 200,993   182,923 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction (17,449 )   (13,265 ) TOTAL 183,544   169,658         INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 301,417   179,863         Income taxes 42,771   43,663         CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME  258,646   136,200         Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries 4,109   3,439         NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENTERGY CORPORATION $254,537   $132,761         Earnings per average common share:       Basic $1.34   $0.73 Diluted $1.32   $0.73         Basic average number of common shares outstanding 189,575,187   180,707,575 Diluted average number of common shares outstanding 192,234,191   181,431,968         See Notes to Financial Statements.       14 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)       2019   2018   (In Thousands)         Net Income  $258,646   $136,200       Other comprehensive income       Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss) (net of tax expense (benefit) of ($5,352) and $25,349) (12,426 )   95,427 Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax expense of $3,249 and $4,568) 11,550   16,574 Net unrealized investment gain (loss) (net of tax expense of $8,073 and $5,375) 13,703   (32,856 ) Other comprehensive income 12,827   79,145       Comprehensive Income  271,473   215,345 Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries 4,109   3,439 Comprehensive Income Attributable to Entergy Corporation $267,364   $211,906         See Notes to Financial Statements.       15 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Consolidated net income    $258,646   $136,200 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   530,224   525,181 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   104,884   104,607 Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges   25,462   25,800 Changes in working capital:         Receivables   39,697   131,150 Fuel inventory   (4,401 )   (16,261 ) Accounts payable   (63,613 )   (68,857 ) Taxes accrued   (44,083 )   (56,301 ) Interest accrued   (20,546 )   (10,011 ) Deferred fuel costs   20,201   (76,238 ) Other working capital accounts   (42,016 )   (28,004 ) Changes in provisions for estimated losses   13,720   10,744 Changes in other regulatory assets   (162,192 )   84,349 Changes in other regulatory liabilities   130,924   (31,380 ) Changes in pensions and other postretirement liabilities   (7,713 )   (97,418 ) Other   (278,005 )   (76,168 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   501,189   557,393           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction/capital expenditures   (951,629 )   (931,479 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   38,322   28,512 Nuclear fuel purchases   (38,445 )   (49,647 ) Insurance proceeds received for property damages   —   1,582 Changes in securitization account   (1,084 )   (7,063 ) Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (2,285 )   (1,175 ) Decrease (increase) in other investments   39,045   (406 ) Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   1,307,547   1,091,332 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (1,342,429 )   (1,106,094 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (950,958 )   (974,438 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         16 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of:         Long-term debt   3,444,230   2,505,726 Treasury stock   35,577   1,952 Retirement of long-term debt   (2,298,855 )   (734,000 ) Repurchase of preferred membership units   (50,000 )   — Changes in credit borrowings and commercial paper - net   (17 )   (773,177 ) Other   (1,945 )   5,193 Dividends paid:         Common stock   (172,591 )   (160,887 ) Preferred stock   (4,109 )   (3,439 ) Net cash flow provided by financing activities   952,290   841,368         Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   502,521   424,323         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   480,975   781,273         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $983,496   $1,205,596           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $214,935   $185,606 Income taxes   ($13,844 )   ($4,297 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         17 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $118,384   $56,690 Temporary cash investments   865,112   424,285 Total cash and cash equivalents   983,496   480,975 Accounts receivable:         Customer   589,519   558,494 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (7,458 )   (7,322 ) Other   158,293   167,722 Accrued unbilled revenues   334,355   395,511 Total accounts receivable   1,074,709   1,114,405 Deferred fuel costs   19,209   27,251 Fuel inventory - at average cost   121,705   117,304 Materials and supplies - at average cost   771,707   752,843 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   231,628   230,960 Prepayments and other   205,322   234,326 TOTAL   3,407,776   2,958,064           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Decommissioning trust funds   6,877,865   6,920,164 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   310,215   304,382 Other   439,849   437,265 TOTAL   7,627,929   7,661,811           PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT         Electric   50,260,871   49,831,486 Natural gas   509,987   496,150 Construction work in progress   3,289,734   2,888,639 Nuclear fuel   790,398   861,272 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT   54,850,990   54,077,547 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   22,198,769   22,103,101 PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT - NET   32,652,221   31,974,446           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $333,783 as of March 31, 2019 and $360,790 as of December 31, 2018)   4,908,688   4,746,496 Deferred fuel costs   239,595   239,496 Goodwill   377,172   377,172 Accumulated deferred income taxes   61,255   54,593 Other   330,745   262,988 TOTAL   5,917,455   5,680,745           TOTAL ASSETS   $49,605,381   $48,275,066           See Notes to Financial Statements.         18 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $150,010   $650,009 Notes payable and commercial paper   1,942,322   1,942,339 Accounts payable   1,406,327   1,496,058 Customer deposits   409,433   411,505 Taxes accrued   210,156   254,241 Interest accrued   172,645   193,192 Deferred fuel costs   64,653   52,396 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   62,218   61,240 Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   239,664   248,127 Other   203,655   134,437 TOTAL   4,861,083   5,443,544           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   4,252,292   4,107,152 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   211,013   213,101 Regulatory liability for income taxes-net   1,737,479   1,817,021 Other regulatory liabilities   1,839,183   1,620,254 Decommissioning and asset retirement cost liabilities   6,577,180   6,355,543 Accumulated provisions   527,866   514,107 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   2,607,394   2,616,085 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $398,291 as of March 31, 2019 and $423,858 as of December 31, 2018)   17,167,886   15,518,303 Other   634,211   1,006,249 TOTAL   35,554,504   33,767,815           Commitments and Contingencies                   Subsidiaries' preferred stock without sinking fund   219,427   219,402           COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 500,000,000 shares; issued 261,587,009 shares in 2019 and in 2018   2,616   2,616 Paid-in capital   5,920,183   5,951,431 Retained earnings   8,809,902   8,721,150 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (551,152 )   (557,173 ) Less - treasury stock, at cost (71,670,773 shares in 2019 and 72,530,866 shares in 2018)   5,211,182   5,273,719 TOTAL   8,970,367   8,844,305           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY   $49,605,381   $48,275,066           See Notes to Financial Statements.         19 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)             Common Shareholders’ Equity   Subsidiaries’ Preferred Stock   Common Stock   Treasury Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Total   (In Thousands) Balance at December 31, 2017 $—   $2,548   ($5,397,637 )   $5,433,433   $7,977,702   ($23,531 )   $7,992,515 Implementation of accounting standards —   —   —   —   576,257   (632,617 )   (56,360 ) Balance at January 1, 2018 $—   $2,548   ($5,397,637 )   $5,433,433   $8,553,959   ($656,148 )   $7,936,155                             Consolidated net income  3,439   —   —   —   132,761   —   136,200 Other comprehensive income —   —   —   —   —   79,145   79,145 Common stock issuances related to stock plans —   —   20,477   (16,170 )   —   —   4,307 Common stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   (160,887 )   —   (160,887 ) Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries (3,439 )   —   —   —   —   —   (3,439 ) Reclassification pursuant to ASU 2018-02 —   —   —   —   (32,043 )   15,505   (16,538 ) Balance at March 31, 2018 $—   $2,548   ($5,377,160 )   $5,417,263   $8,493,790   ($561,498 )   $7,974,943                             Balance at December 31, 2018 $—   $2,616   ($5,273,719 )   $5,951,431   $8,721,150   ($557,173 )   $8,844,305 Implementation of accounting standards —   —   —   —   6,806   (6,806 )   — Balance at January 1, 2019 $—   $2,616   ($5,273,719 )   $5,951,431   $8,727,956   ($563,979 )   $8,844,305                             Consolidated net income 4,109   —   —   —   254,537   —   258,646 Other comprehensive income —   —   —   —   —   12,827   12,827 Common stock issuances related to stock plans —   —   62,537   (31,248 )   —   —   31,289 Common stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   (172,591 )   —   (172,591 ) Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries (4,109 )   —   —   —   —   —   (4,109 ) Balance at March 31, 2019 $—   $2,616   ($5,211,182 )   $5,920,183   $8,809,902   ($551,152 )   $8,970,367                             See Notes to Financial Statements.                         20 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                   Nine Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %   (Dollars in Millions)     Utility electric operating revenues:                 Residential   $803   $892   ($89 )   (10 ) Commercial   554   596   (42 )   (7 ) Industrial   601   597   4   1 Governmental   53   57   (4 )   (7 ) Total billed retail   2,011   2,142   (131 )   (6 ) Sales for resale   84   69   15   22 Other   26   37   (11 )   (30 ) Total   $2,121   $2,248   ($127 )   (6 )                 Utility billed electric energy sales (GWh):                 Residential   8,471   9,287   (816 )   (9 ) Commercial   6,423   6,732   (309 )   (5 ) Industrial   11,683   11,405   278   2 Governmental   601   608   (7 )   (1 ) Total retail   27,178   28,032   (854 )   (3 ) Sales for resale   3,814   3,244   570   18 Total   30,992   31,276   (284 )   (1 )                 Entergy Wholesale Commodities:                 Operating revenues   $434   $419   $15   4 Billed electric energy sales (GWh)   7,203   6,996   207   3 21 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) NOTE 1.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal, regulatory, and tax proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions, and governmental agencies in the ordinary course of business.  While management is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of such proceedings, management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on Entergy’s results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, except as otherwise discussed in the Form 10-K or in this report.  Entergy discusses regulatory proceedings in Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and herein and discusses tax proceedings in Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and Note 10 to the financial statements herein. Vidalia Purchased Power Agreement See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy Louisiana’s Vidalia purchased power agreement.   ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident, subsequent NRC reviews, and the deferral of replacement power costs.  Pilgrim NRC Oversight and Planned Shutdown   See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the NRC’s enhanced inspections of Pilgrim and Entergy’s planned shutdown of Pilgrim on May 31, 2019.  In March 2019 the NRC moved Pilgrim from its “multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column,” or Column 4, of its Reactor Oversight Process Action Matrix to its “licensee response column,” or Column 1. Spent Nuclear Fuel Litigation See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s spent nuclear fuel litigation.  Nuclear Insurance   See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on nuclear liability and property insurance associated with Entergy’s nuclear power plants.   Non-Nuclear Property Insurance   See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s non-nuclear property insurance program. Employment and Labor-related Proceedings See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s employment and labor-related proceedings. 22 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Asbestos Litigation   (Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas) See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information regarding asbestos litigation. NOTE 2.  RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS   (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information regarding regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities in the Utility business presented on the balance sheets of Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries.  The following are updates to that discussion. Fuel and purchased power cost recovery Entergy Arkansas Energy Cost Recovery Rider In March 2019, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected a decrease from  $0.01882  per kWh to  $0.01462  per kWh and became effective with the first billing cycle in April 2019.  In March 2019 the Arkansas Attorney General filed a response to Entergy Arkansas’s annual adjustment and included with its filing a motion for investigation of alleged overcharges to customers in connection with the FERC’s October 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  Entergy Arkansas filed its response to the Attorney General’s motion in April 2019 in which Entergy Arkansas stated its intent to initiate a proceeding to address recovery issues related to the October 2018 FERC order. Entergy Louisiana In July 2014 the LPSC authorized its staff to initiate an audit of Entergy Louisiana’s fuel adjustment clause filings.  The audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by Entergy Louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013.  In January 2019 the LPSC staff consultant issued its audit report.  In its report, the LPSC staff consultant recommended that Entergy Louisiana refund approximately  $7.3 million , plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant.  Entergy Louisiana recorded a provision in the first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. Entergy Mississippi Mississippi Attorney General Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint in state court in December 2008 against Entergy Corporation, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Services, and Entergy Power alleging, among other things, violations of Mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution.  The defendants have denied the allegations.  In December 2008 the Attorney General’s lawsuit was removed to U.S. District Court in Jackson, Mississippi.  Pre-trial and settlement conferences were held in October 2018.  In October 2018 the District Court rescheduled the trial to April 2019.  In April 2019 the District Court remanded the Attorney General’s lawsuit to the Hinds County Chancery Court in Jackson, Mississippi. 23 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Retail Rate Proceedings See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information regarding retail rate proceedings involving the Utility operating companies.  The following are updates to that discussion. Filings with the APSC (Entergy Arkansas) Formula Rate Plan As discussed in the Form 10-K, the formula rate plan filing that will be made in July 2019 to set the formula rates for the 2020 calendar year will include a netting adjustment that will compare projected costs and sales for 2018 that were approved in the 2017 formula rate plan filing to actual 2018 costs and sales data.  In the fourth quarter 2018 Entergy Arkansas recorded a provision of  $35.1 million  that reflected the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that will be included in the 2019 filing to reflect the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2018 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity.  In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Arkansas recorded an additional  $10.5 million  provision to reflect the current estimate of the historical year netting adjustment to be included in the 2019 filing.   Filings with the MPSC (Entergy Mississippi) Formula Rate Plan In March 2019, Entergy Mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2019 test year filing and 2018 look-back filing showing Entergy Mississippi’s earned return for the historical 2018 calendar year to be above the formula rate plan bandwidth and projected earned return for the 2019 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth.  The 2019 test year filing shows a  $36.8 million  rate increase is necessary to reset Entergy Mississippi’s earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of  6.94%  return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth.  The 2018 look-back filing compares actual 2018 results to the approved benchmark return on rate base and shows a  $10.1 million  interim decrease in formula rate plan revenues is necessary.  In the fourth quarter 2018, Entergy Mississippi recorded a provision of  $9.3 million  that reflected the estimate of the difference between the 2018 expected earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-adjusted bandwidth mechanism.  In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Mississippi recorded a  $0.8 million  increase in the provision to reflect the amount shown in the look-back filing.  The filing is currently subject to MPSC review.  A final order is expected in the second quarter 2019, with the resulting rates effective for the first billing cycle of July 2019. Filings with the PUCT (Entergy Texas) Base Rate Case In January 2019, Entergy Texas filed for recovery of rate case expenses totaling  $7.2 million .  The amounts requested primarily include internal and external expenses related to litigating the 2018 base rate case.  Parties filed testimony in April 2019 recommending a disallowance ranging from  $3.2 million  to  $4.2 million  of the  $7.2 million  requested.  Entergy Texas is evaluating its response to the parties’ positions.  A hearing is scheduled for June 2019.  Other Filings In March 2019, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to set a new distribution cost recovery factor (DCRF) rider.  The proposed new DCRF rider is designed to collect approximately  $3.2 million  annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers based on its capital invested in distribution between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2018.   A procedural schedule has been established, with a hearing in June 2019. 24 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements In December 2018, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to set a new transmission cost recovery factor (TCRF) rider.  The proposed new TCRF rider is designed to collect approximately  $2.7 million  annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between January 1, 2018 and September 30, 2018.  In April 2019 parties filed testimony proposing a load growth adjustment, which would fully offset Entergy Texas’s proposed TCRF revenue requirement.  The PUCT has previously ruled that load growth adjustments should not be included in a TCRF.  Entergy Texas filed a motion for interim rates to be effective April 2019.  In April 2019 the hearing on Entergy Texas’s motion and the hearing on the merits were held, and the ALJ suspended the date on which the TCRF would be put into permanent effect until July 2019, unless an earlier decision is issued by the PUCT.  This matter is currently awaiting the ALJ’s proposal for decision.  Entergy Arkansas Opportunity Sales Proceeding As discussed in the Form 10-K, in December 2018, Entergy made a compliance filing in response to the FERC’s October 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  The compliance filing provided a final calculation of Entergy Arkansas’s payments to the other Utility operating companies, including interest.  No protests were filed in response to the December 2018 compliance filing.  The December 2018 compliance filing is pending FERC action.  In February 2019 the LPSC filed a new complaint relating to two issues that were raised in the opportunity sales proceeding, but that, in its October 2018 order, the FERC held were outside the scope of the proceeding.  In March 2019, Entergy Services filed an answer and motion to dismiss the new complaint. Complaints Against System Energy Return on Equity and Capital Structure Complaints See the Form 10-K for a discussion of the return on equity complaints filed by the APSC and the MPSC and by the LPSC against System Energy.  The LPSC’s complaint also includes a challenge to System Energy’s capital structure.  In August 2018 the FERC issued an order dismissing the LPSC’s request to investigate System Energy’s capital structure and setting for hearing the return on equity complaint, with a refund effective date of April 2018.  The portion of the LPSC’s complaint dealing with return on equity was subsequently consolidated with the APSC and MPSC complaint for hearing.  The consolidated hearing has been scheduled for September 2019, and the parties are required to address an order (issued in a separate proceeding involving New England transmission owners) that proposed modifying the FERC’s standard methodology for determining return on equity.  In September 2018, System Energy filed a request for rehearing and the LPSC filed a request for rehearing or reconsideration of the FERC’s August 2018 order.  The LPSC’s request referenced an amended complaint that it filed on the same day raising the same capital structure claim the FERC had earlier dismissed.  The FERC initiated a new proceeding for the amended capital structure complaint, and System Energy submitted a response in October 2018.  In January 2019 the FERC set the amended capital structure complaint for settlement and hearing proceedings.  Settlement procedures in the capital structure proceeding commenced in February 2019. In January 2019 the LPSC and the APSC and MPSC filed direct testimony in the return on equity proceeding.  For the refund period January 23, 2017 through April 23, 2018, the LPSC argues for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of  7.81%  and the APSC and MPSC argue for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of  8.24% .  For the refund period April 27, 2018 through July 27, 2019, and for application on a prospective basis, the LPSC argues for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of  7.97%  and the APSC and MPSC argue for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of  8.41% . In March 2019, System Energy submitted answering testimony in the return on equity proceeding.  For the first refund period, System Energy’s testimony argues for a return on equity of  10.10%  (median) or  10.70%  (midpoint).  For the second refund period, System Energy’s testimony shows that the calculated returns on equity for the first period fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity, and thus the second complaint should be dismissed (and the first period return on equity used going forward). If the FERC nonetheless were to set a new return on equity for the second period (and going forward), System Energy argues the return on equity should be either  10.32%  (median) or  10.69%  (midpoint). 25 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Grand Gulf Sale-leaseback Renewal Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, in May 2018 the LPSC filed a complaint against System Energy and Entergy Services related to System Energy’s renewal of a sale-leaseback transaction originally entered into in December 1988 for an  11.5%  undivided interest in Grand Gulf Unit 1. In February 2019 the presiding ALJ ruled that the hearing ordered by the FERC includes the issue of whether specific subcategories of accumulated deferred income tax should be included in, or excluded from, System Energy’s formula rate.   In March 2019 the LPSC, MPSC, APSC and City Council filed direct testimony.  The LPSC testimony seeks refunds that include the renewal lease payments (approximately  $17.2 million  per year since July 2015), rate base reductions for accumulated deferred income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions (claimed to be approximately  $334.5 million  as of December 2018), and the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest (claimed to be approximately  $274.8 million ), as well as interest on those amounts.  The direct testimony of the City Council and the APSC and MPSC address various issues raised by the LPSC.  System Energy disputes that any refunds are owed for billings under the Unit Power Sales Agreement.  A hearing has been scheduled for November 2019. NOTE 3.  EQUITY (Entergy Corporation and Entergy Louisiana) Common Stock Earnings per Share The following table presents Entergy’s basic and diluted earnings per share calculations included on the consolidated income statements:                           For the Three Months Ended March 31,   2019   2018   (In Millions, Except Per Share Data)   Income   Shares   $/share   Income   Shares   $/share Basic earnings per share                       Net income attributable to Entergy Corporation $254.5   189.6   $1.34   $132.8   180.7   $0.73 Average dilutive effect of:                       Stock options     0.4   —       0.2   — Other equity plans     0.5   (0.01 )       0.5   — Equity forwards     1.7   (0.01 )       —   — Diluted earnings per share $254.5   192.2   $1.32   $132.8   181.4   $0.73 The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive effect was approximately  0.7 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and approximately  4 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 . Entergy’s stock options and other equity compensation plans are discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements herein and in Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K. Dividends declared per common share were  $0.91  for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and  $0.89  for the three months ended March 31, 2018. 26 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Equity Forward Sale Agreements As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, in June 2018, Entergy marketed an equity offering of  15.3 million  shares of common stock.  In lieu of issuing equity at the time of the offering, Entergy entered into forward sale agreements with various investment banks.  In December 2018, Entergy physically settled a portion of its obligations under the forward sale agreements by delivering  6,834,221  shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of approximately  $500 million .  Entergy is required to settle its remaining obligations under the forward sale agreements with respect to the remaining  8,448,171  shares of common stock on a settlement date or dates on or prior to June 7, 2019. Until settlement of the remaining equity forwards, earnings per share dilution resulting from the agreements, if any, will be determined under the treasury stock method.  Share dilution occurs when the average market price of Entergy’s common stock is higher than the average forward sales price.  If Entergy had elected to net share settle the forward sale agreements as of March 31, 2019, Entergy would have been required to deliver  2.0 million  shares.  Treasury Stock During the  three months ended March 31, 2019 , Entergy Corporation issued  860,093  shares of its previously repurchased common stock to satisfy stock option exercises, vesting of shares of restricted stock, and other stock-based awards.  Entergy Corporation did not repurchase any of its common stock during the  three months ended March 31, 2019 . Retained Earnings On April 3, 2019, Entergy Corporation’s Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of  $0.91  per share, payable on June 3, 2019, to holders of record as of May 9, 2019. Entergy implemented ASU No. 2017-12 “Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities” effective January 1, 2019.  The ASU makes a number of amendments to hedge accounting, most significantly changing the recognition and presentation of highly effective hedges.  Entergy implemented this standard using a modified retrospective method, and recorded an adjustment increasing retained earnings and increasing accumulated other comprehensive loss by approximately  $8 million  as of January 1, 2019 for the cumulative effect of the ineffectiveness portion of designated hedges on nuclear power sales. Entergy implemented ASU 2017-08 “Receivables (Topic 310): Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs” effective January 1, 2019.  The ASU amends the amortization period for certain purchased callable debt securities held at a premium to the earliest call date.  Entergy implemented this standard using the modified retrospective approach, and recorded an adjustment decreasing retained earnings and decreasing accumulated other comprehensive loss by approximately  $1 million  as of January 1, 2019 for the cumulative effect of the amended amortization period. Comprehensive Income Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is included in the equity section of the balance sheets of Entergy and Entergy Louisiana.  The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  by component: 27 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements   Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)   Pension and other postretirement liabilities   Net unrealized investment gain (loss)   Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (In Thousands) Ending balance, December 31, 2018 ($23,135 )   ($531,922 )   ($2,116 )   ($557,173 ) Implementation of accounting standards (7,685 )   —   879   (6,806 ) Beginning balance, January 1, 2019 ($30,820 )   ($531,922 )   ($1,237 )   ($563,979 )                 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 28,312   —   13,539   41,851 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (40,738 )   11,550   164   (29,024 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period (12,426 )   11,550   13,703   12,827 Ending balance, March 31, 2019 ($43,246 )   ($520,372 )   $12,466   ($551,152 ) The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy for the  three months ended March 31, 2018  by component:   Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)   Pension and other postretirement liabilities   Net unrealized investment gain (loss)   Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (In Thousands)                 Ending balance, December 31, 2017 ($37,477 )   ($531,099 )   $545,045   ($23,531 ) Implementation of accounting standards —   —   (632,617 )   (632,617 ) Beginning balance, January 1, 2018 ($37,477 )   ($531,099 )   ($87,572 )   ($656,148 )                 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 71,566   —   838   72,404 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 23,861   16,574   (33,694 )   6,741 Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period 95,427   16,574   (32,856 )   79,145                 Reclassification pursuant to ASU 2018-02 (7,756 )   (90,966 )   114,227   15,505                 Ending balance, March 31, 2018 $50,194   ($605,491 )   ($6,201 )   ($561,498 )                                               28 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy Louisiana for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and 2018:     Pension and Other Postretirement Liabilities     2019   2018     (In Thousands) Beginning balance, January 1,   ($6,153 )   ($46,400 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   (969 )   (501 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period   (969 )   (501 )           Reclassification pursuant to ASU 2018-02   —   (10,049 )           Ending balance, March 31,   ($7,122 )   ($56,950 )             Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) into income for Entergy for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:   Amounts reclassified  from AOCI   Income Statement Location   2019   2018       (In Thousands)     Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)              Power contracts $51,615   ($30,082 )   Competitive business operating revenues    Interest rate swaps (48 )   (122 )   Miscellaneous - net Total realized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 51,567   (30,204 )       (10,829 )   6,343   Income taxes Total realized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges (net of tax) $40,738   ($23,861 )                 Pension and other postretirement liabilities              Amortization of prior-service credit $5,326   $5,426   (a)    Amortization of loss (18,988 )   (24,952 )   (a)    Settlement loss (1,137 )   (1,616 )   (a) Total amortization (14,799 )   (21,142 )       3,249   4,568   Income taxes Total amortization (net of tax) ($11,550 )   ($16,574 )                 Net unrealized investment gain (loss)           Realized gain (loss) ($259 )   $53,314   Interest and investment income   95   (19,620 )   Income taxes Total realized investment gain (loss) (net of tax) ($164 )   $33,694                 Total reclassifications for the period (net of tax) $29,024   ($6,741 )     (a) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement cost.  See Note 6 to the financial statements herein for additional details. 29 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements               Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) into income for Entergy Louisiana for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:     Amounts reclassified from AOCI   Income Statement Location     2019   2018         (In Thousands)     Pension and other postretirement liabilities                Amortization of prior-service credit   $1,838   $1,934   (a)    Amortization of loss   (527 )   (1,257 )   (a) Total amortization   1,311   677         (342 )   (176 )   Income taxes Total amortization (net of tax)   969   501                   Total reclassifications for the period (net of tax)   $969   $501     (a) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement cost.  See Note 6 to the financial statements herein for additional details. NOTE 4.  REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITIES, LINES OF CREDIT, SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS, AND LONG-TERM DEBT   (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy Corporation has in place a credit facility that has a borrowing capacity of  $3.5 billion  and expires in September 2023.  The facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against  $20 million  of the total borrowing capacity of the credit facility.  The commitment fee is currently  0.225%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  Commitment fees and interest rates on loans under the credit facility can fluctuate depending on the senior unsecured debt ratings of Entergy Corporation.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  4.03%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  Following is a summary of the borrowings outstanding and capacity available under the facility as of  March 31, 2019 . Capacity    Borrowings   Letters of Credit   Capacity Available (In Millions) $3,500   $320   $6   $3,174 Entergy Corporation’s credit facility requires Entergy to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of  65%  or less of its total capitalization.  Entergy is in compliance with this covenant.  If Entergy fails to meet this ratio, or if Entergy Corporation or one of the Utility operating companies (except Entergy New Orleans) defaults on other indebtedness or is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, an acceleration of the facility maturity date may occur. Entergy Corporation has a commercial paper program with a Board-approved program limit of up to  $2 billion .  At  March 31, 2019 , Entergy Corporation had approximately  $1,942 million  of commercial paper outstanding.  The weighted-average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  3.03% . 30 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas each had credit facilities available as of  March 31, 2019  as follows:  Company   Expiration Date   Amount of Facility   Interest Rate (a)   Amount Drawn as of March 31, 2019   Letters of Credit Outstanding as of March 31, 2019 Entergy Arkansas   April 2020   $20 million (b)   3.75%   $—   $— Entergy Arkansas   September 2023   $150 million (c)   3.75%   $—   $— Entergy Louisiana   September 2023   $350 million (c)   3.75%   $—   $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2019   $37.5 million (d)   4.00%   $—   $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2019   $35 million (d)   4.00%   $—   $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2019   $10 million (d)   4.00%   $—   $— Entergy New Orleans   November 2021   $25 million (c)   3.77%   $—   $0.8 million Entergy Texas   September 2023   $150 million (c)   4.00%   $—   $1.3 million (a) The interest rate is the estimated interest rate as of  March 31, 2019  that would have been applied to outstanding borrowings under the facility. (b) Borrowings under the Entergy Arkansas credit facility may be secured by a security interest in its accounts receivable at Entergy Arkansas’s option.  (c) The credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against a portion of the borrowing capacity of the facility as follows:  $5 million  for Entergy Arkansas;  $15 million  for Entergy Louisiana;  $10 million  for Entergy New Orleans; and  $30 million  for Entergy Texas. (d) Borrowings under the Entergy Mississippi credit facilities may be secured by a security interest in its accounts receivable at Entergy Mississippi’s option.  Entergy Mississippi expects to renew its credit facilities prior to expiration.  The commitment fees on the credit facilities range from  0.075%  to  0.225%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  Each of the credit facilities requires the Registrant Subsidiary borrower to maintain a debt ratio, as defined, of  65%  or less of its total capitalization.  Each Registrant Subsidiary is in compliance with this covenant.  In addition, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas each entered into uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  Following is a summary of the uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities as of  March 31, 2019 : Company   Amount of  Uncommitted Facility   Letter of Credit Fee   Letters of Credit Issued as of March 31, 2019 (a) Entergy Arkansas   $25 million   0.70%   $1 million Entergy Louisiana   $125 million    0.70%   $43 million Entergy Mississippi   $40 million   0.70%   $12.1 million Entergy New Orleans   $15 million   1.00%   $1 million Entergy Texas   $50 million   0.70%   $11.7 million (a)  As of  March 31, 2019 , letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.4 million  for Entergy Mississippi, and  $1.5 million  for Entergy Texas.  See Note 8 to the financial statements herein for discussion of financial transmission rights. The short-term borrowings of the Registrant Subsidiaries are limited to amounts authorized by the FERC.  The current FERC-authorized limits for Entergy New Orleans are effective through October 31, 2019.  The current FERC- 31 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements authorized limits for Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Texas, and System Energy are effective through November 8, 2020.  In addition to borrowings from commercial banks, these companies may also borrow from the Entergy System money pool and from other internal short-term borrowing arrangements.  The money pool and the other internal borrowing arrangements are inter-company borrowing arrangements designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ dependence on external short-term borrowings.  Borrowings from internal and external short term borrowings combined may not exceed the FERC-authorized limits.  The following are the FERC-authorized limits for short-term borrowings and the outstanding short-term borrowings as of  March 31, 2019  (aggregating both internal and external short-term borrowings) for the Registrant Subsidiaries:   Authorized   Borrowings   (In Millions) Entergy Arkansas $250   $— Entergy Louisiana  $450    $— Entergy Mississippi $175   $11 Entergy New Orleans $150   $2 Entergy Texas $200   $— System Energy $200   $— Vermont Yankee Asset Retirement Management, LLC Credit Facility In January 2019, Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee was transferred to NorthStar and its credit facility was assumed by Vermont Yankee Asset Retirement Management, LLC, Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee’s parent company that remains an Entergy subsidiary after the transfer.  The credit facility has a borrowing capacity of  $139 million  and expires in November 2020.  The commitment fee is currently  0.20%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  As of  March 31, 2019 ,  $139 million  in cash borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  was  4.28%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and Note 16 to the financial statements herein for discussion of the transfer of Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee to NorthStar. Variable Interest Entities  (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) See Note 17 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the consolidation of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities (VIEs).  To finance the acquisition and ownership of nuclear fuel, the nuclear fuel company VIEs have credit facilities and three of the four VIEs have commercial paper programs in place.  Following is a summary as of  March 31, 2019  as follows: Company   Expiration Date    Amount of Facility   Weighted Average Interest Rate on Borrowings (a)   Amount Outstanding as of March 31, 2019       (Dollars in Millions) Entergy Arkansas VIE   September 2021   $80   3.50%   $42.6 Entergy Louisiana River Bend VIE   September 2021   $105   3.46%   $95.4 Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   September 2021   $105   3.48%   $79.5 System Energy VIE   September 2021   $120   3.45%   $94.1 (a) Includes letter of credit fees and bank fronting fees on commercial paper issuances, if any, by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities for Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy.  The nuclear fuel company variable interest entity for Entergy Louisiana River Bend does not issue commercial paper, but borrows directly on its bank credit facility. 32 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The commitment fees on the credit facilities are  0.10%  of the undrawn commitment amount for the Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy VIEs.  Each credit facility requires the respective lessee of nuclear fuel (Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, or Entergy Corporation as guarantor for System Energy) to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of  70%  or less of its total capitalization. The nuclear fuel company variable interest entities had notes payable that are included in debt on the respective balance sheets as of  March 31, 2019  as follows: Company   Description   Amount Entergy Arkansas VIE   3.65% Series L due July 2021   $90 million Entergy Arkansas VIE   3.17% Series M due December 2023   $40 million  Entergy Louisiana River Bend VIE   3.38% Series R due August 2020   $70 million Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   3.92% Series H due February 2021   $40 million Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   3.22% Series I due December 2023   $20 million System Energy VIE   3.42% Series J due April 2021   $100 million In accordance with regulatory treatment, interest on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities, commercial paper, and long-term notes payable is reported in fuel expense. Debt Issuances and Retirements   (Entergy Arkansas) In March 2019, Entergy Arkansas issued  $350 million  of  4.20%  Series first mortgage bonds due April 2049.  Entergy Arkansas expects to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. (Entergy Louisiana) In March 2019, Entergy Louisiana issued  $525 million  of  4.20%  Series collateral trust mortgage bonds due April 2050.  Entergy Louisiana expects to use the proceeds, together with other funds, to finance the construction of the Lake Charles Power Station and the St. Charles Power Station, and for general corporate purposes. (Entergy Texas) In January 2019, Entergy Texas issued  $300 million  of  4.0%  Series first mortgage bonds due March 2029 and  $400 million  of  4.5%  Series first mortgage bonds due March 2039.  Entergy Texas used the proceeds to repay, at maturity, its  $500 million  of  7.125%  Series first mortgage bonds due February 2019, and for general corporate purposes. (System Energy) In March 2019, System Energy issued  $134 million  of  2.50%  Series 2019 revenue refunding bonds due April 2022.  The proceeds were used to redeem, prior to maturity,  $134 million  of  5.875%  Series 1998 pollution control revenue refunding bonds due April 2022. 33 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Fair Value The book value and the fair value of long-term debt for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  March 31, 2019  are as follows:   Book Value of Long-Term Debt   Fair Value of Long-Term Debt (a) (b)   (In Thousands) Entergy $17,317,896   $17,613,263 Entergy Arkansas $3,555,152   $3,471,105 Entergy Louisiana $7,377,912   $7,665,243 Entergy Mississippi $1,325,915   $1,332,283 Entergy New Orleans $483,844   $510,959 Entergy Texas $1,680,966   $1,755,754 System Energy $610,798   $586,518 (a) The values exclude lease obligations of  $34 million  at System Energy and long-term DOE obligations of  $188 million  at Entergy Arkansas, and include debt due within one year. (b) Fair values are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements herein. The book value and the fair value of long-term debt for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2018  were as follows:   Book Value of Long-Term Debt   Fair Value of Long-Term Debt (a) (b)   (In Thousands) Entergy $16,168,312   $15,880,239 Entergy Arkansas $3,225,759   $3,002,627 Entergy Louisiana $6,805,768   $6,834,134 Entergy Mississippi $1,325,750   $1,276,452 Entergy New Orleans $483,704   $491,569 Entergy Texas $1,513,735   $1,528,828 System Energy $630,750   $596,123 (a) The values exclude the lease obligations of  $34 million  at System Energy and long-term DOE obligations of  $187 million  at Entergy Arkansas, and include debt due within one year. (b) Fair values are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements herein. NOTE 5.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Entergy Corporation) Entergy grants stock and stock-based awards, which are described more fully in Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Awards under Entergy’s plans generally vest over three years. 34 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Stock Options Entergy granted options on  693,161  shares of its common stock under the 2015 Equity Ownership Plan during the first quarter 2019 with a fair value of  $8.32  per option.  As of  March 31, 2019 , there were options on  3,210,237  shares of common stock outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of  $78.25 .  The intrinsic value, which has no effect on net income, of the outstanding stock options is calculated by the positive difference between the weighted average exercise price of the stock options granted and Entergy Corporation’s common stock price as of  March 31, 2019 .  The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding as of  March 31, 2019  was  $55.8 million .             The following table includes financial information for outstanding stock options for the  three months ended March 31, 2019  and  2018 :   2019   2018   (In Millions) Compensation expense included in Entergy’s net income $1.0   $1.1 Tax benefit recognized in Entergy’s net income $0.2   $0.3 Compensation cost capitalized as part of fixed assets and inventory $0.3   $0.2 Other Equity Awards In January 2019 the Board approved and Entergy granted  355,537  restricted stock awards and  180,824  long-term incentive awards under the 2015 Equity Ownership Plan.  The restricted stock awards were made effective as of January 31, 2019 and were valued at  $89.19  per share, which was the closing price of Entergy’s common stock on that date.  One-third of the restricted stock awards will vest upon each anniversary of the grant date.  Shares of restricted stock have the same dividend and voting rights as other common stock, are considered issued and outstanding shares of Entergy upon vesting, and are expensed ratably over the  three -year vesting period. In addition, long-term incentive awards were also granted in the form of performance units that represent the value of, and are settled with, one share of Entergy Corporation common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period on the number of performance units earned.  For the 2019-2021 performance period, performance will be measured based  eighty  percent on relative total shareholder return and  twenty  percent on a cumulative adjusted earnings per share metric.  The performance units were granted as of January 31, 2019 and  eighty  percent were valued at  $102.07  per share based on various factors, primarily market conditions; and  twenty  percent were valued at  $89.19  per share, the closing price of Entergy’s common stock on that date.  Performance units have the same dividend rights as shares of Entergy common stock and are considered issued and outstanding shares of Entergy upon vesting. Performance units are expensed ratably over the  three -year vesting period and compensation cost for the portion of the award based on cumulative adjusted earnings per share will be adjusted based on the number of units that ultimately vest.  See Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the Long-Term Performance Unit Program.         The following table includes financial information for other outstanding equity awards for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 :   2019   2018   (In Millions) Compensation expense included in Entergy’s net income $8.8   $8.8 Tax benefit recognized in Entergy’s net income $2.2   $2.2 Compensation cost capitalized as part of fixed assets and inventory $2.9   $2.3 35 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 6.  RETIREMENT AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Components of Qualified Net Pension Cost         Entergy’s qualified pension cost, including amounts capitalized, for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018, included the following components:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period $33,607   $38,752 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 73,941   66,854 Expected return on assets (103,884 )   (110,535 ) Amortization of prior service cost —   99 Amortization of loss 58,418   68,526 Settlement charges 1,137   — Net pension costs $63,219   $63,696                                                     The Registrant Subsidiaries’ qualified pension cost, including amounts capitalized, for their employees for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018, included the following components: 2019   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $5,261   $7,284   $1,629   $569   $1,350   $1,550 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation   14,175   15,882   4,068   1,874   3,613   3,364 Expected return on assets   (20,176 )   (22,652 )   (5,968 )   (2,696 )   (5,862 )   (4,678 ) Amortization of loss   11,840   11,643   3,104   1,529   2,334   2,850 Net pension cost   $11,100   $12,157   $2,833   $1,276   $1,435   $3,086 2018   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $6,189   $8,446   $1,822   $673   $1,589   $1,776 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation   13,004   14,940   3,769   1,813   3,348   3,227 Expected return on assets   (21,851 )   (24,809 )   (6,502 )   (2,993 )   (6,523 )   (4,991 ) Amortization of loss   13,412   14,450   3,610   1,954   2,626   3,715 Net pension cost   $10,754   $13,027   $2,699   $1,447   $1,040   $3,727 Non-Qualified Net Pension Cost Entergy recognized  $4 million  and  $8.9 million  in pension cost for its non-qualified pension plans in the  first  quarters of  2019  and  2018 , respectively.  Reflected in the pension cost for non-qualified pension plans in the first quarter of 2018 were settlement charges of  $4.4 million  related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the plan.                      36 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The Registrant Subsidiaries recognized the following pension cost for their employees for their non-qualified pension plans for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   (In Thousands) 2019 $73   $43   $75   $5   $124 2018 $132   $50   $80   $21   $137 Reflected in Entergy Arkansas’s non-qualified pension costs in the first quarter of 2018 were settlement charges of  $12 thousand  related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the plan.  Components of Net Other Postretirement Benefit Cost         Entergy’s other postretirement benefit cost, including amounts capitalized, for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018, included the following components:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period $4,675   $6,782 Interest cost on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) 11,975   12,681 Expected return on assets (9,562 )   (10,373 ) Amortization of prior service credit (8,844 )   (9,251 ) Amortization of loss 358   3,432 Net other postretirement benefit cost ($1,398 )   $3,271                                                     The Registrant Subsidiaries’ other postretirement benefit cost, including amounts capitalized, for their employees for first quarters of 2019 and 2018, included the following components:   2019   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $591   $1,160   $262   $92   $236   $243 Interest cost on APBO   1,807   2,666   670   395   854   476 Expected return on assets   (3,991 )   —   (1,199 )   (1,237 )   (2,276 )   (697 ) Amortization of prior service credit   (1,238 )   (1,837 )   (439 )   (171 )   (561 )   (363 ) Amortization of (gain) loss   144   (174 )   181   58   121   89 Net other postretirement benefit cost   ($2,687 )   $1,815   ($525 )   ($863 )   ($1,626 )   ($252 ) 37 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2018   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $793   $1,556   $321   $129   $330   $306 Interest cost on APBO   1,997   2,789   683   417   939   500 Expected return on assets   (4,342 )   —   (1,303 )   (1,313 )   (2,446 )   (783 ) Amortization of prior service credit   (1,278 )   (1,934 )   (456 )   (186 )   (579 )   (378 ) Amortization of loss   289   388   377   34   206   233 Net other postretirement benefit cost   ($2,541 )   $2,799   ($378 )   ($919 )   ($1,550 )   ($122 ) Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                     Entergy and Entergy Louisiana reclassified the following costs out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (before taxes and including amounts capitalized) for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018: 2019 Qualified Pension Costs Other Postretirement Costs Non-Qualified Pension Costs Total (In Thousands) Entergy Amortization of prior service (cost) credit $— $5,375 ($49 ) $5,326 Amortization of loss (18,735 ) 308 (561 ) (18,988 ) Settlement loss (1,137 ) — — (1,137 ) ($19,872 ) $5,683 ($610 ) ($14,799 ) Entergy Louisiana Amortization of prior service credit $— $1,838 $— $1,838 Amortization of loss (699 ) 174 (2 ) (527 ) ($699 ) $2,012 ($2 ) $1,311 2018   Qualified Pension Costs   Other Postretirement Costs   Non-Qualified Pension Costs   Total     (In Thousands)     Entergy                 Amortization of prior service (cost) credit   ($99 )   $5,595   ($70 )   $5,426 Amortization of loss   (21,957 )   (1,932 )   (1,063 )   (24,952 ) Settlement loss   —   —   (1,616 )   (1,616 )     ($22,056 )   $3,663   ($2,749 )   ($21,142 ) Entergy Louisiana                 Amortization of prior service credit   $—   $1,934   $—   $1,934 Amortization of loss   (867 )   (388 )   (2 )   (1,257 )     ($867 )   $1,546   ($2 )   $677 38 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Employer Contributions Based on current assumptions, Entergy expects to contribute  $176.9 million  to its qualified pension plans in 2019.  As of  March 31, 2019 , Entergy had contributed  $11.7 million  to its pension plans.  Based on current assumptions, the Registrant Subsidiaries expect to contribute the following to qualified pension plans for their employees in  2019 :   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy   (In Thousands) Expected 2019 pension contributions $27,112   $26,451   $7,701   $1,800   $1,645   $8,285 Pension contributions made through March 2019 $454   $1,914   $156   $111   $286   $290 Remaining estimated pension contributions to be made in 2019 $26,658   $24,537   $7,545   $1,689   $1,359   $7,995 NOTE 7.  BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy Corporation Entergy’s reportable segments as of  March 31, 2019  are Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities.  Utility includes the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric power in portions of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, and natural gas utility service in portions of Louisiana.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities includes the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants located in the northern United States and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating plants to wholesale customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities also includes the ownership of interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell the electric power produced by those plants to wholesale customers.  “All Other” includes the parent company, Entergy Corporation, and other business activity. Entergy’s segment financial information for the first quarters of  2019  and  2018  is as follows:     Utility   Entergy Wholesale Commodities   All Other   Eliminations   Entergy     (In Thousands) 2019                     Operating revenues   $2,175,982   $433,612   $—   ($10 )   $2,609,584 Income taxes   ($11,564 )   $65,908   ($11,573 )   $—   $42,771 Consolidated net income (loss)   $234,147   $97,079   ($40,682 )   ($31,898 )   $258,646 Total assets as of March 31, 2019   $46,502,826   $5,065,643   $719,602   ($2,682,690 )   $49,605,381 2018                     Operating revenues   $2,304,990   $418,924   $—   ($33 )   $2,723,881 Income taxes   $52,224   ($1,078 )   ($7,483 )   $—   $43,663 Consolidated net income (loss)   $217,940   ($17,779 )   ($32,063 )   ($31,898 )   $136,200 Total assets as of December 31, 2018   $44,777,167   $5,459,275   $733,366   ($2,694,742 )   $48,275,066 The Entergy Wholesale Commodities business is sometimes referred to as the “competitive businesses.”  Eliminations are primarily intersegment activity.  Almost all of Entergy’s goodwill is related to the Utility segment. 39 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, Entergy management has undertaken a strategy to manage and reduce the risk of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business, which includes taking actions to shut down and sell all of the remaining plants in the merchant nuclear fleet.  These decisions and transactions resulted in asset impairments; employee retention and severance expenses and other benefits-related costs; and contracted economic development contributions. Total restructuring charges for the first quarters of 2019 and 2018 were comprised of the following:   2019   2018   Employee retention and severance  expenses and other benefits-related costs   Contracted economic development costs   Total   Employee retention and severance  expenses and other benefits-related costs   Contracted economic development costs   Total   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $179   $14   $193   $83   $14   $97 Restructuring costs accrued 34   —   34   26   —   26 Balance as of March 31, $213   $14   $227   $109   $14   $123 In addition, Entergy Wholesale Commodities incurred  $74 million  in the first quarter 2019 and  $73 million  in the first quarter 2018 of impairment and other related charges associated with these strategic decisions and transactions.  Going forward, Entergy Wholesale Commodities expects to incur employee retention and severance expenses associated with management’s strategy to exit the merchant power business of approximately  $130 million  in 2019, of which  $34 million  has been incurred as of March 31, 2019, and a total of approximately  $110 million  from 2020 through mid-2022.  Registrant Subsidiaries Each of the Registrant Subsidiaries has one reportable segment, which is an integrated utility business, except for System Energy, which is an electricity generation business.  Each of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ operations is managed on an integrated basis by that company because of the substantial effect of cost-based rates and regulatory oversight on the business process, cost structures, and operating results. NOTE 8.  RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Market Risk In the normal course of business, Entergy is exposed to a number of market risks.  Market risk is the potential loss that Entergy may incur as a result of changes in the market or fair value of a particular commodity or instrument.  All financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk including commodity price risk, equity price, and interest rate risk.  Entergy uses derivatives primarily to mitigate commodity price risk, particularly power price and fuel price risk. 40 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The Utility has limited exposure to the effects of market risk because it operates primarily under cost-based rate regulation.  To the extent approved by their retail regulators, the Utility operating companies use derivative instruments to hedge the exposure to price volatility inherent in their purchased power, fuel, and gas purchased for resale costs that are recovered from customers. As a wholesale generator, Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ core business is selling energy, measured in MWh, to its customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities enters into forward contracts with its customers and also sells energy and capacity in the day ahead or spot markets.  In addition to its forward physical power and gas contracts, Entergy Wholesale Commodities also uses a combination of financial contracts, including swaps, collars, and options, to mitigate commodity price risk.  When the market price falls, the combination of instruments is expected to settle in gains that offset lower revenue from generation, which results in a more predictable cash flow. Entergy’s exposure to market risk is determined by a number of factors, including the size, term, composition, and diversification of positions held, as well as market volatility and liquidity.  For instruments such as options, the time period during which the option may be exercised and the relationship between the current market price of the underlying instrument and the option’s contractual strike or exercise price also affects the level of market risk.  A significant factor influencing the overall level of market risk to which Entergy is exposed is its use of hedging techniques to mitigate such risk.  Hedging instruments and volumes are chosen based on ability to mitigate risk associated with future energy and capacity prices; however, other considerations are factored into hedge product and volume decisions including corporate liquidity, corporate credit ratings, counterparty credit risk, hedging costs, firm settlement risk, and product availability in the marketplace.  Entergy manages market risk by actively monitoring compliance with stated risk management policies as well as monitoring the effectiveness of its hedging policies and strategies.  Entergy’s risk management policies limit the amount of total net exposure and rolling net exposure during the stated periods.  These policies, including related risk limits, are regularly assessed to ensure their appropriateness given Entergy’s objectives. Derivatives Some derivative instruments are classified as cash flow hedges due to their financial settlement provisions while others are classified as normal purchase/normal sale transactions due to their physical settlement provisions.  Normal purchase/normal sale risk management tools include power purchase and sales agreements, fuel purchase agreements, capacity contracts, and tolling agreements.  Financially-settled cash flow hedges can include natural gas and electricity swaps and options and interest rate swaps.  Entergy may enter into financially-settled swap and option contracts to manage market risk that may or may not be designated as hedging instruments. Entergy enters into derivatives to manage natural risks inherent in its physical or financial assets or liabilities.  Electricity over-the-counter instruments and futures contracts that financially settle against day-ahead power pool prices are used to manage price exposure for Entergy Wholesale Commodities generation.  The maximum length of time over which Entergy Wholesale Commodities is currently hedging the variability in future cash flows with derivatives for forecasted power transactions at  March 31, 2019  is approximately  2  years.  Planned generation currently under contract from Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants is  98%  for the remainder of  2019 , of which approximately  72%  is sold under financial derivatives and the remainder under normal purchase/normal sale contracts.  Total planned generation for the remainder of  2019  is  18.6  TWh. Entergy may use standardized master netting agreements to help mitigate the credit risk of derivative instruments.  These master agreements facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty and may include collateral requirements.  Cash, letters of credit, and parental/affiliate guarantees may be obtained as security from counterparties in order to mitigate credit risk.  The collateral agreements require a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit in the event an exposure exceeds an established threshold.  The threshold represents an unsecured credit limit, which may be supported by a parental/affiliate guarantee, as determined in accordance with Entergy’s credit policy.  In addition, collateral agreements allow for termination and liquidation of all positions in the event of a failure or inability to post collateral. 41 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Certain of the agreements to sell the power produced by Entergy Wholesale Commodities power plants contain provisions that require an Entergy subsidiary to provide credit support to secure its obligations depending on the mark-to-market values of the contracts.  The primary form of credit support to satisfy these requirements is an Entergy Corporation guarantee.  As of  March 31, 2019 , derivative contracts with  seven  counterparties were in a liability position (approximately  $49 million  total).  In addition to the corporate guarantee,  $19 million  in cash collateral were required to be posted by the Entergy subsidiary to its counterparties and  $1 million  in cash and  $4 million  in letters of credit were required to be posted by its counterparties to the Entergy subsidiary.  As of  December 31, 2018 , derivative contracts with  six  counterparties were in a liability position (approximately  $34 million  total).  In addition to the corporate guarantee,  $19 million  in cash collateral was required to be posted by the Entergy subsidiary to its counterparties.  If the Entergy Corporation credit rating falls below investment grade, Entergy would have to post collateral equal to the estimated outstanding liability under the contract at the applicable date.    Entergy manages fuel price volatility for its Louisiana jurisdictions (Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans) and Entergy Mississippi through the purchase of natural gas swaps and options that financially settle against either the average Henry Hub Gas Daily prices or the NYMEX Henry Hub.  These swaps and options are marked-to-market through fuel expense with offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities.  All benefits or costs of the program are recorded in fuel costs.  The notional volumes of these swaps are based on a portion of projected annual exposure to gas price volatility for electric generation at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Mississippi and projected winter purchases for gas distribution at Entergy New Orleans.  The maximum length of time over which Entergy has executed natural gas swaps and options as of  March 31, 2019  is  5 years  for Entergy Louisiana and the maximum length of time over which Entergy has executed natural gas swaps as of  March 31, 2019  is  7 months  for Entergy Mississippi.  The total volume of natural gas swaps and options outstanding as of  March 31, 2019  is  45,740,000  MMBtu for Entergy, including  36,540,000  MMBtu for Entergy Louisiana and  9,200,000  MMBtu for Entergy Mississippi.  Credit support for these natural gas swaps and options is covered by master agreements that do not require Entergy to provide collateral based on mark-to-market value, but do carry adequate assurance language that may lead to requests for collateral. During the second quarter 2018, Entergy participated in the annual financial transmission rights auction process for the MISO planning year of June 1, 2018 through May 31, 2019.  Financial transmission rights are derivative instruments which represent economic hedges of future congestion charges that will be incurred in serving Entergy’s customer load.  They are not designated as hedging instruments.  Entergy initially records financial transmission rights at their estimated fair value and subsequently adjusts the carrying value to their estimated fair value at the end of each accounting period prior to settlement.  Unrealized gains or losses on financial transmission rights held by Entergy Wholesale Commodities are included in operating revenues.  The Utility operating companies recognize regulatory liabilities or assets for unrealized gains or losses on financial transmission rights.  The total volume of financial transmission rights outstanding as of  March 31, 2019  is  18,928  GWh for Entergy, including  4,099  GWh for Entergy Arkansas,  8,235  GWh for Entergy Louisiana,  2,520  GWh for Entergy Mississippi,  948  GWh for Entergy New Orleans, and  3,047  GWh for Entergy Texas.  Credit support for financial transmission rights held by the Utility operating companies is covered by cash and/or letters of credit issued by each Utility operating company as required by MISO.  Credit support for financial transmission rights held by Entergy Wholesale Commodities is covered by cash.  No cash or letters of credit were required to be posted for financial transmission rights exposure for Entergy Wholesale Commodities as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018.  Letters of credit posted with MISO covered the financial transmission rights exposure for Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Texas as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. The fair values of Entergy’s derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet as of  March 31, 2019  are shown in the table below.  Certain investments, including those not designated as hedging instruments, are subject to master netting agreements and are presented in the balance sheet on a net basis in accordance with accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging.   42 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Business         (In Millions)     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $6   ($6)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $3   ($3)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $45   ($9)   $36   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $16   ($3)   $13   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $9   ($6)   $3   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $2   ($2)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $1   $—   $1   Utility Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $6   ($1)   $5   Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $2   ($2)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $2   ($2)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps and options   Other current liabilities   $1   $—   $1   Utility 43 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of Entergy’s derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet as of  December 31, 2018  are shown in the table below.  Certain investments, including those not designated as hedging instruments, are subject to master netting agreements and are presented in the balance sheet on a net basis in accordance with accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging. Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Business         (In Millions)     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $32   ($32)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $7   ($7)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $54   ($33)   $21   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $20   ($7)   $13   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $4   ($2)   $2   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $1   $—   $1   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $2   $—   $2   Utility Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $16   ($1)   $15   Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $1   ($1)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps and options   Other current liabilities   $1   $—   $1   Utility (a) Represents the gross amounts of recognized assets/liabilities (b) Represents the netting of fair value balances with the same counterparty (c) Represents the net amounts of assets/liabilities presented on the Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries’ Consolidated Balance Sheet (d) Excludes cash collateral in the amount of  $1 million  held and  $19 million  posted as of March 31, 2019 and  $19 million  posted as of December 31, 2018.  Also excludes letters of credit in the amount of  $4 million  held and  $2 million  posted as of March 31, 2019 and  $4 million  posted as of December 31, 2018. 44 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements               The effects of Entergy’s derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the consolidated income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2019  and  2018  are as follows: Instrument   Amount of gain recognized in other comprehensive income   Income Statement location   Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income (a)   (In Millions)       (In Millions) 2019             Electricity swaps and options   $26   Competitive businesses operating revenues   $52               2018             Electricity swaps and options   $91   Competitive businesses operating revenues   ($30)      (a) Before taxes of  $11 million  and  ($6) million  for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively Prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-12, Entergy measured its hedges for ineffectiveness.  Any ineffectiveness was recognized in earnings during the period.  The ineffective portion of cash flow hedges was recorded in competitive businesses operating revenues.  The change in fair value of Entergy’s cash flow hedges due to ineffectiveness during the three months ended March 31, 2018 was  $13.3 million .  Based on market prices as of  March 31, 2019 , unrealized gains (losses) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on cash flow hedges relating to power sales totaled  ($53) million  of net unrealized losses.  Approximately  ($39) million  is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to operating revenues in the next twelve months.  The actual amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, however, could vary due to future changes in market prices.     Entergy may effectively liquidate a cash flow hedge instrument by entering into a contract offsetting the original hedge, and then de-designating the original hedge in this situation.  Gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income prior to de-designation continue to be deferred in other comprehensive income until they are included in income as the original hedged transaction occurs.  From the point of de-designation, the gains or losses on the original hedge and the offsetting contract are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and offset as they flow through to earnings.               45 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The effects of Entergy’s derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on the consolidated income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2019  and  2018  are as follows: Instrument Amount of gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income Income Statement location Amount of gain (loss) recorded in the income statement     (In Millions)       (In Millions) 2019           Natural gas swaps and options   $—   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale (a) ($1) Financial transmission rights $— Purchased power expense (b) $21 Electricity swaps and options   $— (c) Competitive business operating revenues   $5               2018             Natural gas swaps   $—   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale (a) $— Financial transmission rights   $—   Purchased power expense (b) $32 Electricity swaps and options   $— (c) Competitive business operating revenues   $1 (a) Due to regulatory treatment, the natural gas swaps and options are marked-to-market through fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as fuel expenses when the swaps and options are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (b) Due to regulatory treatment, the changes in the estimated fair value of financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are recorded through purchased power expense and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as purchased power expense when the financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (c) Amount of gain recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income from electricity swaps and options de-designated as hedged items. 46 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their balance sheets as of  March 31, 2019  are shown in the table below.  Certain investments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging. Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Registrant         (In Millions)     Assets:                     Natural gas swaps and options   Prepayments and other   $0.2   $—   $0.2   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $1.3   $—   $1.3   Entergy Louisiana                       Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $1.2   ($0.1)   $1.1   Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $2.8   $—   $2.8   Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $0.7   $—   $0.7   Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $0.5   $—   $0.5   Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $0.3   ($0.6)   ($0.3)   Entergy Texas                       Liabilities:                     Natural gas swaps and options   Other current liabilities   $0.3   $—   $0.3   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Other current liabilities   $0.8   $—   $0.8   Entergy Mississippi 47 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their balance sheets as of  December 31, 2018  are as follows: Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Registrant         (In Millions)     Assets:                     Natural gas swaps and options   Prepayments and other   $0.3   $—   $0.3   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets   $1.6   $—   $1.6   Entergy Louisiana                       Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $3.6   ($0.2)   $3.4   Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $8.4   ($0.1)   $8.3   Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $2.2   $—   $2.2   Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $1.3   $—   $1.3   Entergy New Orleans                       Liabilities:                     Financial transmission rights   Other current liabilities   $0.9   ($1.4)   ($0.5)   Entergy Texas                       Natural gas swaps and options   Other current liabilities   $1.1   $—   $1.1   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Other current liabilities   $0.1   $—   $0.1   Entergy New Orleans (a) Represents the gross amounts of recognized assets/liabilities (b) Represents the netting of fair value balances with the same counterparty (c) Represents the net amounts of assets/liabilities presented on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ balance sheets (d) As of March 31, 2019, letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.4 million  for Entergy Mississippi and  $1.5 million  for Entergy Texas.  As of December 31, 2018, letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.2 million  for Entergy Mississippi, and  $4.1 million  for Entergy Texas.               48 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The effects of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2019  and  2018  are as follows: Instrument Income Statement Location Amount of gain (loss) recorded in the income statement Registrant         (In Millions)     2019           Natural gas swaps and options   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   $0.8 (a) Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($1.8) (a) Entergy Mississippi Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   $0.2 (a) Entergy New Orleans               Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $8.4 (b) Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $8.8 (b) Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $1.1 (b) Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $1.9 (b) Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $0.3 (b) Entergy Texas               2018             Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($0.2) (a) Entergy Mississippi Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($0.1) (a) Entergy New Orleans               Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $8.0 (b) Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $17.6 (b) Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $7.8 (b) Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $3.3 (b) Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   ($3.5) (b) Entergy Texas (a) Due to regulatory treatment, the natural gas swaps and options are marked-to-market through fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as fuel expenses when the swaps and options are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (b) Due to regulatory treatment, the changes in the estimated fair value of financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are recorded through purchased power expense and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as purchased power expense when the financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. Fair Values The estimated fair values of Entergy’s financial instruments and derivatives are determined using historical prices, bid prices, market quotes, and financial modeling.  Considerable judgment is required in developing the estimates of fair value.  Therefore, estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that Entergy could realize in a current market exchange.  Gains or losses realized on financial instruments other than those instruments held by the Entergy  49 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Wholesale Commodities business are reflected in future rates and therefore do not affect net income.  Entergy considers the carrying amounts of most financial instruments classified as current assets and liabilities to be a reasonable estimate of their fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Accounting standards define fair value as an exit price, or the price that would be received to sell an asset or the amount that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between knowledgeable market participants at the date of measurement.  Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries use assumptions or market input data that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities at fair value.  The inputs can be readily observable, corroborated by market data, or generally unobservable.  Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries endeavor to use the best available information to determine fair value. Accounting standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy establishes the highest priority for unadjusted market quotes in an active market for the identical asset or liability and the lowest priority for unobservable inputs.   The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are: • Level 1 - Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.  Level 1 primarily consists of individually owned common stocks, cash equivalents (temporary cash investments, securitization recovery trust account, and escrow accounts), debt instruments, and gas swaps traded on exchanges with active markets.  Cash equivalents includes all unrestricted highly liquid debt instruments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase.  • Level 2 - Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are, either directly or indirectly, observable for the asset or liability at the measurement date.  Assets are valued based on prices derived by independent third parties that use inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, and issuer spreads.  Prices are reviewed and can be challenged with the independent parties and/or overridden by Entergy if it is believed such would be more reflective of fair value.  Level 2 inputs include the following: – quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; – quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets; – inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or – inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 2 consists primarily of individually-owned debt instruments and gas swaps and options valued using observable inputs. • Level 3 - Level 3 inputs are pricing inputs that are generally less observable or unobservable from objective sources.  These inputs are used with internally developed methodologies to produce management’s best estimate of fair value for the asset or liability.  Level 3 consists primarily of financial transmission rights and derivative power contracts used as cash flow hedges of power sales at merchant power plants. The values for power contract assets or liabilities are based on both observable inputs including public market prices and interest rates, and unobservable inputs such as implied volatilities, unit contingent discounts, expected basis differences, and credit adjusted counterparty interest rates.  They are classified as Level 3 assets and liabilities.  The valuations of these assets and liabilities are performed by the Business Unit Risk Control group and the Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group.  The primary functions of the Business Unit Risk Control group include: gathering, validating and reporting market data, providing market risk analyses and valuations  50 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements in support of Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ commercial transactions, developing and administering protocols for the management of market risks, and implementing and maintaining controls around changes to market data in the energy trading and risk management system.  The Business Unit Risk Control group is also responsible for managing the energy trading and risk management system, forecasting revenues, forward positions and analysis.  The Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group performs functions related to market and counterparty settlements, revenue reporting and analysis and financial accounting.  The Business Unit Risk Control group reports to the Vice President and Treasurer while the Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group reports to the Chief Accounting Officer. The amounts reflected as the fair value of electricity swaps are based on the estimated amount that the contracts are in-the-money at the balance sheet date (treated as an asset) or out-of-the-money at the balance sheet date (treated as a liability) and would equal the estimated amount receivable to or payable by Entergy if the contracts were settled at that date.  These derivative contracts include cash flow hedges that swap fixed for floating cash flows for sales of the output from the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business.  The fair values are based on the mark-to-market comparison between the fixed contract prices and the floating prices determined each period from quoted forward power market prices.  The differences between the fixed price in the swap contract and these market-related prices multiplied by the volume specified in the contract and discounted at the counterparties’ credit adjusted risk free rate are recorded as derivative contract assets or liabilities.  For contracts that have unit contingent terms, a further discount is applied based on the historical relationship between contract and market prices for similar contract terms. The amounts reflected as the fair values of electricity options are valued based on a Black Scholes model, and are calculated at the end of each month for accounting purposes.  Inputs to the valuation include end of day forward market prices for the period when the transactions will settle, implied volatilities based on market volatilities provided by a third party data aggregator, and U.S. Treasury rates for a risk-free return rate.  As described further below, prices and implied volatilities are reviewed and can be adjusted if it is determined that there is a better representation of fair value.   On a daily basis, the Business Unit Risk Control group calculates the mark-to-market for electricity swaps and options.  The Business Unit Risk Control group also validates forward market prices by comparing them to other sources of forward market prices or to settlement prices of actual market transactions.  Significant differences are analyzed and potentially adjusted based on these other sources of forward market prices or settlement prices of actual market transactions.  Implied volatilities used to value options are also validated using actual counterparty quotes for Entergy Wholesale Commodities transactions when available and compared with other sources of market implied volatilities.  Moreover, on at least a monthly basis, the Office of Corporate Risk Oversight confirms the mark-to-market calculations and prepares price scenarios and credit downgrade scenario analysis.  The scenario analysis is communicated to senior management within Entergy and within Entergy Wholesale Commodities.  Finally, for all proposed derivative transactions, an analysis is completed to assess the risk of adding the proposed derivative to Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ portfolio.  In particular, the credit and liquidity effects are calculated for this analysis.  This analysis is communicated to senior management within Entergy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities. The values of financial transmission rights are based on unobservable inputs, including estimates of congestion costs in MISO between applicable generation and load pricing nodes based on the 50th percentile of historical prices.  They are classified as Level 3 assets and liabilities.  The valuations of these assets and liabilities are performed by the Business Unit Risk Control group.  The values are calculated internally and verified against the data published by MISO.  Entergy’s Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting groups review these valuations for reasonableness, with the assistance of others within the organization with knowledge of the various inputs and assumptions used in the valuation.  The Business Unit Risk Control groups report to the Vice President and Treasurer.  The Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting groups report to the Chief Accounting Officer. 51 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following tables set forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, Entergy’s assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 .  The assessment of the significance of a particular input to a fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect its placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $865   $—   $—   $865 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   1,357   —   —   1,357 Debt securities   1,320   1,672   —   2,992 Common trusts (b)               2,529 Power contracts   —   —   3   3 Securitization recovery trust account   52   —   —   52 Escrow accounts   405   —   —   405 Gas hedge contracts   1   —   —   1 Financial transmission rights   —   —   5   5     $4,000   $1,672   $8   $8,209                   Liabilities:                 Power contracts   $—   $—   $49   $49 Gas hedge contracts   1   —   —   1     $1   $—   $49   $50 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $424   $—   $—   $424 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   1,686   —   —   1,686 Debt securities   1,259   1,625   —   2,884 Common trusts (b)               2,350 Power contracts   —   —   3   3 Securitization recovery trust account   51   —   —   51 Escrow accounts   403   —   —   403 Gas hedge contracts   —   2   —   2 Financial transmission rights   —   —   15   15     $3,823   $1,627   $18   $7,818 Liabilities:                 Power contracts   $—   $—   $34   $34 Gas hedge contracts   1   —   —   1     $1   $—   $34   $35 (a) The decommissioning trust funds hold equity and fixed income securities.  Equity securities are invested to approximate the returns of major market indices.  Fixed income securities are held in various governmental and corporate securities.  See Note 9 to the financial statements herein for additional information on the investment portfolios. 52 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements (b) Common trust funds are not publicly quoted, and are valued by the fund administrators using net asset value as a practical expedient.  Accordingly, these funds are not assigned a level in the fair value table.  The fund administrator of these investments allows daily trading at the net asset value and trades settle at a later date.                 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 :   2019   2018   Power Contracts   Financial transmission rights   Power Contracts   Financial transmission rights (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, ($31 )   $15   ($65 )   $21 Total gains (losses) for the period (a)               Included in earnings 5   —   14   (1 ) Included in other comprehensive income 26   —   91   — Included as a regulatory liability/asset —   11   —   20 Settlements (46 )   (21 )   35   (32 ) Balance as of March 31, ($46 )   $5   $75   $8 (a)  Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for derivatives held at the end of the reporting period is  ($4.9) million  for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and  $0.2 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2018.  The  following  table sets forth a description of the types of transactions classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and significant unobservable inputs to each which cause that classification as of  March 31, 2019 : Transaction Type   Fair Value as of March 31, 2019   Significant Unobservable Inputs   Range from Average %   Effect on Fair Value     (In Millions)             (In Millions) Power contracts - electricity swaps   ($46)   Unit contingent discount   +/- 4% - 4.75%   ($5) - ($6) The following table sets forth an analysis of each of the types of unobservable inputs impacting the fair value of items classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, and the sensitivity to changes to those inputs: Significant Unobservable Input   Transaction Type   Position   Change to Input   Effect on Fair Value Unit contingent discount   Electricity swaps   Sell   Increase (Decrease)   Decrease (Increase) The following table sets forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the Registrant Subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 .  The assessment of the significance of a particular input to a fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect its placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 53 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy Arkansas 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $189.5   $—   $—   $189.5 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   5.5   —   —   5.5 Debt securities   99.2   291.8   —   391.0 Common trusts (b)               600.8 Securitization recovery trust account   8.2   —   —   8.2 Financial transmission rights   —   —   1.1   1.1     $302.4   $291.8   $1.1   $1,196.1 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   $4.0   $—   $—   $4.0 Debt securities   94.8   286.5   —   381.3 Common trusts (b)               526.7 Securitization recovery trust account   4.7   —   —   4.7 Financial transmission rights   —   —   3.4   3.4     $103.5   $286.5   $3.4   $920.1 Entergy Louisiana 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $237.0   $—   $—   $237.0 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   10.4   —   —   10.4 Debt securities   184.6   371.1   —   555.7 Common trusts (b)               841.9 Escrow accounts   291.2   —   —   291.2 Securitization recovery trust account   9.0   —   —   9.0 Gas hedge contracts   1.5   —   —   1.5 Financial transmission rights   —   —   2.8   2.8     $733.7   $371.1   $2.8   $1,949.5                   Liabilities:                 Gas hedge contracts   $0.3   $—   $—   $0.3 54 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $43.1   $—   $—   $43.1 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   13.3   —   —   13.3 Debt securities   162.0   370.9   —   532.9 Common trusts (b)               738.8 Escrow accounts   289.5   —   —   289.5 Securitization recovery trust account   3.6   —   —   3.6 Gas hedge contracts   —   1.9   —   1.9 Financial transmission rights   —   —   8.3   8.3     $511.5   $372.8   $8.3   $1,631.4                   Liabilities:                 Gas hedge contracts   $0.7   $0.4   $—   $1.1 Entergy Mississippi 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Escrow accounts   $32.6   $—   $—   $32.6 Financial transmission rights   —   —   0.7   0.7     $32.6   $—   $0.7   $33.3                   Liabilities:                 Gas hedge contracts   $0.8   $—   $—   $0.8 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $36.9   $—   $—   $36.9 Escrow accounts   32.4   —   —   32.4 Financial transmission rights   —   —   2.2   2.2     $69.3   $—   $2.2   $71.5 Entergy New Orleans 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Securitization recovery trust account   $5.1   $—   $—   $5.1 Escrow accounts   81.3   —   —   81.3 Financial transmission rights   —   —   0.5   0.5     $86.4   $—   $0.5   $86.9 55 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $19.7   $—   $—   $19.7 Securitization recovery trust account   2.2   —   —   2.2 Escrow accounts   80.9   —   —   80.9 Financial transmission rights   —   —   1.3   1.3     $102.8   $—   $1.3   $104.1                   Liabilities:                 Gas hedge contracts   $0.1   $—   $—   $0.1 Entergy Texas 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets :                 Temporary cash investments   $22.2   $—   $—   $22.2 Securitization recovery trust account   29.5   —   —   29.5     $51.7   $—   $—   $51.7                   Liabilities:                 Financial transmission rights   $—   $—   $0.3   $0.3 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets :                 Securitization recovery trust account   $40.2   $—   $—   $40.2                   Liabilities:                 Financial transmission rights   $—   $—   $0.5   $0.5 System Energy 2019   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $158.2   $—   $—   $158.2 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   4.7   —   —   4.7 Debt securities   226.8   148.4   —   375.2 Common trusts (b)               571.4     $389.7   $148.4   $—   $1,109.5 56 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2018   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $95.6   $—   $—   $95.6 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   4.4   —   —   4.4 Debt securities   224.5   139.7   —   364.2 Common trusts (b)               500.9     $324.5   $139.7   $—   $965.1 (a) The decommissioning trust funds hold equity and fixed income securities.  Equity securities are invested to approximate the returns of major market indices.  Fixed income securities are held in various governmental and corporate securities.  See Note 9 to the financial statements herein for additional information on the investment portfolios. (b) Common trust funds are not publicly quoted, and are valued by the fund administrators using net asset value as a practical expedient.  Accordingly, these funds are not assigned a level in the fair value table.  The fund administrator of these investments allows daily trading at the net asset value and trades settle at a later date.                                         The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended March 31, 2019 .   Entergy  Arkansas   Entergy  Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy  New  Orleans   Entergy  Texas   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $3.4   $8.3   $2.2   $1.3   ($0.5 ) Gains (losses) included as a regulatory liability/asset 6.1   3.3   (0.4 )   1.1   0.5 Settlements (8.4 )   (8.8 )   (1.1 )   (1.9 )   (0.3 ) Balance as of March 31, $1.1   $2.8   $0.7   $0.5   ($0.3 ) The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended March 31, 2018 .   Entergy  Arkansas   Entergy  Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy  New  Orleans   Entergy  Texas   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $3.0   $10.2   $2.1   $2.2   $3.4 Gains (losses) included as a regulatory liability/asset 6.8   10.8   6.6   1.8   (5.5 ) Settlements (8.0 )   (17.6 )   (7.8 )   (3.3 )   3.5 Balance as of March 31, $1.8   $3.4   $0.9   $0.7   $1.4 57 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 9.  DECOMMISSIONING TRUST FUNDS (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) The NRC requires Entergy subsidiaries to maintain nuclear decommissioning trusts to fund the costs of decommissioning ANO 1, ANO 2, River Bend, Waterford 3, Grand Gulf, Pilgrim, Indian Point 1, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, and Palisades.  Entergy’s nuclear decommissioning trust funds invest in equity securities, fixed-rate debt securities, and cash and cash equivalents. As discussed in Note 16 to the financial statements herein and Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, in January 2019, Entergy completed the transfer of the Vermont Yankee plant to NorthStar.  As part of the transaction, Entergy transferred the Vermont Yankee decommissioning trust fund to NorthStar.  As of December 31, 2018, the value of the decommissioning trust fund was  $532 million . Entergy records decommissioning trust funds on the balance sheet at their fair value.  Because of the ability of the Registrant Subsidiaries to recover decommissioning costs in rates and in accordance with the regulatory treatment for decommissioning trust funds, the Registrant Subsidiaries have recorded an offsetting amount of unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities in other regulatory liabilities/assets.  For the  30%  interest in River Bend formerly owned by Cajun, Entergy Louisiana records an offsetting amount in other deferred credits for the unrealized trust earnings not currently expected to be needed to decommission the plant.  Decommissioning trust funds for Pilgrim, Indian Point 1, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, and Palisades do not meet the criteria for regulatory accounting treatment.  Accordingly, unrealized gains/(losses) recorded on the equity securities in the trust funds are recognized in earnings.  Unrealized gains recorded on the available-for-sale debt securities in the trust funds are recognized in the accumulated other comprehensive income component of shareholders’ equity.  Unrealized losses (where cost exceeds fair market value) on the available-for-sale debt securities in the trust funds are also recorded in the accumulated other comprehensive income component of shareholders’ equity unless the unrealized loss is other than temporary and therefore recorded in earnings.  A portion of Entergy’s decommissioning trust funds are held in a wholly-owned registered investment company, and unrealized gains and losses on both the equity and debt securities held in the registered investment company are recognized in earnings.  Generally, Entergy records gains and losses on its debt and equity securities using the specific identification method to determine the cost basis of its securities.  The unrealized gains/(losses) recognized during the  three  months ended  March 31, 2019  on equity securities still held as of  March 31, 2019  were  $340 million .  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate or somewhat exceed the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index or the Russell 3000 Index.  The debt securities are generally held in individual government and credit issuances. The available-for-sale securities held as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2019             Debt Securities (a)   $2,562   $51   $9               2018             Debt Securities (a)   $2,495   $19   $35 (a) Debt securities presented herein do not include the  $430 million  and  $389 million  of debt securities held in the wholly-owned registered investment company as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018 , respectively, which are not accounted for as available-for-sale.  58 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The unrealized gains/(losses) above are reported before deferred taxes of  $7 million  as of  March 31, 2019  and  ($1) million  as of December 31, 2018 for debt securities.  The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities was  $2,520 million  as of  March 31, 2019  and  $2,511 million  as of  December 31, 2018 .  As of  March 31, 2019 , available-for-sale debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  3.28% , an average duration of approximately  5.42  years, and an average maturity of approximately  9.13  years.  The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2019 :     Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) Less than 12 months   $197   $1 More than 12 months   588   8 Total   $785   $9 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2018 :   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $652   $9 More than 12 months 782   26 Total $1,434   $35 The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are as follows:   2019   2018   (In Millions) Less than 1 year $185   $199 1 year - 5 years 1,100   1,066 5 years - 10 years 609   544 10 years - 15 years 67   77 15 years - 20 years 95   78 20 years+ 506   531 Total $2,562   $2,495 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , proceeds from the dispositions of available-for-sale securities amounted to  $365 million  and  $1,091 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , gross gains of  $2 million  and  $1 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $2 million  and  $7 million , respectively, related to available-for-sale securities were reclassified out of other comprehensive income or other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings.  The fair values of the decommissioning trust funds related to the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants as of  March 31, 2019  are  $510 million  for Indian Point 1,  $645 million  for Indian Point 2,  $845 million  for Indian Point 3,  $481 million  for Palisades, and  $1,040 million  for Pilgrim.  The fair values of the decommissioning trust funds related to the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants as of December 31, 2018 are  $471 million   59 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements for Indian Point 1,  $598 million  for Indian Point 2,  $781 million  for Indian Point 3,  $444 million  for Palisades,  $1,028 million  for Pilgrim, and  $532 million  for Vermont Yankee.  The fair values of the decommissioning trust funds for the Registrant Subsidiaries’ nuclear plants are detailed below. Entergy Arkansas Entergy Arkansas holds equity securities and available-for-sale debt securities in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The available-for-sale securities held as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2019             Debt Securities   $391.0   $2.9   $2.3               2018             Debt Securities   $381.3   $0.6   $8.2 The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities was  $390.4 million  as of  March 31, 2019  and  $389 million  as of  December 31, 2018 .  As of  March 31, 2019 , available-for-sale debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  2.85% , an average duration of approximately  4.81  years, and an average maturity of approximately  7.34  years. The unrealized gains/(losses) recognized during the  three  months ended  March 31, 2019  on equity securities still held as of  March 31, 2019  were  $70.7 million .  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2019 :     Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) Less than 12 months   $3.6   $— More than 12 months   182.7   2.3 Total   $186.3   $2.3 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2018 :   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $65.8   $0.5 More than 12 months 231.1   7.7 Total $296.9   $8.2 60 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are as follows:   2019   2018   (In Millions) Less than 1 year $35.6   $32.5 1 year - 5 years 163.7   170.3 5 years - 10 years 123.7   114.0 10 years - 15 years 10.2   10.3 15 years - 20 years 9.4   8.1 20 years+ 48.4   46.1 Total $391.0   $381.3 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , proceeds from the dispositions of available-for-sale securities amounted to  $10.9 million  and  $34.9 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , gross gains of  $0.02 million  and  $0.1 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.1 million  and  $0.1 million , respectively, related to available-for-sale securities were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings. Entergy Louisiana Entergy Louisiana holds equity securities and available-for-sale debt securities in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The available-for-sale securities held as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2019             Debt Securities   $555.7   $17.1   $1.4               2018             Debt Securities   $532.9   $4.1   $6.0 The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities was  $539.9 million  as of  March 31, 2019  and  $534.8 million  as of  December 31, 2018 .  As of  March 31, 2019 , the available-for-sale debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  3.92% , an average duration of approximately  6.62  years, and an average maturity of approximately  13.26  years. The unrealized gains/(losses) recognized during the  three  months ended  March 31, 2019  on equity securities still held as of  March 31, 2019  were  $98.5 million .  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. 61 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2019 :     Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) Less than 12 months   $26.5   $0.2 More than 12 months   87.4   1.2 Total   $113.9   $1.4 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2018 :   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $170.1   $2.1 More than 12 months 145.8   3.9 Total $315.9   $6.0 The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are as follows:   2019   2018   (In Millions) Less than 1 year $42.4   $31.1 1 year - 5 years 119.3   130.5 5 years - 10 years 135.7   111.0 10 years - 15 years 26.8   29.0 15 years - 20 years 44.5   37.1 20 years+ 187.0   194.2 Total $555.7   $532.9 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , proceeds from the dispositions of available-for-sale securities amounted to  $56.2 million  and  $125.5 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , gross gains of  $0.3 million  and  $0.5 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.2 million  and  $0.8 million , respectively, related to available-for-sale securities were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings.  62 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements System Energy System Energy holds equity securities and available-for-sale debt securities in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The available-for-sale securities held as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2019             Debt Securities   $375.2   $6.9   $1.2               2018             Debt Securities   $364.2   $2.9   $5.8 The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities was  $369.5 million  as of  March 31, 2019  and  $367.1 million  as of  December 31, 2018 .  As of  March 31, 2019 , available-for-sale debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  3.08% , an average duration of approximately  6.34  years, and an average maturity of approximately  9.06  years. The unrealized gains/(losses) recognized during the  three  months ended  March 31, 2019  on equity securities still held as of  March 31, 2019  were  $67.3 million .  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2019 :     Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months   $44.2   $— More than 12 months   77.4   1.2 Total   $121.6   $1.2 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2018 :   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $89.7   $2.4 More than 12 months 79.8   3.4 Total $169.5   $5.8 63 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2019  and  December 31, 2018  are as follows:   2019   2018   (In Millions) Less than 1 year $14.5   $22.8 1 year - 5 years 195.0   188.0 5 years - 10 years 80.1   73.4 10 years - 15 years 4.1   5.2 15 years - 20 years 10.2   10.2 20 years+ 71.3   64.6 Total $375.2   $364.2 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , proceeds from the dispositions of available-for-sale securities amounted to  $42.1 million  and  $54.2 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018 , gross gains of  $0.4 million  and  $0.1 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.1 million  and  $0.6 million , respectively, related to available-for-sale securities were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings.  Other-than-temporary impairments and unrealized gains and losses Entergy evaluates the available-for-sale debt securities in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ nuclear decommissioning trust funds with unrealized losses at the end of each period to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred.  The assessment of whether an investment in a debt security has suffered an other-than-temporary impairment is based on whether Entergy has the intent to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized costs.  Further, if Entergy does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security, an other-than-temporary impairment is considered to have occurred and it is measured by the present value of cash flows expected to be collected less the amortized cost basis (credit loss).  Entergy did not have any material other-than-temporary impairments relating to credit losses on debt securities for the  three  months ended  March 31, 2019  and  2018 .  Entergy’s trusts are managed by third parties who operate in accordance with agreements that define investment guidelines and place restrictions on the purchases and sales of investments.  NOTE 10.  INCOME TAXES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See “ Income Tax Audits ” and “ Other Tax Matters ” in Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of income tax audits, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and other income tax matters involving Entergy.  The following are updates to that discussion.   Tax Cuts and Jobs Act During the three months ended March 31, 2019, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and Entergy Texas returned unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, associated with the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, to their customers through rate riders and other means approved by their respective regulatory commissions.  Return of the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes results in a reduction in the regulatory liability for income taxes and a corresponding reduction in income tax expense.  This has a significant effect on the effective tax rate for the period as compared to the statutory tax rate.  For the three months ended March 31, 2019 the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes reduced the Registrant Subsidiaries’ regulatory liability for income taxes as follows:  Entergy Arkansas,  $32 million ; Entergy Louisiana,  $7 million ; and Entergy Texas,  $22 million .  64 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Other Tax Matters      In April 2019 the state of Arkansas enacted corporate income tax law changes that phase in an Arkansas tax rate reduction from  6.5%  to  5.9%  by the year 2022.  The rate reduction will eventually reduce Entergy Arkansas’s combined federal and state applicable tax rate by  0.4%  once fully adopted.  The Arkansas tax law enactment also phases in an increase to the net operating loss carryover period from five to ten years.  The adoption of these tax law changes throughout the phase-in period is not expected to have a significant effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of Entergy Arkansas, the Utility, or Entergy. Vermont Yankee The Vermont Yankee transaction resulted in Entergy generating a net deferred tax asset in January 2019.  The deferred tax asset could not be fully realized by Entergy in the first quarter of 2019; accordingly, Entergy accrued a net tax expense of  $29 million  on the disposition of Vermont Yankee.  See Note 16 to the financial statements herein for discussion of the Vermont Yankee transaction. NOTE 11.  PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Construction Expenditures in Accounts Payable Construction expenditures included in accounts payable at  March 31, 2019  are  $324 million  for Entergy,  $29.9 million  for Entergy Arkansas,  $118 million  for Entergy Louisiana,  $13.8 million  for Entergy Mississippi,  $8.2 million  for Entergy New Orleans,  $72.3 million  for Entergy Texas, and  $20.2 million  for System Energy.  Construction expenditures included in accounts payable at  December 31, 2018  are  $311 million  for Entergy,  $35.7 million  for Entergy Arkansas,  $104.6 million  for Entergy Louisiana,  $13.6 million  for Entergy Mississippi,  $5.8 million  for Entergy New Orleans,  $55.6 million  for Entergy Texas, and  $26.3 million  for System Energy. NOTE 12.  VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See Note 17 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of variable interest entities.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for details of the nuclear fuel companies’ credit facilities and commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt. System Energy is considered to hold a variable interest in the lessor from which it leases an undivided interest representing approximately  11.5%  of the Grand Gulf nuclear plant.  System Energy is the lessee under this arrangement, which is described in more detail in Note 10 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  System Energy made payments on its lease, including interest, of  $8.6 million  in the three months ended  March 31, 2019  and in the three months ended  March 31, 2018 .  65 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 13.  REVENUE RECOGNITION (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See Note 19 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of revenue recognition.  Entergy’s total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:     2019   2018     (In Thousands) Utility:         Residential   $802,539   $892,085 Commercial   554,058   595,720 Industrial   601,000   597,186 Governmental   52,960   56,478     Total billed retail   2,010,557   2,141,469           Sales for resale (a)   84,435   69,526 Other electric revenues (b)   15,470   27,433 Non-customer revenues (c)   10,562   9,834     Total electric revenues   2,121,024   2,248,262           Natural gas   54,948   56,695           Entergy Wholesale Commodities:         Competitive businesses sales (a)   360,471   409,135 Non-customer revenues (c)   73,141   9,789     Total competitive businesses   433,612   418,924               Total operating revenues   $2,609,584   $2,723,881 66 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The Registrant Subsidiaries’ total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2019 were as follows: 2019   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas     (In Thousands)                       Residential   $209,867   $264,065   $128,809   $52,076   $147,722 Commercial   124,578   206,779   97,914   45,741   79,046 Industrial   121,577   346,678   37,697   7,250   87,798 Governmental   4,899   16,891   10,036   15,901   5,233     Total billed retail   460,921 834,413 274,456 120,968 319,799                       Sales for resale (a)   79,584   83,955   4,814   10,224   16,775 Other electric revenues (b)   2,304   12,441   405   (1,706 )   3,496 Non-customer revenues (c)   3,003   5,884   2,569   1,397   404     Total electric revenues   545,812 936,693 282,244 130,883 340,474                       Natural gas   —   22,637   —   32,311   —                           Total operating revenues   $545,812 $959,330 $282,244 $163,194 $340,474 The Registrant Subsidiaries’ total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2018 were as follows: 2018   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas     (In Thousands)                       Residential   $235,524   $295,517   $148,342   $64,575   $148,126 Commercial   120,634   224,928   110,460   54,272   85,427 Industrial   111,477   352,336   42,501   7,570   83,302 Governmental   4,648   17,310   10,848   17,691   5,981     Total billed retail   472,283   890,091   312,151   144,108   322,836                       Sales for resale (a)   66,103   89,255   1,993   13,337   23,361 Other electric revenues (b)   10,024   20,503   (719 )   (3,111 )   2,264 Non-customer revenues (c)   2,614   5,257   2,318   1,484   479     Total electric revenues   551,024   1,005,106   315,743   155,818   348,940                       Natural gas   —   24,238   —   32,457   —                           Total operating revenues   $551,024   $1,029,344   $315,743   $188,275   $348,940 (a) Sales for resale and competitive businesses sales include day-ahead sales of energy in a market administered by an ISO.  These sales represent financially binding commitments for the sale of physical energy the next day.  These sales are adjusted to actual power generated and delivered in the real time market.  Given the short  67 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements duration of these transactions, Entergy does not consider them to be derivatives subject to fair value adjustments, and includes them as part of customer revenues. (b) Other electric revenues consist primarily of transmission and ancillary services provided to participants of an ISO-administered market and unbilled revenue.  (c) Non-customer revenues include the settlement of financial hedges, occasional sales of inventory, alternative revenue programs, provisions for revenue subject to refund, and late fees. NOTE 14. ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See Note 9 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of asset retirement obligations.  The following is an update to that discussion.  In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Arkansas recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for ANO 1 and ANO 2 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study.  The revised estimates resulted in a  $126.2 million  increase in its decommissioning cost liabilities, along with corresponding increases in the related asset retirement cost assets that will be depreciated over the remaining lives of the units.   NOTE 15.  LEASES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy implemented ASU 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842),” effective January 1, 2019.  The ASU’s core principle is that “a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases.” The ASU considers that “all leases create an asset and a liability,” and accordingly requires recording the assets and liabilities related to all leases with a term greater than 12 months.  Concurrent with the implementation of ASU 2016-02, Entergy implemented ASU 2018-01, “Leases (Topic 842): Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842,” which provided Entergy the option to elect not to evaluate existing land easements that are not currently accounted for under the previous lease standard, and ASU 2018-11, “Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements,” which intended to simplify the transition requirement giving Entergy the option to apply the transition provisions of the new standard at the date of adoption instead of at the earliest comparative period.  In implementing these ASUs, Entergy elected the options provided in both ASU 2018-01 and ASU 2018-11.  This accounting was applied to all lease agreements using the modified retrospective method, which required an adjustment to retained earnings for the cumulative effect of adopting the standard as of the effective date, and when implemented with ASU 2018-11, allowed Entergy to recognize the leased assets and liabilities on its balance sheet beginning on January 1, 2019 without restating prior periods.  In adopting the standard, in January 2019 Entergy recognized right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities totaling approximately  $263 million , including  $59 million  for Entergy Arkansas,  $51 million  for Entergy Louisiana,  $26 million  for Entergy Mississippi,  $7 million  for Entergy New Orleans, and  $16 million  for Entergy Texas.  Implementation of the standards had no material effect on consolidated net income; therefore, no adjustment to retained earnings was recorded.  The adoption of the standards had no effect on cash flows. General As of March 31, 2019, Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries held operating and financing leases for fleet vehicles used in operations, real estate, fuel storage facilities, and power purchase agreements.  Excluded from this are power purchase agreements not meeting the definition of a lease, nuclear fuel leases, and the Grand Gulf sale-leaseback which were determined not to be leases.  Leases have remaining terms of one year to 30 years.  Real estate leases generally include at least one five-year renewal option; however, renewal is not typically considered certain unless Entergy or a Registrant Subsidiary makes significant leasehold improvements or other modifications which would hinder its ability to easily move.  In  68 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements certain of the lease agreements for fleet vehicles used in operations, Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries provide residual value guarantees to the lessor; however, due to the nature of the agreements and Entergy’s continuing relationship with the lessor, Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries expect to renegotiate or refinance the leases prior to conclusion of the lease.  As such, Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries do not believe it is probable that they will be required to pay anything pertaining to the residual value guarantee, and the lease liabilities and right-of-use assets are measured accordingly.   Entergy incurred the following total lease costs for the three months ended March 31, 2019:     (In Thousands) Operating lease cost   $15,720 Financing lease cost:     Amortization of right-of-use assets   $2,912 Interest on lease liabilities   $753 The lease costs disclosed above materially approximate the cash flows used by Entergy for leases with all costs included within operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, except for the financing lease costs which are included in financing activities. The Registrant Subsidiaries incurred the following lease costs for the three months ended March 31, 2019:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy  New Orleans   Entergy Texas   (In Thousands) Operating lease cost $3,295   $3,026   $1,753   $357   $1,085 Financing lease cost:                   Amortization of right-of-use assets $629   $1,025   $348   $176   $306 Interest on lease liabilities $105   $152   $59   $30   $46 The lease costs disclosed above materially approximate the cash flows used by the Registrant Subsidiaries for leases with all costs included within operating activities on the respective Statements of Cash Flows, except for the financing lease costs which are included in financing activities.                         Entergy has elected to account for short-term leases in accordance with policy options provided by accounting guidance; therefore, there are no related lease liabilities or right-of-use assets for the costs recognized above by Entergy or by its Registrant Subsidiaries in the table below.  Included within Property, Plant, and Equipment on Entergy’s consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2019 are  $241 million  related to operating leases and  $60 million  related to financing leases.   Included within Utility Plant on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ respective balance sheets at March 31, 2019 are the following amounts:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   (In Thousands) Operating leases $52,916   $36,066   $18,926   $4,961   $9,991 Financing leases $11,317   $16,978   $6,358   $2,974   $5,076 69 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following lease-related liabilities are recorded within the respective Other lines on Entergy’s consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019:     (In Thousands) Current liabilities:     Operating leases   $53,121 Financing leases   $11,590 Non-current liabilities:     Operating leases   $173,456 Financing leases   $53,065 The following lease-related liabilities are recorded within the respective Other lines on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ respective balance sheets at March 31, 2019:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   (In Thousands) Current liabilities:                   Operating leases $11,321   $10,958   $6,461   $1,748   $3,071 Financing leases $2,465   $4,052   $1,382   $678   $1,281 Non-current liabilities:                   Operating leases $41,597   $25,144   $12,565   $3,218   $7,007 Financing leases $8,851   $13,039   $4,975   $2,296   $3,708 The following information contains the weighted average remaining lease term in years and the weighted average discount rate for the operating and financing leases of Entergy at March 31, 2019: Weighted average remaining lease terms:     Operating leases   5.51 Financing leases   7.06 Weighted average discount rate:     Operating leases   3.75 % Financing leases   4.64 % 70 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following information contains the weighted average remaining lease term in years and the weighted average discount rate for the operating and financing leases of the Registrant Subsidiaries at March 31, 2019:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas     Weighted average remaining lease terms:                   Operating leases 6.38   4.32   5.09   5.64   4.15 Financing leases 5.64   5.29   5.39   5.81   5.09 Weighted average discount rate:                   Operating leases 3.29 %   3.54 %   3.67 %   3.55 %   3.80 % Financing leases 3.71 %   3.56 %   3.70 %   3.97 %   3.72 % Maturity of the lease liabilities for Entergy as of March 31, 2019 are as follows: Year   Operating Leases   Financing Leases     (In Thousands)           Remainder for 2019   $44,143   $10,375 2020   52,905   12,489 2021   43,482   10,941 2022   34,768   9,743 2023   27,974   8,680 Years thereafter   45,259   26,744 Minimum lease payments   248,531   78,972 Less: amount representing interest   21,954   14,318 Present value of net minimum lease payments   $226,577   $64,654 71 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Maturity of the lease liabilities for the Registrant Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2019 are as follows: Operating Leases Year   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas     (In Thousands)                       Remainder of 2019   $9,285   $8,316   $5,231   $1,036   $2,631 2020   11,085   9,795   5,845   1,216   2,961 2021   9,137   8,009   3,886   945   2,186 2022   6,763   5,137   2,505   622   1,196 2023   5,600   3,262   1,228   460   839 Years thereafter   15,713   3,346   2,313   999   1,104 Minimum lease payments   57,583   37,865   21,008   5,278   10,917 Less: amount representing interest   4,664   1,764   1,982   312   839 Present value of net minimum lease payments   $52,919   $36,101   $19,026   $4,966   $10,078 Financing Leases Year   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas     (In Thousands)                       Remainder of 2019   $2,071   $3,302   $1,159   $592   $1,010 2020   2,464   3,843   1,431   616   1,165 2021   2,067   3,189   1,266   505   973 2022   1,778   2,749   1,073   454   766 2023   1,551   2,301   867   407   633 Years thereafter   2,476   5,414   1,154   748   796 Minimum lease payments   12,407   20,798   6,950   3,322   5,343 Less: amount representing interest   1,091   3,707   592   349   354 Present value of net minimum lease payments   $11,316   $17,091   $6,358   $2,973   $4,989 In allocating consideration in lease contracts to the lease and non-lease components, Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries have made the accounting policy election to combine lease and non-lease components related to fleet vehicles used in operations, fuel storage agreements, and purchased power agreements and to allocate the contract consideration to both lease and non-lease components for real estate leases. In accordance with ASU 2018-11, below is the lease disclosure from Note 10 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.   72 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements General As of  December 31, 2018 , Entergy had capital leases and non-cancelable operating leases for equipment, buildings, vehicles, and fuel storage facilities with minimum lease payments as follows (excluding power purchase agreement operating leases, nuclear fuel leases, and the Grand Gulf sale and leaseback transaction, all of which are discussed elsewhere):   Year   Operating Leases   Capital Leases     (In Thousands) 2019   $94,043   $2,887 2020   82,191   2,887 2021   75,147   2,887 2022   60,808   2,887 2023   47,391   2,887 Years thereafter   88,004   16,117 Minimum lease payments   447,584   30,552 Less:  Amount representing interest   —   8,555 Present value of net minimum lease payments   $447,584   $21,997 Total rental expenses for all leases (excluding power purchase agreement operating leases, nuclear fuel leases, and the Grand Gulf and Waterford 3 sale and leaseback transactions) amounted to  $47.8 million  in  2018 ,  $53.1 million  in  2017 , and  $44.4 million  in  2016 .  As of  December 31, 2018  the Registrant Subsidiaries had non-cancelable operating leases for equipment, buildings, vehicles, and fuel storage facilities with minimum lease payments as follows (excluding power purchase agreement operating leases, nuclear fuel leases, and the Grand Gulf lease obligation, all of which are discussed elsewhere): Operating Leases     Year     Entergy Arkansas     Entergy Louisiana     Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans     Entergy Texas     (In Thousands) 2019   $20,421   $25,970   $9,344   $2,493   $5,744 2020   13,918   21,681   8,763   2,349   4,431 2021   11,931   19,514   7,186   1,901   3,625 2022   9,458   15,756   5,675   1,314   2,218 2023   7,782   12,092   2,946   1,043   1,561 Years thereafter   23,297   22,003   4,417   2,323   2,726 Minimum lease payments   $86,807   $117,016   $38,331   $11,423   $20,305 73 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Rental Expenses     Year     Entergy Arkansas     Entergy Louisiana     Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans     Entergy Texas     System Energy     (In Millions) 2018   $6.2   $20.2   $4.6   $2.5   $3.1   $1.9 2017   $7.5   $23.0   $5.6   $2.5   $3.4   $2.2 2016   $8.0   $17.8   $4.0   $0.9   $2.8   $1.6 In addition to the above rental expense, railcar operating lease payments and oil tank facilities lease payments are recorded in fuel expense in accordance with regulatory treatment.  Railcar operating lease payments were  $2.8 million  in  2018 ,  $4 million  in  2017 , and  $3.4 million  in  2016  for Entergy Arkansas and  $0.4 million  in  2018 ,  $0.3 million  in  2017 , and  $0.3 million  in  2016  for Entergy Louisiana.  Oil tank facilities lease payments for Entergy Mississippi were  $0.1 million  in  2018 ,  $1.6 million  in  2017 , and  $1.6 million  in  2016 .  On January 1, 2019, Entergy implemented ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)” along with the practical expedients provided by ASU No. 2018-01, “Leases (Topic 842): Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842,” and ASU No. 2018-11, “Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements.”  See Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of ASU No. 2016-02.   Power Purchase Agreements As of  December 31, 2018 , Entergy Texas had a power purchase agreement that is accounted for as an operating lease under the accounting standards.  The lease payments are recovered in fuel expense in accordance with regulatory treatment.  The minimum lease payments under the power purchase agreement are as follows: Year   Entergy Texas (a)   Entergy      (In Thousands) 2019   $31,159   $31,159 2020   31,876   31,876 2021   32,609   32,609 2022   10,180   10,180 Minimum lease payments   $105,824   $105,824 (a) Amounts reflect  100%  of minimum payments.  Under a separate contract, which expires May 31, 2022, Entergy Louisiana purchases  50%  of the capacity and energy from the power purchase agreement from Entergy Texas. Total capacity expense under the power purchase agreement accounted for as an operating lease at Entergy Texas was  $30.5 million  in 2018,  $34.1 million  in 2017, and  $26.1 million  in 2016.  Sales and Leaseback Transactions Waterford 3 Lease Obligation In 1989, in three separate but substantially identical transactions, Entergy Louisiana sold and leased back undivided interests in Waterford 3 for the aggregate sum of  $353.6 million .  The leases were scheduled to expire in July 2017.  Entergy Louisiana was required to report the sale-leaseback as a financing transaction in its financial statements. 74 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements In December 2015, Entergy Louisiana agreed to purchase the undivided interests in Waterford 3 that were previously being leased.  The purchase was accomplished in a two-step transaction in which Entergy Louisiana first acquired the equity participant’s beneficial interest in the leased assets, followed by a termination of the leases and transfer of the leased assets to Entergy Louisiana when the outstanding lessor debt is paid. In March 2016, Entergy Louisiana completed the first step in the two-step transaction by acquiring the equity participant’s beneficial interest in the leased assets.  Entergy Louisiana paid  $60 million  in cash and  $52 million  through the issuance of a non-interest bearing collateral trust mortgage note, payable in installments through July 2017.  Entergy Louisiana continued to make payments on the lessor debt that remained outstanding and which matured in January 2017.  The combination of payments on the  $52 million  collateral trust mortgage note issued and the debt service on the lessor debt was equal in timing and amount to the remaining lease payments due from the closing of the transaction through the end of the lease term in July 2017. Throughout the term of the lease, Entergy Louisiana had accrued a liability for the amount it expected to pay to retain the use of the undivided interests in Waterford 3 at the end of the lease term.  Since the sale-leaseback transaction was accounted for as a financing transaction, the accrual of this liability was accounted for as additional interest expense.  As of December 2015, the balance of this liability was  $62.7 million .  Upon entering into the agreement to purchase the equity participant’s beneficial interest in the undivided interests, Entergy Louisiana reduced the balance of the liability to  $60 million , and recorded the  $2.7 million  difference as a credit to interest expense.  The  $60 million  remaining liability was eliminated upon payment of the cash portion of the purchase price in 2016. As of December 31, 2016, Entergy Louisiana, in connection with the Waterford 3 lease obligation, had a future minimum lease payment (reflecting an interest rate of  8.09% ) of  $57.5 million , including  $2.3 million  in interest, due January 2017 that was recorded as long-term debt. In February 2017 the leases were terminated and the leased assets were conveyed to Entergy Louisiana. Grand Gulf Lease Obligations In 1988, in two separate but substantially identical transactions, System Energy sold and leased back undivided ownership interests in Grand Gulf for the aggregate sum of  $500 million .  The initial term of the leases expired in July 2015.  System Energy renewed the leases in December 2013 for fair market value with renewal terms expiring in July 2036.  At the end of the new lease renewal terms, System Energy has the option to repurchase the leased interests in Grand Gulf or renew the leases at fair market value.  In the event that System Energy does not renew or purchase the interests, System Energy would surrender such interests and their associated entitlement of Grand Gulf’s capacity and energy. System Energy is required to report the sale-leaseback as a financing transaction in its financial statements.  For financial reporting purposes, System Energy expenses the interest portion of the lease obligation and the plant depreciation.  However, operating revenues include the recovery of the lease payments because the transactions are accounted for as a sale and leaseback for ratemaking purposes.  Consistent with a recommendation contained in a FERC audit report, System Energy initially recorded as a net regulatory asset the difference between the recovery of the lease payments and the amounts expensed for interest and depreciation and continues to record this difference as a regulatory asset or liability on an ongoing basis, resulting in a  zero  net balance for the regulatory asset at the end of the lease term.  The amount was a net regulatory liability of  $55.6 million  as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. 75 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements As of December 31, 2018, System Energy, in connection with the Grand Gulf sale and leaseback transactions, had future minimum lease payments that are recorded as long-term debt, as follows, which reflects the effect of the December 2013 renewal:   Amount   (In Thousands)     2019 $17,188 2020 17,188 2021 17,188 2022 17,188 2023 17,188 Years thereafter 223,437 Total 309,377 Less: Amount representing interest 275,025 Present value of net minimum lease payments $34,352 NOTE 16.  DISPOSITIONS (Entergy Corporation) Vermont Yankee As discussed in Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, in January 2019, Entergy transferred  100%  of the membership interests in Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee, LLC, the owner of the Vermont Yankee plant, to a subsidiary of NorthStar.  Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee had an outstanding credit facility that was used to pay for dry fuel storage costs.  This credit facility was guaranteed by Entergy Corporation.  Vermont Yankee Asset Retirement Management, LLC, a subsidiary of Entergy, assumed the obligations under the credit facility.  At the closing of the transaction, NorthStar caused Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee, renamed NorthStar Vermont Yankee, to issue a  $139 million  promissory note to Vermont Yankee Asset Retirement Management.  The amount of the note included the balance outstanding on the credit facility, as well as borrowing fees and costs incurred by Entergy in connection with the credit facility. Upon closing of the transaction in January 2019, the Vermont Yankee decommissioning trust, along with the decommissioning obligation for the plant, was transferred to NorthStar.  The Vermont Yankee spent fuel disposal contract was assigned to NorthStar as part of the transaction.  The Vermont Yankee transaction resulted in Entergy generating a net deferred tax asset in January 2019.  The deferred tax asset could not be fully realized by Entergy in the first quarter of 2019; accordingly, Entergy accrued a net tax expense of  $29 million  on the disposition of Vermont Yankee.  The transaction also resulted in other charges of  $5.4 million  ( $4.2 million  after-tax) in the first quarter 2019.  ________________ In the opinion of the management of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy, the accompanying unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring accruals and reclassification of previously reported amounts to conform to current classifications) necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented.  Entergy’s business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, however, with peak periods occurring typically during the first and third quarters.  The results for the interim periods presented should not be used as a basis for estimating results of operations for a full year. 76 Table of Contents Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk See “ Market and Credit Risk Sensitive Instruments ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis. Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of  March 31, 2019 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy (individually “Registrant” and collectively the “Registrants”) management, including their respective Principal Executive Officers (PEO) and Principal Financial Officers (PFO).  The evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on the evaluations, each PEO and PFO has concluded that, as to the Registrant or Registrants for which they serve as PEO or PFO, the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms; and that the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant’s or Registrants’ management, including their respective PEOs and PFOs, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Under the supervision and with the participation of each Registrants’ management, including its respective PEO and PFO, each Registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended  March 31, 2019  and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 77 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income increased $2.9 million primarily due to lower nuclear refueling outage expenses, higher net revenue, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes, and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by higher interest expense and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits).  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the first quarter 2019 to the first quarter 2018:    Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $374.1 Return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers (31.8 ) Formula rate plan regulatory provision (10.5 ) Retail electric price 10.6 Other 3.8 2019 net revenue $346.2 The return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a tax adjustment rider beginning in April 2018.  There is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The formula rate plan regulatory provision is due to an additional provision recorded in the first quarter 2019 to reflect the current estimate of the historical year netting adjustment to be included in the 2019 formula rate plan filing that will be made in July 2019.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of the upcoming formula rate plan filing. The retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of January 2019 as approved by the APSC.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the formula rate plan filing.  Other Income Statement Variances Nuclear refueling outage expenses decreased primarily due to the amortization of lower costs associated with the most recent outages as compared to previous outages. 78 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease of $8.9 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018 and lower nuclear labor costs, including contract labor.  The decrease was partially offset by: • an increase of $1.8 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher labor costs; • an increase of $1.1 million in outside legal costs primarily due to a settlement received in 2018 which reduced legal costs in the first quarter 2018; • an increase of $1 million in advanced metering costs, including customer education costs; and • several individually insignificant items. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service. Interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $250 million of 4.00% Series first mortgage bonds in May 2018 and the issuance of $350 million of 4.20% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2019. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was (138.2%) for the first quarter 2019.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2019 versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein and Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein for discussion of corporate income tax law changes that phase in an Arkansas tax rate reduction. The effective income tax rate was 20.7% for the first quarter 2018.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2018 versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset. Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  79 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $119   $6,216         Cash flow provided by (used in):     Operating activities 206,467   179,890 Investing activities (160,961 )   (161,344 ) Financing activities 144,616   (23,839 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 190,122   (5,293 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $190,241   $923 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $26.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and a decrease of $16.9 million in pension contributions in 2019.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.  Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $0.4 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to a decrease of $18.8 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018 and a decrease of $11.1 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle.  The decrease was substantially offset by money pool activity. Increases in Entergy Arkansas’s receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas’s receivable from the money pool increased by $30.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019.  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities Entergy Arkansas’s financing activities provided $144.6 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to using $23.8 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the following activity: • the issuance of $350 million of 4.20% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2019;  • money pool activity; and • borrowings of $50 million in 2018 on the Entergy Arkansas long-term credit facility. 80 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Decreases in Entergy Arkansas’s payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas’s payable to the money pool decreased by $182.7 million in 2019 compared to decreasing by $42.3 million in 2018.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt.  Capital Structure Entergy Arkansas’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.  The increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the issuance of $350 million of first mortgage bonds in March 2019.    March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 54.1 %   52.0 % Effect of excluding the securitization bonds (0.1 %)   (0.2 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 54.0 %   51.8 % Effect of subtracting cash (1.4 %)   — % Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 52.6 %   51.8 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings, financing lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Arkansas’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Arkansas’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K. Entergy Arkansas’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) $30,521   ($182,738)   ($123,858)   ($166,137) See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. 81 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in September 2023.  Entergy Arkansas also has a $20 million credit facility scheduled to expire in April 2020.  The $150 million credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $5 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of March 31, 2019, no cash borrowings and no letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facilities.  In addition, Entergy Arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of March 31, 2019, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Arkansas’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. The Entergy Arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80 million scheduled to expire in September 2021.  As of March 31, 2019, $42.6 million in loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the Entergy Arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. Searcy Solar Facility                 In March 2019, Entergy Arkansas announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately 100 MW to-be-constructed solar energy facility that will be sited on approximately 800 acres in White County near Searcy, Arkansas.  The purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies.  The project will be constructed by a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources.  Entergy Arkansas will purchase the facility upon completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met.   Closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. Retail Rates As discussed in the Form 10-K, the formula rate plan filing that will be made in July 2019 to set the formula rates for the 2020 calendar year will include a netting adjustment that will compare projected costs and sales for 2018 that were approved in the 2017 formula rate plan filing to actual 2018 costs and sales data.  In the fourth quarter 2018 Entergy Arkansas recorded a provision of $35.1 million that reflected the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that will be included in the 2019 filing to reflect the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2018 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity.  In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Arkansas recorded an additional $10.5 million provision to reflect the current estimate of the historical year netting adjustment to be included in the 2019 filing.    Energy Cost Recovery Rider In March 2019, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected a decrease from $0.01882 per kWh to $0.01462 per kWh and became effective with the first billing cycle in April 2019.  In March 2019 the Arkansas Attorney General filed a response to Entergy Arkansas’s annual adjustment and included with its filing a motion for investigation of alleged overcharges to customers in connection with the FERC’s October 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  Entergy Arkansas filed its response to the Attorney General’s motion in April 2019 in which Entergy Arkansas stated its intent to initiate a proceeding to address recovery issues related to the October 2018 FERC order. 82 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Opportunity Sales Proceeding As discussed in the Form 10-K, in December 2018, Entergy made a compliance filing in response to the FERC’s October 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  The compliance filing provided a final calculation of Entergy Arkansas’s payments to the other Utility operating companies, including interest.  No protests were filed in response to the December 2018 compliance filing.  The December 2018 compliance filing is pending FERC action.  In February 2019 the LPSC filed a new complaint relating to two issues that were raised in the opportunity sales proceeding, but that in its October 2018 order, the FERC held were outside the scope of the proceeding.  In March 2019, Entergy Services filed an answer and motion to dismiss the new complaint. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Arkansas’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  The following is an update to that discussion. In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Arkansas recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for ANO 1 and ANO 2 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study.  The revised estimates resulted in a  $126.2 million  increase in its decommissioning cost liabilities, along with corresponding increases in the related asset retirement cost assets that will be depreciated over the remaining lives of the units.   New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 83 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $545,812   $551,024           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   152,159   108,306 Purchased power   47,058   71,972 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   17,248   23,402 Other operation and maintenance   166,460   169,358 Decommissioning   15,761   14,760 Taxes other than income taxes   28,363   27,905 Depreciation and amortization   75,847   71,981 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net   445   (3,307 ) TOTAL   503,341   484,377           OPERATING INCOME   42,471   66,647           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   3,428   4,008 Interest and investment income   6,183   6,814 Miscellaneous - net   (3,690 )   (3,871 ) TOTAL   5,921   6,951           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   33,383   29,766 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (1,414 )   (1,890 ) TOTAL   31,969   27,876           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   16,423   45,722           Income taxes   (22,698 )   9,467           NET INCOME   39,121   36,255           Preferred dividend requirements   —   357           EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON EQUITY   $39,121   $35,898           See Notes to Financial Statements.         84 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $39,121   $36,255 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   117,255   115,976 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   30,756   11,877 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   22,194   31,033 Fuel inventory   260   (13,868 ) Accounts payable   (56,432 )   (26,924 ) Taxes accrued   (10,616 )   10,072 Interest accrued   12,661   9,748 Deferred fuel costs   44,926   1,971 Other working capital accounts   1,599   5,591 Provisions for estimated losses   9,930   6,520 Other regulatory assets   (56,263 )   13,835 Other regulatory liabilities   53,386   (13,546 ) Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (910 )   (19,277 ) Other assets and liabilities   (1,400 )   10,627 Net cash flow provided by operating activities   206,467   179,890           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (147,214 )   (167,485 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   3,506   4,143 Nuclear fuel purchases   (214 )   (19,391 ) Proceeds from sale of nuclear fuel   22,834   30,907 Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   34,423   34,865 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (40,223 )   (40,238 ) Change in money pool receivable - net   (30,521 )   — Changes in securitization account   (3,553 )   (4,145 ) Other   1   — Net cash flow used in investing activities   (160,961 )   (161,344 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   603,655   175,000 Retirement of long-term debt   (275,904 )   (149,904 ) Changes in short-term borrowings - net   —   (6,087 ) Changes in money pool payable - net   (182,738 )   (42,279 ) Dividends paid:         Preferred stock   —   (357 ) Other   (397 )   (212 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   144,616   (23,839 )           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   190,122   (5,293 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   119   6,216 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $190,241   $923           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $19,458   $18,761           See Notes to Financial Statements.         85 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $746   $118 Temporary cash investments   189,495   1 Total cash and cash equivalents   190,241   119 Securitization recovery trust account   8,218   4,666 Accounts receivable:         Customer   130,054   94,348 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (1,455 )   (1,264 ) Associated companies   63,023   48,184 Other   43,548   64,393 Accrued unbilled revenues   86,910   108,092 Total accounts receivable   322,080   313,753 Deferred fuel costs   —   19,235 Fuel inventory - at average cost   22,888   23,148 Materials and supplies - at average cost   205,601   196,314 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   60,689   78,966 Prepayments and other   10,073   14,553 TOTAL   819,790   650,754           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Decommissioning trust funds   997,263   912,049 Other   5,478   5,480 TOTAL   1,002,741   917,529           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   11,744,151   11,611,041 Construction work in progress   304,981   243,731 Nuclear fuel   171,038   220,602 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   12,220,170   12,075,374 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   4,865,283   4,864,818 UTILITY PLANT - NET   7,354,887   7,210,556           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $11,096 as of March 31, 2019 and $14,329 as of December 31, 2018)   1,591,240   1,534,977 Deferred fuel costs   67,393   67,294 Other   26,292   20,486 TOTAL   1,684,925   1,622,757           TOTAL ASSETS   $10,862,343   $10,401,596           See Notes to Financial Statements.         86 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts payable:         Associated companies   $47,717   $251,768 Other   140,708   187,387 Customer deposits   99,380   99,053 Taxes accrued   46,273   56,889 Interest accrued   31,554   18,893 Deferred fuel costs   25,790   — Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   100,594   99,316 Other   39,020   23,943 TOTAL   531,036   737,249           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   1,131,314   1,085,545 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   32,602   32,903 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   467,198   505,748 Other regulatory liabilities   493,326   402,668 Decommissioning   1,190,346   1,048,428 Accumulated provisions   58,909   48,979 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   312,361   313,295 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $20,975 as of March 31, 2019 and $20,898 as of December 31, 2018)   3,555,152   3,225,759 Other   67,875   17,919 TOTAL   7,309,083   6,681,244           EQUITY         Member's equity   3,022,224   2,983,103 TOTAL   3,022,224   2,983,103           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $10,862,343   $10,401,596           See Notes to Financial Statements.         87 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBER'S EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                 Member's Equity     (In Thousands)       Balance at December 31, 2017   $2,376,754       Net income   36,255 Preferred stock dividends   (357 )       Balance at March 31, 2018   $2,412,652             Balance at December 31, 2018   $2,983,103       Net income   39,121       Balance at March 31, 2019   $3,022,224       See Notes to Financial Statements.     88 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                   Nine Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:             Residential   $210   $236   ($26 )   (11 ) Commercial   125   121   4   3 Industrial   122   111   11   10 Governmental   5   5   —   — Total billed retail   462   473   (11 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   29   30   (1 )   (3 ) Non-associated companies   50   36   14   39 Other   5   12   (7 )   (58 ) Total   $546   $551   ($5 )   (1 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   2,205   2,329   (124 )   (5 ) Commercial   1,326   1,365   (39 )   (3 ) Industrial   1,845   1,828   17   1 Governmental   57   56   1   2 Total retail   5,433   5,578   (145 )   (3 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   597   487   110   23 Non-associated companies   2,519   1,717   802   47 Total   8,549   7,782   767   10 89 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income increased $16 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits).  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the first quarter 2019 to the first quarter 2018:   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $573.7 Retail electric price 46.0 Return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers (7.0 ) Volume/weather (29.6 ) Other (0.8 ) 2019 net revenue $582.3 The retail electric price variance is primarily due to  regulatory charges of $27 million recorded in the first quarter 2018 to reflect the effects of a provision in the settlement reached in the formula rate plan extension proceeding to return the benefits of the lower federal income tax rate in 2018 to customers,   an increase in formula rate plan revenues, as approved by the LPSC, implemented with the first billing cycle of September 2018, and the implementation of an advanced metering system customer charge, as approved by the LPSC, effective January 2019.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the formula rate plan proceedings and advanced metering system customer charge.  The return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through changes in the formula rate plan effective May 2018.  There is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 225 GWh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase in industrial usage primarily due to an increase in demand from existing customers. 90 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Other Income Statement Variances Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:  • a decrease of $9.7 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed during non-refueling plant outages in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018 and lower nuclear labor costs; and  • a decrease of $4.1 million in energy efficiency costs due to the timing of recovery from customers. The decrease was partially offset by: • an increase of $2.2 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs; and • an increase of $2.1 million in loss provisions primarily due to a litigation provision recorded in first quarter 2019. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service. Other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the Lake Charles Power Station and St. Charles Power Station projects.  The increase was substantially offset by a change in decommissioning trust fund investment activity. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 11.5% for the first quarter 2019.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2019 versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests, the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes, and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein and Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  The effective income tax rate was 16.3% for the first quarter 2018.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2018 versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests, certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset. Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  91 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $43,364   $35,907         Cash flow provided by (used in):           Operating activities 179,583   328,040     Investing activities (441,392 )   (613,950 )     Financing activities 523,608   812,289 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 261,799   526,379         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $305,163   $562,286 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $148.5 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • the timing of collection of receivables from customers; • an increase of $28.7 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages; • an increase of $20.3 million in interest payments in the first quarter 2019 as compared to the first quarter 2018;  and • the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The decrease was partially offset by a decrease of $17.6 million in pension contributions in 2019 as compared to 2018.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.  Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased  $172.6 million  for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • money pool activity;  • a decrease of $90.3 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to lower spending on the St. Charles Power Station and Lake Charles Power Station projects in 2019; and • a decrease of $22 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018. The decrease was partially offset by:  • an increase of $85.7 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and  92 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis • an increase of $42.6 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various nuclear projects in 2019.  Decreases in Entergy Louisiana’s receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Louisiana’s receivable from the money pool decreased by $8.9 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to increasing by $170.2 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $288.7 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to:  • the issuance of $750 million of 4.00% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2018;  • net borrowings of $100 million on the Entergy Louisiana long-term credit facility in 2018;  • $49 million in common equity distributions in the first quarter 2019 primarily to maintain Entergy Louisiana’s targeted capital structure; and • net short-term borrowings of $19.4 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities. The decrease was partially offset by the issuance of $525 million of 4.20% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2019 and net long-term borrowings of $54.3 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities in 2019 compared to net repayments of long-term borrowings of $49.7 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities in 2018. See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt. Capital Structure Entergy Louisiana’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.  The increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the issuance of $525 million of first mortgage bonds in March 2019.      March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 55.3 %   53.6 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds (0.2 %)   (0.3 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 55.1 %   53.3 % Effect of subtracting cash (1.1 %)   (0.1 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 54.0 %   53.2 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Louisiana. Debt consists of short-term borrowings, financing lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Louisiana, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Louisiana’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. 93 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Louisiana’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy Louisiana’s receivables from the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) $37,965   $46,845   $181,336   $11,173 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy Louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in September 2023.  The credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $15 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of  March 31, 2019 , there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.  In addition, Entergy Louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2019 , a $43 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Louisiana’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities.   The Entergy Louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, each in the amount of $105 million and scheduled to expire in September 2021.  As of  March 31, 2019 , $95.4 million in loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the Entergy Louisiana River Bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  As of  March 31, 2019 , $79.5 million in loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the Entergy Louisiana Waterford nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel Cost Recovery ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel cost recovery.  The following is an update to that discussion. Fuel and purchased power recovery In July 2014 the LPSC authorized its staff to initiate an audit of Entergy Louisiana’s fuel adjustment clause filings.  The audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by Entergy Louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013.  In January 2019, the LPSC staff consultant issued its audit report.  In its report, the LPSC staff consultant recommended that Entergy Louisiana refund approximately $7.3 million, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant.  Entergy Louisiana recorded a provision in first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. Industrial and Commercial Customers See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Industrial and Commercial Customers ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of industrial and commercial customers. 94 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Louisiana’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies. New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 95 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $936,693   $1,005,106 Natural gas   22,637   24,238 TOTAL   959,330   1,029,344           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   147,349   180,781 Purchased power   257,306   251,772 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   12,808   13,099 Other operation and maintenance   225,888   234,380 Decommissioning   13,879   12,772 Taxes other than income taxes   49,682   51,280 Depreciation and amortization   126,134   120,822 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net   (27,660 )   23,119 TOTAL   805,386   888,025           OPERATING INCOME   153,944   141,319           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   23,914   17,745 Interest and investment income   71,986   43,275 Miscellaneous - net   (42,344 )   (7,665 ) TOTAL   53,556   53,355           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   74,703   70,096 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (11,367 )   (8,763 ) TOTAL   63,336   61,333           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   144,164   133,341           Income taxes   16,531   21,748           NET INCOME   $127,633   $111,593           See Notes to Financial Statements.         96 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands)           Net Income   $127,633   $111,593 Other comprehensive loss         Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax benefit of $342 and $176)   (969 )   (501 ) Other comprehensive loss   (969 )   (501 ) Comprehensive Income   $126,664   $111,092           See Notes to Financial Statements.         97 Table of Contents (Page left blank intentionally) 98 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $127,633   $111,593 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   153,368   157,887 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   49,041   86,443 Changes in working capital:         Receivables   (849 )   53,786 Fuel inventory   31   (1,402 ) Accounts payable   (26,475 )   (18,036 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   16,311   (24,705 ) Interest accrued   (9,300 )   6,365 Deferred fuel costs   (50,620 )   (52,090 ) Other working capital accounts   (41,481 )   (55 ) Changes in provisions for estimated losses   2,962   (481 ) Changes in other regulatory assets   (91,490 )   28,579 Changes in other regulatory liabilities   49,352   (6,088 ) Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities   (1,954 )   (18,075 ) Other   3,054   4,319 Net cash flow provided by operating activities   179,583   328,040           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (401,573 )   (469,398 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   23,914   17,745 Nuclear fuel purchases   (59,422 )   (9,997 ) Proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel   —   36,301 Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (1,651 )   (853 ) Changes to securitization account   (5,405 )   (7,523 ) Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   101,555   125,453 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (107,690 )   (137,097 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   8,880   (170,163 ) Insurance proceeds   —   1,582 Net cash flow used in investing activities   (441,392 )   (613,950 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   1,212,989   947,038 Retirement of long-term debt   (642,307 )   (154,117 ) Changes in short-term borrowings - net   —   19,382 Distributions paid:         Common equity   (49,000 )   — Other   1,926   (14 ) Net cash flow provided by financing activities   523,608   812,289           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   261,799   526,379 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   43,364   35,907 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $305,163   $562,286           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $81,940   $61,613 Income taxes   $—   ($2,973 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         99 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $68,144   $252 Temporary cash investments   237,019   43,112 Total cash and cash equivalents   305,163   43,364 Accounts receivable:         Customer   219,503   199,903 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (1,912 )   (1,813 ) Associated companies   106,149   123,363 Other   73,120   60,879 Accrued unbilled revenues   144,493   167,052 Total accounts receivable   541,353   549,384 Deferred fuel costs   19,209   — Fuel inventory   34,387   34,418 Materials and supplies - at average cost   328,666   324,627 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   61,384   24,406 Prepayments and other   38,550   38,715 TOTAL   1,328,712   1,014,914           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Investment in affiliate preferred membership interests   1,390,587   1,390,587 Decommissioning trust funds   1,408,045   1,284,996 Storm reserve escrow account   291,176   289,525 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   292,380   286,555 Other   15,085   14,927 TOTAL   3,397,273   3,266,590           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   20,614,483   20,532,312 Natural gas   218,502   211,421 Construction work in progress   1,997,965   1,864,582 Nuclear fuel   329,778   298,022 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   23,160,728   22,906,337 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   8,827,954   8,837,596 UTILITY PLANT - NET   14,332,774   14,068,741           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $44,739 as of March 31, 2019 and $49,753 as of December 31, 2018)   1,196,567   1,105,077 Deferred fuel costs   168,122   168,122 Other   32,729   28,371 TOTAL   1,397,418   1,301,570           TOTAL ASSETS   $20,456,177   $19,651,815           See Notes to Financial Statements.         100 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $2   $2 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   82,848   102,749 Other   380,874   390,367 Customer deposits   154,573   155,314 Taxes accrued   47,179   30,868 Interest accrued   74,150   83,450 Deferred fuel costs   —   31,411 Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   33,343   31,457 Other   59,002   49,202 TOTAL   831,971   874,820           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   2,280,532   2,226,721 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   115,782   116,999 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   561,864   581,001 Other regulatory liabilities   815,387   748,784 Decommissioning   1,296,647   1,280,272 Accumulated provisions   313,717   310,755 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   641,132   643,171 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $55,747 as of March 31, 2019 and $55,682 as of December 31, 2018)   7,377,910   6,805,766 Other   240,664   160,608 TOTAL   13,643,635   12,874,077           Commitments and Contingencies                   EQUITY         Member's equity   5,987,693   5,909,071 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (7,122 )   (6,153 ) TOTAL   5,980,571   5,902,918           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $20,456,177   $19,651,815           See Notes to Financial Statements.         101 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Member’s Equity   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss   Total   (In Thousands)             Balance at December 31, 2017 $5,355,204   ($46,400 )   $5,308,804             Net income 111,593   —   111,593 Other comprehensive loss —   (501 )   (501 ) Reclassification pursuant to ASU 2018-02 6,262   (10,049 )   (3,787 ) Other 24   —   24             Balance at March 31, 2018 $5,473,083   ($56,950 )   $5,416,133                         Balance at December 31, 2018 $5,909,071   ($6,153 )   $5,902,918             Net income 127,633   —   127,633 Other comprehensive loss —   (969 )   (969 ) Distributions declared on common equity (49,000 )   —   (49,000 ) Other (11 )   —   (11 )             Balance at March 31, 2019 $5,987,693   ($7,122 )   $5,980,571             See Notes to Financial Statements.           102 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                                     Nine Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $264   $296   ($32 )   (11 ) Commercial   207   225   (18 )   (8 ) Industrial   347   352   (5 )   (1 ) Governmental   17   17   —   — Total billed retail   835   890   (55 )   (6 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   68   74   (6 )   (8 ) Non-associated companies   16   15   1   7 Other   18   26   (8 )   (31 ) Total   $937   $1,005   ($68 )   (7 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   3,080   3,459   (379 )   (11 ) Commercial   2,519   2,661   (142 )   (5 ) Industrial   7,343   7,049   294   4 Governmental   203   201   2   1 Total retail   13,145   13,370   (225 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   1,080   1,014   66   7 Non-associated companies   505   513   (8 )   (2 ) Total   14,730   14,897   (167 )   (1 )                   103 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income decreased $7.4 million primarily due to lower net revenue. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges.  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the first quarter 2019 to the first quarter 2018:   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $164.5 Volume/weather (5.1 ) Retail electric price (3.3 ) Other (0.9 ) 2019 net revenue $155.2 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 226 GWh, or 7%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales.   The retail electric price variance is primarily due to lower storm damage rider revenues.  Entergy Mississippi resumed billing the storm damage rider effective with the September 2017 billing cycle and ceased billing the storm damage rider effective with the August 2018 billing cycle.  The decrease was partially offset by higher ad valorem tax adjustment rider revenues resulting from a rate increase effective October 2018.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the storm damage rider.  Other Income Statement Variances Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease of $5.1 million in storm damage provisions, offset by several individually insignificant items.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of storm cost recovery. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 18.3% for the  first quarter   2019 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2019  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to book and tax differences related to utility plant items and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes and the provision for uncertain tax positions. The effective income tax rate was 23.3% for the first quarter 2018.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2018 versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to state income taxes and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset, partially offset by certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items. 104 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, LLC Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $36,954   $6,096         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 9,992   (8,841 ) Investing activities (54,376 )   (76,268 ) Financing activities 8,315   79,316 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (36,069 )   (5,793 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $885   $303 Operating Activities Entergy Mississippi’s operating activities provided $10 million in cash for the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to using $8.8 million in cash for the three months ended March 31, 2018 primarily due to: • the timing of collection of receivables from customers; • a decrease of $4.6 million in interest paid in 2019 as compared to 2018; • a decrease of $4 million in pension contributions in 2019 as compared to 2018.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding; and  • the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2019 as compared to 2018. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $21.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2018 primarily due to money pool activity.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $9.6 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures, an increase of $7.5 million in transmission construction expenditures, and an increase of $5.6 million in distribution construction expenditures, each primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to 2018.  105 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, LLC Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Decreases in Entergy Mississippi’s receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Mississippi’s receivable from the money pool decreased by $41.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to decreasing by $1.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018.  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $71 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2018 primarily due to money pool activity. Increases in Entergy Mississippi’s payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Mississippi’s payable to the money pool increased by $10.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to increasing by $74.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018.  Capital Structure Entergy Mississippi’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.    March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 50.5 %   50.6 % Effect of subtracting cash — %   (0.7 %) Net debt to net capital 50.5 %   49.9 % Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings, financing lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi’s financial condition.  Entergy Mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Mississippi’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Mississippi’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K. Entergy Mississippi’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) ($10,925)   $41,380   ($74,892)   $1,633 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. 106 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, LLC Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Mississippi has three separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $82.5 million scheduled to expire in May 2019.  Entergy Mississippi expects to renew its credit facilities prior to expiration.  No borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of March 31, 2019.  In addition, Entergy Mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of March 31, 2019, $12.1 million of letters of credit were outstanding under Entergy Mississippi’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. Choctaw Generating Station In August 2018, Entergy Mississippi announced that it signed an asset purchase agreement to acquire from a subsidiary of GenOn Energy Inc. the Choctaw Generating Station, an 810 MW natural gas fired combined-cycle turbine plant located near French Camp, Mississippi.  The purchase price is expected to be approximately $314 million.  Entergy Mississippi also expects to invest in various plant upgrades at the facility after closing and expects the total cost of the acquisition to be approximately $401 million.  The purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies.  These include regulatory approvals from the MPSC and the FERC.  Clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act has occurred.  In October 2018, Entergy Mississippi filed an application with the MPSC seeking approval of the acquisition and cost recovery.  In a separate filing in October 2018, Entergy Mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by Entergy Mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the Choctaw Generating Station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity additions approved by the MPSC.  Closing is expected to occur by the end of 2019.  Due diligence performed on the plant indicates that there exists a potential mechanical issue that must be addressed prior to closing.  There is some possibility that closing may be delayed to allow time for this issue to be resolved. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the formula rate plan and fuel and purchased power cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. Mississippi Attorney General Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint in state court in December 2008 against Entergy Corporation, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Services, and Entergy Power alleging, among other things, violations of Mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution.  The defendants have denied the allegations.  In December 2008 the Attorney General’s lawsuit was removed to U.S. District Court in Jackson, Mississippi.  Pre-trial and settlement conferences were held in October 2018.  In October 2018 the District Court rescheduled the trial to April 2019.  In April 2019 the District Court remanded the Attorney General’s lawsuit to the Hinds County Chancery Court in Jackson, Mississippi. 107 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, LLC Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Formula Rate Plan In March 2019, Entergy Mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2019 test year filing and 2018 look-back filing showing Entergy Mississippi’s earned return for the historical 2018 calendar year to be above the formula rate plan bandwidth and projected earned return for the 2019 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth.  The 2019 test year filing shows a  $36.8 million  rate increase is necessary to reset Entergy Mississippi’s earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of  6.94%  return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth.  The 2018 look-back filing compares actual 2018 results to the approved benchmark return on rate base and shows a  $10.1 million  interim decrease in formula rate plan revenues is necessary.  In the fourth quarter 2018, Entergy Mississippi recorded a provision of  $9.3 million  that reflected the estimate of the difference between the 2018 expected earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-adjusted bandwidth mechanism.  In the first quarter 2019, Entergy Mississippi recorded a  $0.8 million  increase in the provision to reflect the amount shown in the look-back filing.  The filing is currently subject to MPSC review.  A final order is expected in the second quarter 2019, with the resulting rates effective for the first billing cycle of July 2019. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Mississippi’s accounting for utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 108 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                 2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $282,244   $315,743           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   53,229   63,528 Purchased power   71,455   87,456 Other operation and maintenance   59,183   59,458 Taxes other than income taxes   26,127   25,394 Depreciation and amortization   39,088   38,182 Other regulatory charges - net   2,370   293 TOTAL   251,452   274,311           OPERATING INCOME   30,792   41,432           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,913   1,978 Interest and investment income   152   25 Miscellaneous - net   (263 )   (571 ) TOTAL   1,802   1,432           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   14,540   13,905 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (785 )   (828 ) TOTAL   13,755   13,077           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   18,839   29,787           Income taxes   3,441   6,944           NET INCOME    15,398   22,843           Preferred dividend requirements and other   —   238           EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON EQUITY   $15,398   $22,605           See Notes to Financial Statements.         109 Table of Contents (Page left blank intentionally) 110 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $15,398   $22,843 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   39,088   38,182 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   12,072   7,787 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   18,364   1,018 Fuel inventory   (4,267 )   (767 ) Accounts payable   (5,722 )   (24,818 ) Taxes accrued   (66,445 )   (56,244 ) Interest accrued   (293 )   (5,548 ) Deferred fuel costs   17,635   13,817 Other working capital accounts   3,444   (4,856 ) Provisions for estimated losses   (846 )   4,754 Other regulatory assets   (3,478 )   4,586 Other regulatory liabilities   (9,301 )   766 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   269   (4,604 ) Other assets and liabilities   (5,926 )   (5,757 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities   9,992   (8,841 )           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (97,487 )   (79,141 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,913   1,978 Changes in money pool receivable - net   41,380   1,633 Other   (182 )   (738 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (54,376 )   (76,268 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Changes in money pool payable - net   10,925   74,892 Distributions/dividends paid:         Preferred stock   —   (238 ) Other   (2,610 )   4,662 Net cash flow provided by financing activities   8,315   79,316           Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (36,069 )   (5,793 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   36,954   6,096 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $885   $303           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $14,193   $18,820           See Notes to Financial Statements.         111 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $878   $11 Temporary cash investments   7   36,943 Total cash and cash equivalents   885   36,954 Accounts receivable:         Customer   71,621   73,205 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (647 )   (563 ) Associated companies   3,641   51,065 Other   7,678   8,647 Accrued unbilled revenues   40,488   50,171 Total accounts receivable   122,781   182,525 Deferred fuel costs   —   8,016 Fuel inventory - at average cost   16,198   11,931 Materials and supplies - at average cost   49,576   47,255 Prepayments and other   4,043   9,365 TOTAL   193,483   296,046           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   4,572   4,576 Storm reserve escrow account   32,629   32,447 TOTAL   37,201   37,023           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   4,834,942   4,780,720 Construction work in progress   182,618   128,149 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   5,017,560   4,908,869 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   1,667,543   1,641,821 UTILITY PLANT - NET   3,350,017   3,267,048           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets   346,527   343,049 Other   9,878   3,638 TOTAL   356,405   346,687           TOTAL ASSETS   $3,937,106   $3,946,804           See Notes to Financial Statements.         112 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $150,000   $150,000 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   53,027   42,928 Other   74,694   79,117 Customer deposits   85,830   85,085 Taxes accrued   11,107   77,552 Interest accrued   19,938   20,231 Deferred fuel costs   9,619   — Other   15,111   7,526 TOTAL   419,326   462,439           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   566,047   551,869 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   10,146   10,186 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   244,123   246,402 Other regulatory liabilities   26,600   33,622 Asset retirement cost liabilities   9,333   9,206 Accumulated provisions   50,296   51,142 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   93,324   93,100 Long-term debt   1,175,915   1,175,750 Other   34,372   20,862 TOTAL   2,210,156   2,192,139           Commitments and Contingencies                   EQUITY         Member's equity   1,307,624   1,292,226 TOTAL   1,307,624   1,292,226           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $3,937,106   $3,946,804           See Notes to Financial Statements.         113 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBER'S EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                 Member's Equity     (In Thousands)       Balance at December 31, 2017   $1,177,870       Net income   22,843 Preferred stock dividends   (238 )       Balance at March 31, 2018   $1,200,475             Balance at December 31, 2018   $1,292,226       Net income   15,398       Balance at March 31, 2019   $1,307,624       See Notes to Financial Statements.     114 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                   Three Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $129   $148   ($19 )   (13 ) Commercial   98   110   (12 )   (11 ) Industrial   38   43   (5 )   (12 ) Governmental   10   11   (1 )   (9 ) Total billed retail   275   312   (37 )   (12 ) Sales for resale:                 Non-associated companies   5   2   3   150 Other   2   2   —   — Total   $282   $316   ($34 )   (11 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   1,315   1,449   (134 )   (9 ) Commercial   1,040   1,100   (60 )   (5 ) Industrial   566   597   (31 )   (5 ) Governmental   98   99   (1 )   (1 ) Total retail   3,019   3,245   (226 )   (7 ) Sales for resale:                 Non-associated companies   166   193   (27 )   (14 ) Total   3,185   3,438   (253 )   (7 ) 115 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income decreased $1.9 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, a higher effective income tax rate, and lower net revenue, partially offset by lower taxes other than income taxes. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits).  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first  quarter 2019 to the  first  quarter 2018:   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $75.0 Rough production cost equalization (1.5 ) Volume/weather (1.3 ) Amortization of income tax rate change liability 3.1 Other (1.2 ) 2019 net revenue $74.1 The rough production cost equalization variance is due to the use in the first quarter of 2018 of prior rough production cost equalization proceeds to offset investments in Energy Smart energy efficiency programs.  The rough production cost equalization variance is offset in other operation and maintenance expenses and has no effect on net income.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of Energy Smart program funding. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 100 GWh, or 7%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.  The amortization of income tax rate change liability variance is primarily due to the amortization of the regulatory liability that Entergy New Orleans began recording in 2018 for the lower income tax rate.  This portion of the benefits of the lower income tax rate are being given to customers through investments in Energy Smart energy efficiency programs.  The amortization of income tax rate change liability is offset in other operation and maintenance expenses and has no effect on net income.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Other Income Statement Variances  Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:  • an increase of $1.5 million in information technology costs  primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs ;  • an increase of $0.9 million in energy efficiency costs; and  • an increase of $0.9 million in costs related to customer initiatives to explore new technologies and services. 116 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis The increase was partially offset by: • a decrease of $1.2 million in distribution expenses primarily due to lower contract labor costs; and  • a decrease of $1.1 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower plant operating expenses in 2019 as compared to 2018. Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to a decrease in local franchise taxes primarily due to lower electric retail revenues in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 25.3% for the  first  quarter  2019 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first  quarter  2019  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to permanent book and tax differences, state income taxes, and the provision for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by flow-through tax accounting, certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. The effective income tax rate was 19.5% for the  first  quarter  2018 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first  quarter  2018  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to flow-through tax accounting and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by state income taxes, the provision for uncertain tax positions, and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset. Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $19,677   $32,741         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 16,522   7,049 Investing activities (36,783 )   (31,573 ) Financing activities 1,378   (6,857 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (18,883 )   (31,381 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $794   $1,360 117 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $9.5 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • the timing of payments to vendors;  • the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and  • a decrease of $2 million in pension contributions in 2019 as compared to 2018.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $5.2 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • an increase of $9.5 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to higher spending on the New Orleans Power Station and New Orleans Solar projects in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018; and • an increase of $5.8 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018, including investment in Entergy New Orleans’s system reliability and infrastructure. The increase was partially offset by money pool activity.  Decreases in Entergy New Orleans’s receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy New Orleans’s receivable from the money pool decreased $22 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to decreasing $12.3 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities Entergy New Orleans’s financing activities provided $1.4 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to using $6.9 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to $6.3 million in common equity distributions in 2018.  Common equity distributions were lower in 2019 primarily as a result of the increase in planned capital investments. Capital Structure  Entergy New Orleans’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.  The decrease in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to an increase in member’s equity in 2019.   March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 51.7 %   52.1 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds  (3.5 %)   (3.5 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds  (a) 48.2 %   48.6 % Effect of subtracting cash — %   (1.2 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 48.2 %   47.4 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy New Orleans. 118 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings, financing lease obligations, long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion, and the long-term payable due to an associated company.  Capital consists of debt and equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy New Orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy New Orleans, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy New Orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy New Orleans’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy New Orleans’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy New Orleans’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) ($1,877)   $22,016   $432   $12,723 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy New Orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in November 2021.  The credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of  March 31, 2019 , there were no cash borrowings and a $0.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under the facility.  In addition, Entergy New Orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2019 , a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy New Orleans’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. Renewables As discussed in the Form 10-K, in July 2018, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council requesting approval of three utility-scale solar projects totaling 90 MW.  In December 2018 the City Council advisors requested that Entergy New Orleans pursue alternative deal structures for the Washington Parish project and attempt to reduce costs for the 20 MW Orleans Parish project.  As a result of settlement discussions, in March 2019, Entergy New Orleans revised its application to convert the build-own transfer acquisition of the 50 MW facility in Washington Parish to a power purchase agreement.  Also in March 2019 the City Council approved a motion to allow settlement discussions to continue until June 2019. State and Local Rate Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation.  The following is an update to that discussion. 119 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Reliability Investigation In August 2017 the City Council established a docket to investigate the reliability of the Entergy New Orleans distribution system and to consider implementing certain reliability standards and possible financial penalties for not meeting any such standards.  In April 2018 the City Council adopted a resolution directing Entergy New Orleans to demonstrate that it has been prudent in the management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system.  The resolution also called for Entergy New Orleans to file a revised reliability plan addressing the current state of its distribution system and proposing remedial measures for increasing reliability.  In June 2018, Entergy New Orleans filed its response to the City Council’s resolution regarding the prudence of its management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system.  In July 2018, Entergy New Orleans filed its revised reliability plan discussing the various reliability programs that it uses to improve distribution system reliability and discussing generally the positive effect that advanced meter deployment and grid modernization can have on future reliability.  Entergy New Orleans has retained a national consulting firm with expertise in distribution system reliability to conduct a review of Entergy New Orleans’s distribution system reliability-related practices and procedures and to provide recommendations for improving distribution system reliability.  The report was filed with the City Council in October 2018.  The City Council also approved a resolution that opens a prudence investigation into whether Entergy New Orleans was imprudent for not acting sooner to address outages in New Orleans and whether fines should be imposed.  In January 2019, Entergy New Orleans filed testimony in response to the prudence investigation and asserting that it had been prudent in managing system reliability.  In April 2019 the City Council advisors filed comments and testimony asserting that Entergy New Orleans did not act prudently in maintaining and improving its distribution system reliability in recent years and recommending that a financial penalty in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million should be assessed.  Entergy New Orleans disagrees with the recommendation and plans to submit rebuttal testimony in May 2019. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for further discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy New Orleans’s accounting for utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 120 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $130,883   $155,818 Natural gas   32,311   32,457 TOTAL   163,194   188,275           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   30,760   23,739 Purchased power   60,649   83,156 Other operation and maintenance   30,298   28,299 Taxes other than income taxes   13,542   15,132 Depreciation and amortization   14,164   13,747 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net   (2,355 )   6,333 TOTAL   147,058   170,406           OPERATING INCOME   16,136   17,869           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   2,290   851 Interest and investment income   179   93 Miscellaneous - net   (1,506 )   (337 ) TOTAL   963   607           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   5,936   5,279 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (914 )   (314 ) TOTAL   5,022   4,965           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   12,077   13,511           Income taxes   3,054   2,629           NET INCOME   $9,023   $10,882           See Notes to Financial Statements.         121 Table of Contents (Page left blank intentionally) 122 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $9,023   $10,882 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   14,164   13,747 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   9,743   17,909 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   (20 )   3,378 Fuel inventory   1,529   951 Accounts payable   8,298   (7,973 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   (4,443 )   (13,351 ) Interest accrued   650   (81 ) Deferred fuel costs   (71 )   (11,309 ) Other working capital accounts   (15,144 )   (12,082 ) Provisions for estimated losses   454   196 Other regulatory assets   (16,528 )   7,226 Other regulatory liabilities   (8,634 )   1,331 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (1,706 )   (3,686 ) Other assets and liabilities   19,207   (89 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   16,522   7,049           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (57,788 )   (41,105 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   2,290   851 Changes in money pool receivable - net   22,016   12,291 Receipts from storm reserve escrow account   —   3 Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (451 )   (232 ) Changes in securitization account   (2,850 )   (3,381 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (36,783 )   (31,573 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Change in money pool payable - net   1,877   — Distributions/dividends paid:         Common equity   —   (6,250 ) Other   (499 )   (607 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   1,378   (6,857 )           Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (18,883 )   (31,381 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   19,677   32,741 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $794   $1,360           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $5,027   $5,098           See Notes to Financial Statements.         123 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents         Cash   $794   $26 Temporary cash investments   —   19,651 Total cash and cash equivalents   794   19,677 Securitization recovery trust account   5,075   2,224 Accounts receivable:         Customer   47,422   43,890 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (3,033 )   (3,222 ) Associated companies   2,054   27,938 Other   7,115   4,090 Accrued unbilled revenues   16,049   18,907 Total accounts receivable   69,607   91,603 Fuel inventory - at average cost   4   1,533 Materials and supplies - at average cost   11,989   12,133 Prepayments and other   17,250   6,905 TOTAL   104,719   134,075           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Non-utility property at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   1,016   1,016 Storm reserve escrow account   81,305   80,853 TOTAL   82,321   81,869           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   1,358,401   1,364,091 Natural gas   291,484   284,728 Construction work in progress   184,527   146,668 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   1,834,412   1,795,487 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   675,943   670,135 UTILITY PLANT - NET   1,158,469   1,125,352           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Deferred fuel costs   4,080   4,080 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $58,089 as of March 31, 2019 and $60,453 as of December 31, 2018)   246,324   229,796 Other   1,991   1,416 TOTAL   252,395   235,292           TOTAL ASSETS   $1,597,904   $1,576,588           See Notes to Financial Statements.         124 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Payable due to associated company   $1,979   $1,979 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   44,433   43,416 Other   48,308   36,686 Customer deposits   28,683   28,667 Taxes accrued   —   4,068 Interest accrued   7,016   6,366 Deferred fuel costs   1,217   1,288 Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   25,220   25,301 Other   6,611   9,521 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   163,467   157,292           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   334,694   323,595 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   2,197   2,219 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   57,233   60,249 Asset retirement cost liabilities   3,347   3,291 Accumulated provisions   87,048   86,594 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   3,920   5,626 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $63,681 as of March 31, 2019 and $63,620 as of December 31, 2018)   467,498   467,358 Long-term payable due to associated company   14,367   14,367 Other   10,160   11,047 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES   980,464   974,346           Commitments and Contingencies                   EQUITY         Member's equity   453,973   444,950 TOTAL   453,973   444,950           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $1,597,904   $1,576,588           See Notes to Financial Statements.         125 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBER'S EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           Member’s Equity   (In Thousands)     Balance at December 31, 2017 $415,548     Net income 10,882 Common equity distributions (6,250 )     Balance at March 31, 2018 $420,180         Balance at December 31, 2018 $444,950     Net income 9,023     Balance at March 31, 2019 $453,973     See Notes to Financial Statements.      126 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                   Three Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $52   $65   ($13 )   (20 ) Commercial   46   54   (8 )   (15 ) Industrial   7   8   (1 )   (13 ) Governmental   16   18   (2 )   (11 ) Total billed retail   121   145   (24 )   (17 ) Sales for resale:                   Non-associated companies   10   13   (3 )   (23 ) Other   —   (2 )   2   (100 ) Total   $131   $156   ($25 )   (16 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   511   577   (66 )   (11 ) Commercial   492   524   (32 )   (6 ) Industrial   97   99   (2 )   (2 ) Governmental   181   181   —   — Total retail   1,281   1,381   (100 )   (7 ) Sales for resale:                 Non-associated companies   528   627   (99 )   (16 ) Total   1,809   2,008   (199 )   (10 )                                     127 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income increased $4 million primarily due to higher net revenue, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes which is offset in income taxes, and higher other income, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges.  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2019  to the  first quarter   2018 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2018 net revenue $144.9 Return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers (22.3 ) Volume/weather (3.5 ) Retail electric price 10.6 Other 2.3 2019 net revenue $132.0 The return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a rider effective October 2018.  There is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 160 GWh, or 4%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.  The retail electric price variance is primarily due to an annual base rate increase of $53.2 million effective October 2018 as approved by the PUCT.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the rate case filing. Other Income Statement Variances Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to an increase of $4.3 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2019 as compared to 2018 and an increase of $1 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher labor costs and higher software maintenance costs in 2019 as compared to 2018. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily as result of new rates established in the settlement of the 2018 base rate case and additions to plant in service. 128 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019 primarily due to the Montgomery County Power Station project. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was (554.5%) for the  first quarter   2019 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2019  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein and Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The effective income tax rate was 22.2% for the  first quarter   2018 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2018  versus the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset in 2018 and state income taxes, partially offset by certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $56   $115,513         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 42,651   1,048 Investing activities (163,922 )   (52,129 ) Financing activities 143,444   (25,456 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 22,173   (76,537 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $22,229   $38,976 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $41.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs, partially offset by the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 129 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $111.8 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • an increase of $43.1 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on the Montgomery County Power Station;  • an increase of $37 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to 2018; and • money pool activity. Increases in Entergy Texas’s receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Texas’s receivable from the money pool increased by $3.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to decreasing by $32.3 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities Entergy Texas’s financing activities provided $143.4 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to using $25.5 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the issuance of $300 million of 4.0% Series first mortgage bonds and $400 million of 4.5% Series first mortgage bonds in January 2019, partially offset by the repayment, at maturity, of $500 million of 7.125% Series first mortgage bonds in February 2019 and money pool activity.  Decreases in Entergy Texas’s payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Texas’s payable to the money pool decreased by $22.4 million for the  three months ended  March 31, 2019.  Capital Structure Entergy Texas’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.  The increase in the debt to capital ratio for Entergy Texas is primarily due to the net issuance of $200 million of first mortgage bonds in 2019.       March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 53.9 %   51.6 % Effect of excluding the securitization bonds (4.2 %)   (5.2 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 49.7 %   46.4 % Effect of subtracting cash (0.4 %)   — % Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 49.3 %   46.4 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Texas. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of financing lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Texas’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to  130 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Texas’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Texas’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Texas’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy Texas’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31, 2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) $3,571   ($22,389)   $12,590   $44,903 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy Texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in September 2023.  The credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $30 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of  March 31, 2019 , there were no cash borrowings and $1.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.  In addition, Entergy Texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2019 , an $11.7 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Texas’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. 2018 Base Rate Case In January 2019, Entergy Texas filed for recovery of rate case expenses totaling $7.2 million.  The amounts requested primarily include internal and external expenses related to litigating the 2018 base rate case.  Parties filed testimony in April 2019 recommending a disallowance ranging from $3.2 million to $4.2 million of the $7.2 million requested.  Entergy Texas is evaluating its response to the parties’ positions .   A hearing is scheduled for June 2019.  Distribution Cost Recovery Factor (DCRF) Rider In March 2019, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to set a new DCRF rider.  The proposed new DCRF rider is designed to collect approximately $3.2 million annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers based on its capital invested in distribution between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2018.  A procedural schedule has been established, with a hearing in June 2019.  131 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Transmission Cost Recovery Factor (TCRF) Rider In December 2018, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to set a new TCRF rider.  The proposed new TCRF rider is designed to collect approximately $2.7 million annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between January 1, 2018 and September 30, 2018.  In April 2019 parties filed testimony proposing a load growth adjustment, which would fully offset Entergy Texas’s proposed TCRF revenue requirement.  The PUCT has previously ruled that load growth adjustments should not be included in a TCRF.  Entergy Texas filed a motion for interim rates to be effective April 2019.  In April 2019 the hearing on Entergy Texas’s motion and the hearing on the merits were held, and the ALJ suspended the date on which the TCRF would be put into permanent effect until July 2019, unless an earlier decision is issued by the PUCT.  This matter is currently awaiting the ALJ’s proposal for decision.  Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Industrial and Commercial Customers See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Industrial and Commercial Customers ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of industrial and commercial customers. Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 132 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $340,474   $348,940           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   48,103   18,706 Purchased power   140,868   159,692 Other operation and maintenance   59,626   52,674 Taxes other than income taxes   18,640   20,403 Depreciation and amortization   37,037   30,766 Other regulatory charges - net   19,459   25,617 TOTAL   323,733   307,858           OPERATING INCOME   16,741   41,082           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   5,081   1,661 Interest and investment income   1,682   555 Miscellaneous - net   (363 )   113 TOTAL   6,400   2,329           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   22,460   22,051 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (2,580 )   (938 ) TOTAL   19,880   21,113           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   3,261   22,298           Income taxes   (18,081 )   4,948           NET INCOME   $21,342   $17,350           See Notes to Financial Statements.         133 Table of Contents (Page left blank intentionally) 134 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $21,342   $17,350 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   37,037   30,766 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   (10,123 )   (21,607 ) Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   65,394   9,190 Fuel inventory   (173 )   (134 ) Accounts payable   (57,447 )   (24,653 ) Taxes accrued   (9,465 )   3,981 Interest accrued   (4,638 )   (5,575 ) Deferred fuel costs   8,331   (28,626 ) Other working capital accounts   (913 )   4,788 Provisions for estimated losses   1,074   (208 ) Other regulatory assets   1,358   20,497 Other regulatory liabilities   (24,365 )   5,145 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (1,120 )   (6,851 ) Other assets and liabilities   16,359   (3,015 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   42,651   1,048           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (176,186 )   (94,123 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   5,111   1,696 Changes in money pool receivable - net   (3,571 )   32,313 Changes in securitization account   10,724   7,985 Net cash flow used in investing activities   (163,922 )   (52,129 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   692,633   — Retirement of long-term debt   (525,841 )   (24,977 ) Change in money pool payable - net   (22,389 )   — Other   (959 )   (479 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   143,444   (25,456 )           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   22,173   (76,537 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   56   115,513 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $22,229   $38,976           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $26,002   $26,939 Income taxes   $—   ($1,624 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         135 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $26   $26 Temporary cash investments   22,203   30 Total cash and cash equivalents   22,229   56 Securitization recovery trust account   29,461   40,185 Accounts receivable:         Customer   63,194   69,714 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (412 )   (461 ) Associated companies   16,273   64,441 Other   9,964   12,275 Accrued unbilled revenues   46,415   51,288 Total accounts receivable   135,434   197,257 Fuel inventory - at average cost   42,840   42,667 Materials and supplies - at average cost   43,560   41,883 Prepayments and other   11,231   15,903 TOTAL   284,755   337,951           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Investments in affiliates - at equity   436   448 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   376   376 Other   19,433   19,218 TOTAL   20,245   20,042           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   4,804,948   4,773,984 Construction work in progress   450,207   325,193 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   5,255,155   5,099,177 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   1,694,292   1,684,569 UTILITY PLANT - NET   3,560,863   3,414,608           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $219,904 as of March 31, 2019 and $236,336 as of December 31, 2018)   596,690   598,048 Other   31,171   29,371 TOTAL   627,861   627,419           TOTAL ASSETS   $4,493,724   $4,400,020           See Notes to Financial Statements.         136 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $—   $500,000 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   48,588   119,371 Other   158,286   150,679 Customer deposits   40,967   43,387 Taxes accrued   44,048   53,513 Interest accrued   19,717   24,355 Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   73,112   87,627 Deferred fuel costs   28,028   19,697 Other   9,233   6,353 TOTAL   421,979   1,004,982           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   543,550   552,535 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   11,021   11,176 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   254,771   264,623 Other regulatory liabilities   47,886   47,884 Asset retirement cost liabilities   7,322   7,222 Accumulated provisions   14,930   13,856 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   3,699   4,834 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $257,887 as of March 31, 2019 and $283,659 as of December 31, 2018)   1,680,966   1,013,735 Other   63,856   56,771 TOTAL   2,628,001   1,972,636           Commitments and Contingencies                   COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, no par value, authorized 200,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 46,525,000 shares in 2019 and 2018   49,452   49,452 Paid-in capital   596,994   596,994 Retained earnings   797,298   775,956 TOTAL   1,443,744   1,422,402           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $4,493,724   $4,400,020           See Notes to Financial Statements.         137 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)                 Balance at December 31, 2017 $49,452   $596,994   $613,721   $1,260,167                 Net income —   —   17,350   17,350                 Balance at March 31, 2018 $49,452   $596,994   $631,071   $1,277,517                                 Balance at December 31, 2018 $49,452   $596,994   $775,956   $1,422,402                 Net income —   —   21,342   21,342                 Balance at March 31, 2019 $49,452   $596,994   $797,298   $1,443,744                 See Notes to Financial Statements.               138 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)                   Three Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2019   2018   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $148   $148   $—   — Commercial   79   85   (6 )   (7 ) Industrial   88   83   5   6 Governmental   5   6   (1 )   (17 ) Total billed retail   320   322   (2 )   (1 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   14   13   1   8 Non-associated companies   3   10   (7 )   (70 ) Other   3   4   (1 )   (25 ) Total   $340   $349   ($9 )   (3 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   1,360   1,474   (114 )   (8 ) Commercial   1,046   1,083   (37 )   (3 ) Industrial   1,831   1,832   (1 )   — Governmental   62   70   (8 )   (11 ) Total retail   4,299   4,459   (160 )   (4 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   402   366   36   10 Non-associated companies   96   194   (98 )   (51 ) Total   4,797   5,019   (222 )   (4 ) 139 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations System Energy’s principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in Grand Gulf.  The capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the Unit Power Sales Agreement to its only four customers, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans.  System Energy’s operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% interest in Grand Gulf pursuant to the Unit Power Sales Agreement.  Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy’s only source of operating revenues. Net income increased $1.3 million primarily due to the increase in operating revenues resulting from changes in rate base as compared to the prior year and a lower effective income tax rate. Income Tax Legislation See the “ Income Tax Legislation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in December 2017.  Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains additional discussion of the effect of the Tax Act on 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the Tax Act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the Tax Act, and Note 10 to the financial statements herein contains updates to that discussion.  Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K contains a discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the Tax Act.  Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  and  2018  were as follows:   2019   2018   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $95,685   $287,187         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 57,717   65,371 Investing activities 70,709   (85,956 ) Financing activities (65,810 )   12,097 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 62,616   (8,488 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $158,301   $278,699 140 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Operating Activities  Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased by $7.7 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the timing of collection of receivables, offset by a decrease in spending of $3.7 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018 and a decrease of $3.4 million in pension contributions in 2019.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.  Investing Activities System Energy’s investing activities provided $70.7 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to using $86 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to: • an increase of $92.5 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and • money pool activity. Decreases in System Energy’s receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and System Energy’s receivable from the money pool decreased by $81.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to decreasing by $21.5 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities System Energy’s financing activities used $65.8 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2019  compared to providing $12.1 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2018  primarily due to the following activity: • net short-term borrowings of $25.3 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity’s credit facility; • the issuance in March 2018 of $100 million of 3.42% Series J notes by the System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity; • net repayments of long-term borrowings of $19.8 million in 2019 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity’s credit facility compared to net repayments of long-term borrowings of $50 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity’s credit facility; and • a decrease of $17.7 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2019. In March 2019, System Energy issued  $134 million  of  2.50%  Series 2019 revenue refunding bonds due April 2022.  The proceeds were used to redeem, prior to maturity,  $134 million  of  5.875%  Series 1998 pollution control revenue refunding bonds due April 2022.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt. 141 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Capital Structure System Energy’s debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.    March 31, 2019   December 31, 2018 Debt to capital 46.1 %   46.1 % Effect of subtracting cash (7.4 %)   (4.0 %) Net debt to net capital 38.7 %   42.1 % Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  System Energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy’s financial condition.  System Energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy’s financial condition because net debt indicates System Energy’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of System Energy’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K. System Energy’s receivables from the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2019   December 31, 2018   March 31,  2018   December 31, 2017 (In Thousands) $25,487   $107,122   $90,136   $111,667 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. The System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of  $120 million  scheduled to expire in  September 2021 .  As of  March 31, 2019 , $94.1 million in letters of credit to support a like amount of commercial paper issued were outstanding under the System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility. Federal Regulation See the “ Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation  -  Federal Regulation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K and Note 2 to the financial statements herein and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation. 142 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Complaints Against System Energy Return on Equity and Capital Structure Complaints See the Form 10-K for a discussion of the return on equity complaints filed by the APSC and the MPSC and by the LPSC against System Energy.  The LPSC’s complaint also includes a challenge to System Energy’s capital structure.  In August 2018 the FERC issued an order dismissing the LPSC’s request to investigate System Energy’s capital structure and setting for hearing the return on equity complaint, with a refund effective date of April 2018.  The portion of the LPSC’s complaint dealing with return on equity was subsequently consolidated with the APSC and MPSC complaint for hearing.  The consolidated hearing has been scheduled for September 2019, and the parties are required to address an order (issued in a separate proceeding involving New England transmission owners) that proposed modifying the FERC’s standard methodology for determining return on equity.  In September 2018, System Energy filed a request for rehearing and the LPSC filed a request for rehearing or reconsideration of the FERC’s August 2018 order.  The LPSC’s request referenced an amended complaint that it filed on the same day raising the same capital structure claim the FERC had earlier dismissed.  The FERC initiated a new proceeding for the amended capital structure complaint, and System Energy submitted a response in October 2018.  In January 2019 the FERC set the amended capital structure complaint for settlement and hearing proceedings.  Settlement procedures in the capital structure proceeding commenced in February 2019. In January 2019 the LPSC and the APSC and MPSC filed direct testimony in the return on equity proceeding.  For the refund period January 23, 2017 through April 23, 2018, the LPSC argues for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of 7.81% and the APSC and MPSC argue for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of 8.24%.  For the refund period April 27, 2018 through July 27, 2019, and for application on a prospective basis, the LPSC argues for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of 7.97% and the APSC and MPSC argue for an authorized return on equity for System Energy of 8.41%. In March 2019, System Energy submitted answering testimony in the return on equity proceeding.  For the first refund period, System Energy’s testimony argues for a return on equity of 10.10% (median) or 10.70% (midpoint).  For the second refund period, System Energy’s testimony shows that the calculated returns on equity for the first period fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity, and thus the second complaint should be dismissed (and the first period return on equity used going forward). If the FERC nonetheless were to set a new return on equity for the second period (and going forward), System Energy argues the return on equity should be either 10.32% (median) or 10.69% (midpoint). Grand Gulf Sale-leaseback Renewal Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, in May 2018 the LPSC filed a complaint against System Energy and Entergy Services related to System Energy’s renewal of a sale-leaseback transaction originally entered into in December 1988 for an 11.5% undivided interest in Grand Gulf Unit 1. In February 2019 the presiding ALJ ruled that the hearing ordered by the FERC includes the issue of whether specific subcategories of accumulated deferred income tax should be included in, or excluded from, System Energy’s formula rate.   In March 2019 the LPSC, MPSC, APSC and City Council filed direct testimony.  The LPSC testimony seeks refunds that include the renewal lease payments (approximately $17.2 million per year since July 2015), rate base reductions for accumulated deferred income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions (claimed to be approximately $334.5 million as of December 2018), and the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest (claimed to be approximately $274.8 million), as well as interest on those amounts.  The direct testimony of the City Council and the APSC and MPSC address various issues raised by the LPSC.  System Energy disputes that any refunds are owed for billings under the Unit Power Sales Agreement.  A hearing has been scheduled for November 2019. 143 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in System Energy’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies. New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Note 1 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 144 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $140,104   $148,443           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   21,561   28,425 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   8,186   3,972 Other operation and maintenance   45,282   45,339 Decommissioning   8,799   8,457 Taxes other than income taxes   7,539   7,097 Depreciation and amortization   26,574   33,321 Other regulatory credits - net   (9,205 )   (9,109 ) TOTAL   108,736   117,502           OPERATING INCOME    31,368   30,941           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,589   2,100 Interest and investment income   6,991   6,886 Miscellaneous - net   (1,228 )   (1,176 ) TOTAL   7,352   7,810           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   9,397   9,325 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (389 )   (532 ) TOTAL   9,008   8,793           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   29,712   29,958           Income taxes   6,134   7,650           NET INCOME   $23,578   $22,308           See Notes to Financial Statements.         145 Table of Contents (Page left blank intentionally) 146 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $23,578   $22,308 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   53,731   66,323 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   4,975   7,929 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   (7,613 )   5,883 Accounts payable   (5,182 )   (9,632 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   (13,575 )   (15,033 ) Interest accrued   (3,150 )   736 Other working capital accounts   3,635   (5,874 ) Other regulatory assets   (3,730 )   (1,960 ) Other regulatory liabilities   70,486   (18,988 ) Pension and other postretirement liabilities   319   (3,537 ) Other assets and liabilities   (65,757 )   17,216 Net cash flow provided by operating activities   57,717   65,371           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (25,557 )   (30,707 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,589   2,100 Nuclear fuel purchases   (3 )   (74,257 ) Proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel   18,280   — Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   56,988   54,210 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (62,223 )   (58,833 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   81,635   21,531 Net cash flow provided by (used in) investing activities   70,709   (85,956 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   529,493   100,000 Retirement of long-term debt   (549,803 )   (50,002 ) Changes in short-term borrowings - net   —   25,339 Common stock dividends and distributions   (45,500 )   (63,240 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   (65,810 )   12,097           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   62,616   (8,488 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   95,685   287,187 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $158,301   $278,699           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $12,461   $8,592           See Notes to Financial Statements.         147 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $57   $68 Temporary cash investments   158,244   95,617 Total cash and cash equivalents   158,301   95,685 Accounts receivable:         Associated companies   74,667   148,571 Other   5,272   5,390 Total accounts receivable   79,939   153,961 Materials and supplies - at average cost   101,609   97,225 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   36,624   44,424 Prepaid taxes   18,990   5,415 Prepayments and other   2,764   2,985 TOTAL   398,227   399,695           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Decommissioning trust funds   951,334   869,543 TOTAL   951,334   869,543           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   5,027,651   5,036,116 Construction work in progress   82,554   70,156 Nuclear fuel   195,023   234,889 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   5,305,228   5,341,161 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   3,226,329   3,212,080 UTILITY PLANT - NET   2,078,899   2,129,081           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Other regulatory assets   450,101   446,371 Other   3,992   4,124 TOTAL   454,093   450,495           TOTAL ASSETS   $3,882,553   $3,848,814           See Notes to Financial Statements.         148 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (Unaudited)     2019   2018     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $8   $6 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   7,596   11,031 Other   39,660   47,565 Interest accrued   10,145   13,295 Current portion of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes   7,396   4,426 Other   2,830   2,832 TOTAL   67,635   79,155           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   813,026   805,296 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   38,354   38,673 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   152,289   158,998 Other regulatory liabilities   456,112   381,887 Decommissioning   904,800   896,000 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   98,958   98,639 Long-term debt   610,790   630,744 Other   25,313   22,224 TOTAL   3,099,642   3,032,461           Commitments and Contingencies                   COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, no par value, authorized 1,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 789,350 shares in 2019 and 2018   601,850   601,850 Retained earnings   113,426   135,348 TOTAL   715,276   737,198           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $3,882,553   $3,848,814           See Notes to Financial Statements.         149 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)             Balance at December 31, 2017 $658,350   $52,459   $710,809             Net income —   22,308   22,308 Common stock dividends and distributions (56,500 )   (6,740 )   (63,240 )             Balance at March 31, 2018 $601,850   $68,027   $669,877                         Balance at December 31, 2018 $601,850   $135,348   $737,198             Net income —   23,578   23,578 Common stock dividends and distributions —   (45,500 )   (45,500 )             Balance at March 31, 2019 $601,850   $113,426   $715,276             See Notes to Financial Statements.           150 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1.  Legal Proceedings See “ PART I, Item 1,   Litigation ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of legal, administrative, and other regulatory proceedings affecting Entergy.  Also see Note 1 and Note 2 to the financial statements herein and “ Item 5, Other Information,   Environmental Regulation ” below for updates regarding environmental proceedings and regulation. Item 1A.  Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors discussed in “ PART I, Item 1A,   Risk Factors”  in the Form 10-K. Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Period   Total Number of Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan   Maximum $ Amount of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under a Plan (b)                   1/01/2019-1/31/2019   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 2/01/2019-2/28/2019   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 3/01/2019-3/31/2019   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 Total   —   $—   —     In accordance with Entergy’s stock-based compensation plans, Entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of Entergy’s common stock.  According to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market.  Entergy’s management has been authorized by the Board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans.  In addition to this authority, the Board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions.  In October 2010 the Board granted authority for a $500 million share repurchase program.  The amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities.  In addition, in the first quarter 2019, Entergy withheld 76,735 shares of its common stock at $86.03 per share, 82,550 shares of its common stock at $86.51 per share, 38,326 shares of its common stock at $87.10 per share, 932 shares of its common stock at $89.19 per share, and 2,280 shares of its common stock at $93.25 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program. (a) See Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans. (b) Maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan and does not include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans. 151 Table of Contents Item 5.  Other Information Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry Following is an update to the “ Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry ” section of Part I, Item 1 of the Form 10-K. Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 Nuclear Plant Decommissioning In March 2019 filings with the NRC were made reporting on decommissioning funding for all of Entergy subsidiaries’ nuclear plants .  Those reports showed that decommissioning funding for each of the nuclear plants met the NRC’s financial assurance requirements.   Environmental Regulation Following are updates to the “ Environmental Regulation ” section of Part I, Item 1 of the Form 10-K. Clean Air Act and Subsequent Amendments Potential Legislative, Regulatory, and Judicial Developments As discussed in the Form 10-K, Entergy continues to support national legislation that would increase planning certainty for electric utilities while addressing carbon dioxide emissions in a responsible and flexible manner.  Entergy voluntarily conducted a climate scenario analysis and published a comprehensive report in March 2019.  The report follows the framework and recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Disclosures (TCFD), describing climate-related governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.  Scenario analysis resulted in Entergy developing and publishing a new goal of reducing the Utility’s emission rate by 50 percent from 2000 levels by 2030. Groundwater at Certain Nuclear Sites As discussed in the Form 10-K, in February 2016, Entergy disclosed that elevated tritium levels had been detected in samples from several monitoring wells that are part of Indian Point’s groundwater monitoring program.  Investigation of the source of elevated tritium determined that the source was related to a temporary system to process water in preparation for the regularly scheduled refueling outage at Indian Point 2.  The NRC had issued a green notice of violation related to the adequacy of Entergy’s controls to prevent the introduction of radioactivity into the site groundwater.  Entergy completed corrective actions and, in February 2019, the NRC concluded that Entergy had achieved full compliance and closed the violation.  Item 6.  Exhibits    4(a) - Eighty-second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019, to Entergy Arkansas Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of October 1, 1944 (4.39 to Form 8-K filed March 19, 2019 in 1-10764).         4(b) - Ninety-first Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019, to Entergy Louisiana Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of April 1, 1944 (4.43 to Form 8-K filed March 12, 2019 in 1-32718).         4(c) - Ninety-first Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019, to Entergy Louisiana Indenture of Mortgage, dated September 1, 1926 (4.42 to Form 8-K filed March 12, 2019 in 1-32718).         4(d) - Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019, to Entergy Louisiana Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of November 1, 2015 (4.41 to Form 8-K filed March 12, 2019 in 1-32718).       152 Table of Contents   4(e) - Officer’s Certificate No. 14-B-10, dated March 6, 2019, supplemental to Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Entergy Louisiana, dated as of November 1, 2015 (4.40 to Form 8-K filed March 12, 2019 in 1-32718).         4(f) - Loan Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, between Mississippi Business Finance Corporation and System Energy (4(b) to Form 8-K filed March 28, 2019 in 1-9067).         *31(a) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *31(b) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *31(c) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *31(d) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *31(e) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *31(f) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *31(g) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *31(h) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *31(i) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *31(j) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *31(k) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Texas.         *31(l) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Texas.         *31(m) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for System Energy.         *31(n) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for System Energy.         *32(a) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *32(b) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *32(c) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *32(d) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *32(e) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *32(f) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *32(g) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *32(h) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *32(i) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *32(j) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *32(k) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Texas.         *32(l) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Texas.         *32(m) - Section 1350 Certification for System Energy.         *32(n) - Section 1350 Certification for System Energy.         *101 INS - XBRL Instance Document.         *101 SCH - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.         *101 PRE - XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.       153 Table of Contents   *101 LAB - XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.         *101 CAL - XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.         *101 DEF - XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. ___________________________ Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, Entergy Corporation agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request any instrument with respect to long-term debt that is not registered or listed herein as an Exhibit because the total amount of securities authorized under such agreement does not exceed ten percent of the total assets of Entergy Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. * Filed herewith. 154 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company or its subsidiaries. ENTERGY CORPORATION ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.     /s/ Alyson M. Mount Alyson M. Mount Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (For each Registrant and for each as  Principal Accounting Officer) Date:     May 3, 2019 155 	 
 
 
 
