
 10-K
 1
 eqr-20131231x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 EQR-2013.12.31 - 10K 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K x  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended  DECEMBER 31, 2013   OR ¨  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                   to                  Commission File Number: 1-12252 (Equity Residential) Commission File Number: 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland (Equity Residential) 13-3675988 (Equity Residential) Illinois (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 36-3894853 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)     Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (312) 474-1300  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 Par Value (Equity Residential) New York Stock Exchange Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 Par Value (Equity Residential) New York Stock Exchange 7.57% Notes due August 15, 2026 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) New York Stock Exchange (Title of each class) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Equity Residential) Units of Limited Partnership Interest (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) (Title of each class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Equity Residential   Yes  x     No  ¨ ERP Operating Limited Partnership   Yes  x       No  o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Equity Residential   Yes  ¨     No  x ERP Operating Limited Partnership   Yes  ¨       No  x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Equity Residential   Yes  x     No  ¨ ERP Operating Limited Partnership   Yes  x       No  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Equity Residential   Yes  x     No  ¨ ERP Operating Limited Partnership   Yes  x       No  ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  Equity Residential    x ERP Operating Limited Partnership     x Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange  Act. Equity Residential:   Large accelerated filer  x Accelerated filer  ¨ Non-accelerated filer  ¨  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company  ¨ ERP Operating Limited Partnership:   Large accelerated filer  ¨ Accelerated filer  ¨ Non-accelerated filer  x  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Equity Residential   Yes  ¨     No  x ERP Operating Limited Partnership   Yes  ¨       No  x   The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $20.5 billion based upon the closing price on  June 30, 2013  of $58.06 using beneficial ownership of shares rules adopted pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude voting shares owned by Trustees and Executive Officers, some of who may not be held to be affiliates upon judicial determination. The number of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value, outstanding on  February 21, 2014  was 361,079,202. 2 Table of Contents DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III incorporates by reference certain information that will be contained in Equity Residential's Proxy Statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which Equity Residential intends to file no later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended  December 31, 2013 , and thus these items have been omitted in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K.  Equity Residential is the general partner and  96.2%  owner of ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 3 Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2013  of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership.  Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “EQR” mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “ERPOP” mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership.  References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP.  References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. The following chart illustrates the Company's and the Operating Partnership's corporate structure: EQR is the general partner of, and as of  December 31, 2013  owned an approximate  96.2%  ownership interest in ERPOP.  The remaining  3.8%  interest is owned by limited partners.  As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP's day-to-day management.   The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT (“UPREIT”) and contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to the Operating Partnership.  In return for those contributions, the Company receives a number of OP Units (see definition below) in the Operating Partnership equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering.  Contributions of properties to the Company can be structured as tax-deferred transactions through the issuance of OP Units in the Operating Partnership, which is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner shown above.  Based on the terms of ERPOP's partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged with Common Shares on a one-for-one basis.  The Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units of the Operating Partnership issued to EQR and the Common Shares.                                                                             The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of EQR and ERPOP into this single report provides the following benefits: • enhances investors' understanding of the Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; • eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the Company and the Operating Partnership; and • creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one business.  The management of EQR consists of the same members as the management of ERPOP.   The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between EQR and ERPOP in the context of how EQR and ERPOP operate as a consolidated company.  All of the Company's property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP.  EQR's primary function is acting as the general partner of ERPOP.  EQR also issues equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of ERPOP, as disclosed in this report.  EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by the Company, which are contributed  4 Table of Contents to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”) (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business.  These sources include the Operating Partnership's working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facility, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and joint ventures.   Shareholders' equity, partners' capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership.  The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in the Company's financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership's financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships and development joint venture partners.  The noncontrolling interests in the Company's financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership level and limited partner OP Unit holders of the Operating Partnership.  The differences between shareholders' equity and partners' capital result from differences in the equity issued at the Company and Operating Partnership levels. To help investors understand the significant differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report provides separate consolidated financial statements for the Company and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of each entity's debt, noncontrolling interests and shareholders' equity or partners' capital, as applicable; and a combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section that includes discrete information related to each entity. This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350.    In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership.    As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and EQR essentially has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company.  5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP TABLE OF CONTENTS       PAGE PART I.       Item 1.   Business 7 Item 1A.   Risk Factors 11 Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments 29 Item 2.   Properties 29 Item 3.   Legal Proceedings 32 Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures 32 PART II.       Item 5.   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 Item 6.   Selected Financial Data 34 Item 7.   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 63 Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 64 Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 65 Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures 65 Item 9B.   Other Information 66 PART III.       Item 10.   Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 67 Item 11.   Executive Compensation 67 Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 67 Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 67 Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 67 PART IV.       Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 68       EX-10.40    EX-12    EX-21    EX-23.1    EX-23.2    EX-31.1    EX-31.2    EX-31.3    EX 31.4    EX-32.1    EX-32.2    EX-32.3    EX-32.4    EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT    EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT    EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT    EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT    EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT    EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT   6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1.  Business General Equity Residential (“EQR”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993, is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of high quality apartment properties in top United States growth markets.  ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”), an Illinois limited partnership, was formed in May 1993 to conduct the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential.  EQR has elected to be taxed as a REIT.  References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP.  References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. EQR is the general partner of, and as of  December 31, 2013  owned an approximate  96.2%  ownership interest in, ERPOP.  All of the Company's property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP.  EQR issues equity from time to time but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity.  As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of  390  properties located in  12  states and the District of Columbia consisting of  109,855  apartment units. The ownership breakdown includes (table does not include various uncompleted development properties):     Properties   Apartment Units Wholly Owned Properties   362   98,468 Master-Leased Properties – Consolidated   3   853 Partially Owned Properties – Consolidated   19   3,752 Partially Owned Properties – Unconsolidated   4   1,669 Military Housing   2   5,113     390   109,855 The Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates property management offices in each of its markets. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company had approximately  3,600  employees who provided real estate operations, leasing, legal, financial, accounting, acquisition, disposition, development and other support functions. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Available Information You may access our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to any of those reports we file with the SEC free of charge at our website,  www.equityresidential.com . These reports are made available at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the SEC. The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this report. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies The Company invests in high quality apartment communities located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of maximizing our risk adjusted total return (operating income plus capital appreciation) on invested capital.  We seek to maximize the income and capital appreciation of our properties by investing in markets that are characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property appreciation. We are focused primarily on the six core coastal, high barrier to entry markets of Boston, New York, Washington DC, Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle. These markets generally feature one or more of the following characteristics that allow us to increase  7 Table of Contents rents: ▪ High barriers to entry where, because of land scarcity or government regulation, it is difficult or costly to build new apartment properties, creating limits on new supply;  ▪ High home ownership costs; ▪ Strong economic growth leading to job growth and household formation, which in turn leads to high demand for our apartments; ▪ Urban core locations with an attractive quality of life and higher wage job categories leading to high resident demand and retention; and ▪ Favorable demographics contributing to a larger pool of target residents with a high propensity to rent apartments.  Our operating focus is on balancing occupancy and rental rates to maximize our revenue while exercising tight cost control to generate the highest possible return to our shareholders.  Revenue is maximized by attracting qualified prospects to our properties, cost-effectively converting these prospects into new residents and keeping our residents satisfied so they will renew their leases upon expiration.  While we believe that it is our high-quality, well-located assets that bring our customers to us, it is the customer service and superior value provided by our on-site personnel that keeps them renting with us and recommending us to their friends.  We use technology to engage our customers in the way that they want to be engaged. Many of our residents utilize our web-based resident portal which allows them to sign and renew their leases, review their accounts and make payments, provide feedback and make service requests on-line. Acquisitions and developments may be financed from various sources of capital, which may include retained cash flow, issuance of additional equity and debt, sales of properties and joint venture agreements. In addition, the Company may acquire properties in transactions that include the issuance of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”) as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer, in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. The Company may acquire land parcels to hold and/or sell based on market opportunities as well as options to buy more land in the future.  The Company may also seek to acquire properties by purchasing defaulted or distressed debt that encumbers desirable properties in the hope of obtaining title to property through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure proceedings.  The Company has also, in the past, converted some of its properties and sold them as condominiums but is not currently active in this line of business. Over the past several years, the Company has done an extensive repositioning of its portfolio from low barrier to entry/non-core markets to high barrier to entry/core markets.  Since 2005, the Company has sold over 162,000 apartment units primarily in its non-core markets for an aggregate sales price of approximately $15.6 billion, acquired over 66,000 apartment units primarily in its core markets for approximately $19.0 billion and began approximately $4.1 billion of development projects primarily in its core markets.  We are currently seeking to acquire and develop assets primarily in the following six core coastal metropolitan areas: Boston, New York, Washington DC, Southern California, San Francisco and Seattle.  We also have investments (in the aggregate about 11.9% of our NOI at  December 31, 2013 ) in the two core markets of South Florida and Denver but do not currently intend to acquire or develop new assets in these markets. Further, we are in the process of exiting Phoenix and Orlando and will use sales proceeds from these markets to acquire and/or develop new assets and for other corporate purposes.  As part of its strategy, the Company purchases completed and fully occupied apartment properties, partially completed or partially occupied properties and takes options on land or acquires land on which apartment properties can be constructed.  We intend to hold a diversified portfolio of assets across our target markets.  As of  December 31, 2013 , no single market/metropolitan area accounted for more than 18.6% of our NOI, though no guarantee can be made that NOI concentration may not increase in the future.   We endeavor to attract and retain the best employees by providing them with the education, resources and opportunities to succeed. We provide many classroom and on-line training courses to assist our employees in interacting with prospects and residents as well as extensively train our customer service specialists in maintaining our properties and improvements, equipment and appliances. We actively promote from within and many senior corporate and property leaders have risen from entry level or junior positions. We monitor our employees' engagement by surveying them annually and have consistently received high engagement scores. We have a commitment to sustainability and consider the environmental impacts of our business activities. Sustainability and social responsibility are key drivers in our focus in creating the best apartment communities for residents to live, work and play. We have a dedicated in-house team that initiates and applies sustainable practices in all aspects of our business, including investment activities, development, property operations and property management activities.  With its high density, multifamily  8 Table of Contents housing is, by its nature, an environmentally friendly property type. Our recent acquisition and development activities have been primarily concentrated in pedestrian-friendly urban locations near public transportation. When developing and renovating our properties, we strive to reduce energy and water usage by investing in energy saving technology while positively impacting the experience of our residents and the value of our assets.  We continue to implement a combination of irrigation, lighting, HVAC and renewable energy improvements at our properties that will reduce energy and water consumption. For additional information regarding our  sustainability efforts, see our December 2013 Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Report at our website,  www.equityresidential.com . Competition All of the Company's properties are located in developed areas that include other multifamily properties. The number of competitive multifamily properties in a particular area could have a material effect on the Company's ability to lease apartment units at its properties and on the rents charged. The Company may be competing with other entities that have greater resources than the Company and whose managers have more experience than the Company's managers. In addition, other forms of rental properties and single family housing provide housing alternatives to potential residents of multifamily properties. See Item 1A.  Risk Factors  for additional information with respect to competition. Archstone Transaction On February 27, 2013, the Company, AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (“AVB”) and certain of their respective subsidiaries completed their previously announced acquisition (the “Archstone Acquisition” or the "Archstone Transaction") from Archstone Enterprise LP (“Enterprise”) (which subsequently changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP), an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. (“Lehman”) and its affiliates, of all of the assets of Enterprise (including interests in various entities affiliated with Enterprise), constituting a portfolio of apartment properties and other assets (the “Archstone Portfolio”).  As a result of the Archstone Acquisition, the Company owns assets representing approximately 60% of the Archstone Portfolio.  The consideration paid by the Company in connection with the Archstone Acquisition consisted of cash of approximately $4.0 billion (inclusive of $2.0 billion of Archstone secured mortgage principal paid off in conjunction with the closing), 34,468,085 Common Shares (which shares had a total value of $1.9 billion based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR common shares of $55.99 per share) issued to the seller and the assumption of approximately $3.1 billion of mortgage debt (inclusive of a net mark-to-market premium of $127.9 million) and approximately 60% of all of the other assets and liabilities related to the Archstone Portfolio.  See Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Debt and Equity Activity EQR issues public equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of ERPOP.  EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  In addition, ERPOP issues OP Units and preference interests ("Preference Units") from time to time. Please refer to Item 7,  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  for the Company’s and the Operating Partnership's Capital Structure charts as of  December 31, 2013 . Major Debt and Equity Activities for the Years Ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011   During  2013 : ▪ The Company assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $2.2 billion  of mortgage debt held in two Fannie Mae loan pools, consisting of  $1.2 billion  collateralized by  16  properties with an interest rate of  6.256%  and a maturity date of  November 1, 2017  ("Pool 3") and $963.5 million collateralized by  15  properties with an interest rate of  5.883%  and a maturity date of  November 1, 2014  ("Pool 4"). ▪ The Company paid down $825.0 million of Pool 3 mortgage debt and repaid $963.5 million of Pool 4 mortgage debt.  ▪ The Company assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $346.6 million  of tax-exempt bonds on  four  properties with interest rates ranging from SIFMA plus  0.860%  to SIFMA plus  1.402%  and maturity dates through  November 15, 2036 . ▪ The Company assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $339.0 million  of other mortgage debt on  three  properties with fixed interest rates ranging from  0.100%  to  5.240%  and maturity dates through  May 1, 2061 . ▪ The Company assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $34.1 million  of other mortgage debt on  one  property with a variable rate of LIBOR plus  1.75%  and a maturity date of  September 1, 2014 . ▪ The Company obtained  an  $800.0 million  secured loan from a large insurance company which matures on  November 10,  9 Table of Contents 2023 , is interest only and carries a fixed interest rate of  4.21%  and was used in part to pay down Pool 3. ▪ The Company repaid  $400.0 million  of  5.200%  unsecured notes at maturity. ▪ The Company issued  $500.0 million  of ten-year  3.00%  fixed rate public notes, receiving net proceeds of  $495.6 million  before underwriting fees and other expenses, at an all-in effective interest rate of  3.998% . ▪ The Company entered into a senior unsecured  $750.0 million  delayed draw term loan facility which was fully drawn on February 27, 2013 in connection with the Archstone acquisition.  The maturity date of January 11, 2015 is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company.  The interest rate on advances under the term loan facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently  1.20% ), which is dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. ▪ The Company issued 34,468,085 Common Shares to an affiliate of Lehman having a value of  $1.9 billion  (based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR Common Shares of  $55.99  per share) as partial consideration for the portion of the Archstone Portfolio acquired by the Company.  Lehman has since sold all of these Common Shares. ▪ The Company issued 586,017 Common Shares pursuant to its Share Incentive Plans and received net proceeds of approximately $17.3 million. ▪ The Company issued 73,468 Common Shares pursuant to its Employee Share Purchase Plan and received net proceeds of approximately $3.4 million. During  2012 : • The Company repaid $253.9 million of 6.625% unsecured notes and $222.1 million of 5.500% unsecured notes, both at maturity. • The Company repaid its $500.0 million term loan at maturity.  • The Company issued  21,850,000  Common Shares at a price of  $54.75  per share for total consideration of approximately  $1.2 billion , after deducting underwriting commissions of  $35.9 million .  See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. ▪ The Company issued 3,173,919 Common Shares at an average price of $60.59 per share for total consideration of $192.3 million pursuant to its At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program. See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. ▪ The Company issued 1,608,427 Common Shares pursuant to its Share Incentive Plans and received net proceeds of approximately $49.0 million. ▪ The Company issued  1,081,797  OP Units having a value of  $66.6 million  (based on the closing price for Common Shares of  $61.57  on such date) as partial consideration for the acquisition of one rental property. ▪ The Company issued 110,054 Common Shares pursuant to its Employee Share Purchase Plan and received net proceeds of approximately $5.4 million. ▪ The Company redeemed its Series N Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares for cash consideration of $150.0 million plus accrued dividends through the redemption date. During  2011 : ▪ The Company redeemed  $482.5 million  of its  3.85%  unsecured notes with a final maturity of  2026  at par and no premium was paid and repaid $93.1 million of 6.95% unsecured notes at maturity. ▪ The Company issued  $1.0 billion  of ten-year  4.625%  fixed rate public notes in a public offering, receiving net proceeds of  $996.2 million  before underwriting fees and other expenses.  The notes have an all-in effective interest rate of approximately 6.2% after termination of various forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance (see Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion). ▪ The Company issued 3,866,666 Common Shares at an average price of $52.23 per share for total consideration of $201.9 million pursuant to its  ATM share offering program. See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. ▪ The Company issued 2,945,948 Common Shares pursuant to its Share Incentive Plans and received net proceeds of approximately $95.3 million. 10 Table of Contents ▪ The Company issued 113,107 Common Shares pursuant to its Employee Share Purchase Plan and received net proceeds of approximately $5.3 million. An unspecified amount of equity and debt securities remains available for issuance by EQR and ERPOP under a universal shelf registration statement that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on July 30, 2013 and expires on July 30, 2016.  In July 2013, the Board of Trustees also approved an increase to the amount of shares which may be offered under the ATM program to  13.0 million  Common Shares and extended the program maturity to July 2016.  Per the terms of ERPOP's partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2011 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2011 Plan"), and the Company filed a Form S-8 registration statement to register  12,980,741  Common Shares under this plan.  As of  December 31, 2013 ,  9,562,775  shares were available for future issuance.  See Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Credit Facilities EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  EQR guarantees the Operating Partnership’s  $750.0 million  senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility and also guarantees the Operating Partnership’s revolving credit facility up to the maximum amount and for the full term of the facility. In July 2011, the Company replaced its then existing  $1.425 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility which was scheduled to mature in  February 2012  with a new  $1.25 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on  July 13, 2014 , subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company.  The Company had the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional  $500.0 million  by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments.  On January 6, 2012, the Company amended this credit facility to increase available borrowings by an additional  $500.0 million  to  $1.75 billion  with all other terms, including the July 13, 2014 maturity date, remaining the same.  The interest rate on advances under the credit facility was generally LIBOR plus a spread ( 1.15% ) and the Company paid an annual facility fee of  0.2% .  Both the spread and the facility fee were dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt.  On January 11, 2013, the Company replaced its existing $1.75 billion credit facility with a new $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing April 1, 2018.  The interest rate on advances under the new credit facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 1.05%) and an annual facility fee (currently 15 basis points).  Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt.     As of  February 21, 2014 , the amount available on the $2.5 billion credit facility was  $2.1 billion  (net of  $34.9 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $360.0 million outstanding).  As of  December 31, 2013 , the amount available on the $2.5 billion credit facility was  $2.35 billion  (net of  $34.9 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of  $115.0 million  outstanding).  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the weighted average interest rate was  1.26% .  As of  December 31, 2012 , the amount available on the $1.75 billion credit facility was $1.72 billion (net of $30.2 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit) and there was no amount outstanding.  During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the weighted average interest rate was 1.35%.  Environmental Considerations S ee Item 1A.  Risk Factors  for information concerning the potential effects of environmental regulations on our operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors General References to "EQR" mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust ("REIT"), and references to "ERPOP" mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership. Unless otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP and the term “Operating Partnership” means collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP.  This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements.  You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7. The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner,  11 Table of Contents our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), Preference Units, OP Units, Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (“LTIP Units”) and our public unsecured debt. In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, LTIP Units and public unsecured debt together as our “securities” and the investors who own Shares/Units, OP/LTIP Units and public unsecured debt as our “security holders”. Our performance and securities value are subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. General  Real property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively illiquid. Numerous factors may adversely affect the economic performance and value of our properties and the ability to realize that value. These factors include changes in the global, national, regional and local economic climates, local conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to residents, competition from other multifamily properties and single family homes and changes in market rental rates. Our performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, all of which could increase over time. Sources of labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated. Also, the expenses of owning and operating a property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the property. We may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. When our residents decide to leave our apartments, whether because they decide not to renew their leases or they leave prior to their lease expiration date, we may not be able to relet their apartment units.  Even if the residents do renew or we can relet the apartment units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable than current lease terms.  If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.  If residents do not experience increases in their income, we may be unable to increase rent and/or delinquencies may increase.  Occupancy levels and market rents may be adversely affected by national and local economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and single family housing, rental housing subsidized by the government, other government programs that favor single family rental housing or owner occupied housing over multifamily rental housing, governmental regulations, slow or negative employment growth and household formation, the availability of low interest mortgages for single family home buyers, changes in social preferences and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond the Company's control. In addition, various state and local municipalities are considering and may continue to consider rent control legislation or take other actions which could limit our ability to raise rents. Finally, the federal government's policies, many of which may encourage home ownership, can increase competition and possibly limit our ability to raise rents. Consequently, our cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security holders could be reduced. The retail/commercial space at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents.  The long term nature of our retail/commercial leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates.  Also, when leases for our existing retail/commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Our properties compete with other properties with retail/commercial space. The presence of competitive alternatives may affect our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain.  If our retail/commercial tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.  The revenues from our retail/commercial space represent approximately 4% of our total rental income.   We increased our concentration of properties in certain core markets as a result of the Archstone Transaction, which could have an adverse effect on our operations if a particular market is adversely affected by economic or other conditions. As a result of the Archstone Transaction, we increased our concentration of properties in certain core markets as a result of our strategy to reposition our portfolio from low barrier to entry/non-core markets to high barrier to entry/core markets. If any one or more of such core markets, such as Washington D.C., Southern California, New York or San Francisco,  is adversely affected by local or regional economic conditions (such as business layoffs, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors) or local real estate conditions (such as oversupply of or reduced demand for multifamily properties), such conditions may have an increased adverse impact on our results of operations than if our portfolio was more geographically diverse. 12 Table of Contents Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. We may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions. This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to make distributions to our security holders. New acquisitions, development projects and/or rehabs may fail to perform as expected and competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties. We intend to actively acquire, develop and rehab multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate.  We may also acquire multifamily properties that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease up.  We may be unable to lease up these apartment properties on schedule, resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues and/or lower yields due to lower occupancy and rates as well as higher than expected concessions. We may not be able to achieve rents that are consistent with expectations for acquired, developed or rehabbed properties. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position, to complete a development property or to complete a rehab. Additionally, we expect that other real estate investors with capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. This competition (or lack thereof) may increase (or depress) prices for multifamily properties. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms.  We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios, that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. The total number of apartment units under development, costs of development and estimated completion dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation. In connection with such government regulation, we may incur liability if our properties are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners. We currently do and may continue in the future to develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when we believe circumstances warrant the use of such structures.  A portion of the assets acquired in the Archstone Transaction were acquired through joint ventures with AVB that neither we nor AVB control solely.  Joint venture investments, including the joint ventures with AVB, involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following: • our joint venture partners might experience financial distress, become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which may delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture; • we may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses;  • our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property; • we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property; • our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose; • our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted without prior consent of our joint venture partners;  13 Table of Contents • we may disagree with our joint venture partners about decisions affecting a property or the joint venture, which could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and • we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments. At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners.  Frequently, we and our partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners' interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction.  Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate and recognize attractive returns on our joint venture investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and distributions to our shareholders.  Several of the assets we acquired in the Archstone Transaction along with certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures with AVB as part of the Archstone Transaction are subject to tax protection agreements, which could limit our flexibility with respect to our ownership of such assets or cause us to incur material costs. Several of the assets we acquired in the Archstone Transaction were contributed to Archstone subject to various agreements limiting the ability of the owner of the property to take actions that would trigger income tax liability for the contributing owner of the property, including a taxable disposition of the property. In addition, we will also be required to maintain a certain amount of qualified nonrecourse financing on the tax protected properties during their respective restricted periods. Our obligations relating to the tax protected properties may affect the way in which we conduct our business, including whether, when and under what circumstances we sell properties or interests therein and the timing and nature of our financings and refinancing transactions. As a result, we may not be able to dispose of or refinance the tax protected properties when to do so may have otherwise been favorable to us and our shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  Certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures with AVB as part of the Archstone Transaction have complex tax requirements that, if violated, may cause us to be required to indemnify the preferred stockholders for certain tax protection costs. Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares. The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange, on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares could be similarly volatile, and investors in our Common Shares may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including but not limited to the following:  • general market and economic conditions; • actual or anticipated variations in our guidance, quarterly operating results or dividends; • changes in our funds from operations, normalized funds from operations or earnings estimates; • difficulties or inability to access capital or extend or refinance debt; • large portfolio acquisitions or dispositions;  • decreasing (or uncertainty in) real estate valuations; • rising crime rates in markets where our increasingly urban portfolio is concentrated; • a change in analyst ratings; • adverse market reaction to any additional debt we incur in the future; • governmental regulatory action, including changes or proposed changes to the mandates of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and changes in tax laws; • the issuance of additional Common Shares, or the perception that such issuances might occur, including under EQR's ATM program; and • the resale of substantial amounts of our common shares, or the anticipation of the resale of such shares, by large holders of our securities.  14 Table of Contents We may not have sufficient cash flows from operations after capital expenditures to cover our distributions and our dividend policy may lead to quicker dividend reductions. We generally consider our cash flows provided by operating activities after capital expenditures to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payment of distributions to our security holders. However, there may be times when we experience shortfalls in our coverage of distributions, which may cause us to consider reducing our distributions and/or using the proceeds from property dispositions or additional financing transactions to make up the difference. Should these shortfalls occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, our financial condition may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain our current distribution levels. While our current dividend policy makes it less likely we will over distribute, it will also lead to a dividend reduction more quickly should operating results deteriorate.  See Item 7 for additional discussion regarding our dividend policy. The value of investment securities could result in losses to the Company. From time to time, the Company holds investment securities and/or cash investments that have various levels of repayment and liquidity risk, including government obligations and bond funds, money market funds or bank deposits. On occasion we also may purchase securities of companies in our own industry as a means to invest funds. There may be times when we experience declines in the value of these investment securities, which may result in losses to the Company and our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. Sometimes the cash we deposit at a bank substantially exceeds the FDIC insurance limit or we invest cash in money market or similar type funds with investment management institutions resulting in risk to the Company of loss of funds if these banks or institutions fail. Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our share price. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our share price.  The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Our primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our reputation, damage to our business relationships with our residents/tenants and private data exposure. We have implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Changes in laws and litigation risk could affect our business. We are generally not able to pass through to our residents under existing leases any real estate or other federal, state or local taxes. Consequently, any such tax increases may adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to make distributions to our security holders.  We may become involved in legal proceedings, including but not limited to, proceedings related to consumer, shareholder, employment, environmental, development, condominium conversion, tort and commercial legal issues that, if decided adversely to or settled by us, could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations. Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at such property. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation  15 Table of Contents and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Substantially all of our properties have been the subject of environmental assessments completed by qualified independent environmental consulting companies. While these environmental assessments have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that our management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future. There have been an increasing number of lawsuits against owners and managers of multifamily properties alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. As some of these lawsuits have resulted in substantial monetary judgments or settlements, insurance carriers have reacted by excluding mold-related claims from standard policies and pricing mold endorsements at prohibitively high rates. While we have adopted programs designed to minimize the existence of mold in any of our properties as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold to minimize any impact mold might have on our residents or the property, should mold become an issue in the future, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties. Climate change To the extent that climate change does occur, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.   Insurance policy deductibles, exclusions and counterparties      As of December 31, 2013, the Company's property insurance policies provide for a per occurrence deductible of $250,000 and a self-insured retention of $5.0 million per occurrence, subject to a maximum annual aggregate self-insured retention of $7.5 million for “all risk” losses.  Any earthquake and named windstorm losses in critical areas are subject to a deductible of 5% of the values of the buildings involved in the losses and are not subject to the aggregate self-insured retention. The Company also typically self-insures a substantial portion of the first $50 million of a property loss in excess of these base deductibles and self-insured retentions.  Should a claim exceed these amounts, it would be 100% covered by insurance. The Company's general liability and worker's compensation policies at December 31, 2013 provide for a $2.0 million and $1.0 million per occurrence deductible, respectively.  These higher deductible and self-insured retention amounts do expose the Company to greater potential uninsured losses.  The Company also has become more susceptible to large losses as it has transformed its portfolio, becoming more concentrated in fewer, more valuable assets over a smaller geographical footprint.  Furthermore, the potential impact of climate change, increased severe weather or earthquakes could cause a significant increase in insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage, either of which could expose the Company to even greater uninsured losses which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. The Company also has $750.0 million in terrorism insurance coverage, with a $100,000 deductible. This coverage excludes losses from nuclear, biological and chemical attacks. In the event of a terrorist attack impacting one or more of our properties, we could lose the revenues from the property, our capital investment in the property and possibly face liability claims from residents or others suffering injuries or losses.  As of December 31, 2013, the Company's cyber liability insurance policy provides for a per occurrence deductible of $250,000 and a $5.0 million general limit.  Cyber liability insurance generally covers costs associated with the wrongful release,  16 Table of Contents through inadvertent breach or network attack, of personally identifiable information such as social security or credit card numbers.   This cyber policy would cover the cost of victim notification, credit monitoring and other crisis response expenses. The Company relies on third party insurance providers for its property, general liability and worker's compensation insurance. While there has yet to be any non-performance by these major insurance providers, should any of them experience liquidity issues or other financial distress, it could negatively impact the Company. In addition, the Company annually assesses its insurance needs based on the cost of coverage and other factors. We may choose to self insure a greater portion of this risk in the future or may choose to have higher deductibles or lesser policy terms. The inability of Lehman to fulfill its indemnification obligations to us under the purchase agreement for the Archstone Transaction could increase our liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.   In addition to certain indemnification obligations of each party to the purchase agreement for the Archstone Transaction relating to breaches of fundamental representations and warranties and breaches of covenants and certain other specified matters, we negotiated as a term in the purchase agreement that Lehman retain responsibility for and indemnify us against damages resulting from certain third-party claims or other liabilities. These third-party claims and other liabilities include, without limitation, costs associated with various litigation matters. Lehman filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in September 2008 and is currently in the process of post-petition liquidation. If Lehman completes its liquidation prior to the termination of their indemnity obligations to us under the purchase agreement, or otherwise distributes substantially all of its assets to its creditors prior to such time, Lehman may not be able to satisfy its obligations with respect to claims and retained liabilities covered by the purchase agreement. The failure of Lehman to satisfy such obligations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition because claimants may successfully assert that we are liable for those claims and/or retained liabilities. In addition, we expect that certain obligations of Lehman to indemnify us will terminate upon expiration of the applicable indemnification period (generally no more than three years following the closing). The assertion of third-party claims after the expiration of the applicable indemnification period, or the failure of Lehman to satisfy its indemnification obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  Non-performance by our operating counterparties could adversely affect our performance. We have relationships with and, from time to time, we execute transactions with or receive services from many counterparties. As a result, defaults by counterparties could result in services not being provided, or volatility in the financial markets could affect counterparties' ability to complete transactions with us as intended, both of which could result in disruptions to our operations that may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Debt financing and preferred shares/preference units could adversely affect our performance. General Please refer to Item 7,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for the Company's total debt and unsecured debt summaries as of  December 31, 2013 . In addition to debt, we have a liquidation value of $50.0 million of outstanding preferred shares of beneficial interest/preference units with a dividend preference of 8.29% per annum as of  December 31, 2013 . Our use of debt and preferred equity financing creates certain risks, including the following: Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions. Dislocations and liquidity disruptions in capital and credit markets could impact liquidity in the debt markets, resulting in financing terms that are less attractive to us and/or the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. Should the capital and credit markets experience volatility and the availability of funds again become limited, or be available only on unattractive terms, we will incur increased costs associated with issuing debt instruments. In addition, it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited or precluded by these or other factors at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which would adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions. Uncertainty in the credit markets could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions and make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing.  Potential continued disruptions in the financial markets could also have other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy generally and may cause the price of our  17 Table of Contents securities to fluctuate significantly and/or to decline. Potential reforms to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could adversely affect our performance. There is significant uncertainty surrounding the futures of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the “Government Sponsored Enterprises” or “GSEs”) and recent changes in leadership of the GSEs' regulator has heightened this uncertainty. Through their lender originator networks, the GSEs are significant lenders both to the Company and to buyers of the Company's properties. The GSEs have a mandate to support multifamily housing through their financing activities. Should the GSEs have their mandates changed or reduced, materially change their lending terms, lose key personnel, be disbanded or reorganized by the government or otherwise discontinue providing liquidity to our sector, it would significantly reduce our access to secured debt capital and/or increase borrowing costs and would significantly reduce our sales of assets and/or the values realized upon sale. During the first quarter of 2013, the regulator of the GSEs required the GSEs to decrease their 2013 multifamily lending activities by 10% compared to 2012 levels and it is not clear if further reductions will be mandated. The GSEs' regulator may require the GSEs to focus more of their lending activities on properties that the regulator deems affordable, which may or may not include the Company's assets. Disruptions in the floating rate tax-exempt bond market (where interest rates reset weekly) and in the credit market's perception of the GSEs, which guarantee and provide liquidity for many of these bonds, have been experienced in the past and may be experienced in the future and could result in an increase in interest rates on these debt obligations.  These bonds could also be put to our consolidated subsidiaries if the GSEs fail to satisfy their guaranty obligations.  While this obligation is in almost all cases non-recourse to us, this could cause the Company to have to repay these obligations on short notice or risk foreclosure actions on the collateralized assets. Non-performance by our financial counterparties could adversely affect our performance. Although we have not experienced any material counterparty non-performance, disruptions in financial and credit markets could, among other things, impede the ability of our counterparties to perform on their contractual obligations. There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to lend us varying amounts as part of our revolving credit facility. Should any of these institutions fail to fund their committed amounts when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Should several of these institutions fail to fund, we could experience significant financial distress.  The Company also has developed assets with joint venture partners which were financed by financial institutions that have experienced varying degrees of distress in the past and could experience similar distress as economic conditions change. If one or more of these lenders fail to fund when contractually required, the Company or its joint venture partner may be unable to complete construction of its development properties.   A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the revolving credit facility or requiring repayment of our delayed draw term loan facility, would cause our borrowing costs to increase under the revolving credit facility and also under our delayed draw term loan facility and impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, or otherwise limit our access to capital. In addition, a downgrade below investment grade would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders' requirements at the lower ratings level. Scheduled debt payments could adversely affect our financial condition. In the future, our cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest or to pay distributions on our securities at expected levels. We may not be able to refinance existing debt, including joint venture indebtedness (which in virtually all cases requires substantial principal payments at maturity) and, if we can, the terms of such refinancing might not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or paid with proceeds of other capital transactions, such as new equity capital, our operating cash flow will not be sufficient in all years to repay all maturing debt. As a result, certain of our other debt may cross default, we may be forced to postpone capital expenditures necessary for the maintenance of our properties, we may have to dispose of one or more properties on terms that would otherwise be unacceptable to us or we may be forced to allow the mortgage holder to foreclose on a property.  Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to refinance existing indebtedness would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Please refer to Item 7,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for the  18 Table of Contents Company's debt maturity schedule as of  December 31, 2013 . Financial covenants could adversely affect the Company's financial condition. The mortgages on our properties may contain customary negative covenants that, among other things, limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the property and to reduce or change insurance coverage. In addition, our unsecured credit facilities contain certain restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur debt. The indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued also contain certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios, as well as limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt (including acquisition financing), and to sell all or substantially all of our assets. Our credit facilities and indentures are cross-defaulted and also contain cross default provisions with other material debt. While the Company believes it was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , should it fall out of compliance, it would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Some of the properties were financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain certain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements.  The Company, and from time to time its consultants, monitor compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties. If these compliance requirements restrict our ability to increase our rental rates to low or moderate-income residents, or eligible/qualified residents, then our income from these properties may be limited. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case.  Some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing. Our degree of leverage could have important consequences to security holders. For example, the degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes, making us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy in general. Our consolidated debt-to-total market capitalization ratio was 35.6% as of  December 31, 2013 .  In addition, our most restrictive unsecured public debt covenants are as follows:     December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 Total Debt to Adjusted Total Assets (not to exceed 60%)   40.0 %   38.6 % Secured Debt to Adjusted Total Assets (not to exceed 40%)   19.2 %   17.6 % Consolidated Income Available for Debt Service to         Maximum Annual Service Charges         (must be at least 1.5 to 1)   3.07   3.00 Total Unsecured Assets to Unsecured Debt         (must be at least 150%)   326.9 %   346.3 % Rising interest rates could adversely affect cash flow. Advances under our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates based upon LIBOR at various interest periods, plus a spread dependent upon the Operating Partnership's credit rating, or based upon bids received from the lending group.  Certain public issuances of our senior unsecured debt instruments may also, from time to time, bear interest at floating rates. We may also borrow additional money with variable interest rates in the future. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these debt instruments and would increase the costs of refinancing existing debt and of issuing new debt. Accordingly, higher interest rates could adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to security holders. Derivatives and hedging activity could adversely affect cash flow. In the normal course of business, we use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on debt instruments, including hedging for future debt issuances.  At other times we may utilize derivatives to increase our exposure to floating interest rates. We may also use derivatives to manage our exposure to foreign exchange rates or manage commodity prices in the daily operations of our business.  There can be no assurance that these hedging arrangements will have the desired beneficial impact. These arrangements, which can include a number of counterparties, may expose us to additional risks, including failure of any of our counterparties to perform under these contracts, and may involve extensive costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs,  19 Table of Contents if we terminate them. No strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate, foreign exchange or commodity pricing fluctuations. We depend on our key personnel. We depend on the efforts of the Chairman of our Board of Trustees, Samuel Zell, and our executive officers, particularly David J. Neithercut, our President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). If they resign or otherwise cease to be employed by us, our operations could be temporarily adversely affected. Mr. Zell has entered into retirement benefit and noncompetition agreements with the Company. Control and influence by significant security holders could be exercised in a manner adverse to other security holders. The consent of certain affiliates of Mr. Zell is required for certain amendments to the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership (the “Partnership Agreement”). As a result of their security ownership and rights concerning amendments to the Partnership Agreement, the security holders referred to herein may have influence over the Company. Although to the Company's knowledge these security holders have not agreed to act together on any matter, they would be in a position to exercise even more influence over the Company's affairs if they were to act together in the future. This influence could conceivably be exercised in a manner that is inconsistent with the interests of other security holders. For additional information regarding the security ownership of our trustees, including Mr. Zell, and our executive officers, see Equity Residential's definitive proxy statement. Shareholders' ability to effect changes in control of the Company is limited. Provisions of our declaration of trust and bylaws could inhibit changes in control. Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or other transactions that could provide the security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders. This includes the 5% Ownership Limit described below. While our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have these provisions, any future series of preferred shares/preference units may have certain voting provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. Our Bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities. These requirements could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes. To remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than 5% of the lesser of the number or value of the outstanding class of common or preferred shares. We refer to this restriction as the “Ownership Limit.” Absent any exemption or waiver granted by our Board of Trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the Ownership Limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder's rights to distributions and to vote would terminate. A transfer of Shares may be void if it causes a person to violate the Ownership Limit. The Ownership Limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could adversely affect our security holders' ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their Shares. To reduce the ability of the Board to use the Ownership Limit as an anti-takeover device, the Company's Ownership Limit requires, rather than permits, the Board to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company's status as a REIT. We have issued several of these waivers in the past.  Our preferred shares may affect changes in control. Our Declaration of Trust authorizes the Board of Trustees to issue up to 100 million preferred shares, and to establish the preferences and rights (including the right to vote and the right to convert into common shares) of any preferred shares issued. The Board of Trustees may use its powers to issue preferred shares and to set the terms of such securities to delay or prevent a change in control of the Company, even if a change in control were in the interest of security holders. 20 Table of Contents Inapplicability of Maryland law limiting certain changes in control. Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to real estate investment trusts prohibit “business combinations” (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an affiliate who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company's outstanding voting securities (an “Interested Shareholder”), or with an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder. After the five-year period, a business combination with an Interested Shareholder must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the Interested Shareholder for its common shares. As permitted by Maryland law, however, the Board of Trustees of the Company has opted out of these restrictions with respect to any business combination involving Mr. Zell and certain of his affiliates and persons acting in concert with them. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to a business combination involving us and/or any of them. Such business combinations may not be in the best interest of our security holders. Our success as a REIT is dependent on compliance with federal income tax requirements. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders. We believe that we have qualified for taxation as a REIT for federal income tax purposes since our taxable year ended December 31, 1992 based, in part, upon opinions of tax counsel received whenever we have issued equity securities or engaged in significant merger transactions. We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. For example, to qualify as a REIT, our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. The fact that we hold our assets through the Operating Partnership further complicates the application of the REIT requirements. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status; however, the REIT qualification rules permit REITs in certain circumstances to pay a monetary penalty for inadvertent mistakes rather than lose REIT status. There is also risk that Congress and the IRS might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult, or impossible, for us to remain qualified as a REIT. We do not believe, however, that any pending or proposed tax law changes would jeopardize our REIT status.  If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the IRS granted us relief under certain statutory provisions, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would have to pay significant income taxes. We therefore would have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities. In addition, we would no longer be required to make any distributions to security holders. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we are and will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. In addition, various business activities which generate income that is not qualifying income for a REIT are conducted through taxable REIT subsidiaries and will be subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent they generate taxable income. We could be disqualified as a REIT or have to pay taxes if our merger partners did not qualify as REITs. If any of our prior merger partners had failed to qualify as a REIT throughout the duration of their existence, then they might have had undistributed “Subchapter C corporation earnings and profits” at the time of their merger with us. If that was the case and we did not distribute those earnings and profits prior to the end of the year in which the merger took place, we might not qualify as a REIT. We believe, based in part upon opinions of legal counsel received pursuant to the terms of our merger agreements as well as our own investigations, among other things, that each of our prior merger partners qualified as a REIT and that, in any event, none of them had any undistributed “Subchapter C corporation earnings and profits” at the time of their merger with us. If any of our prior merger partners failed to qualify as a REIT, an additional concern would be that they could have been required to recognize taxable gain at the time they merged with us. We would be liable for the tax on such gain. We also could have to pay corporate income tax on any gain existing at the time of the applicable merger on assets acquired in the merger if the assets are sold within ten years of the merger.   21 Table of Contents Compliance with REIT distribution requirements may affect our financial condition. Distribution requirements may increase the indebtedness of the Company. We may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received. In such event, or upon our repayment of principal on debt, we could have taxable income without sufficient cash to enable us to meet the distribution requirements of a REIT. Accordingly, we could be required to borrow funds or liquidate investments on adverse terms in order to meet these distribution requirements. Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company. In past years we have made, and under certain circumstances may consider making again in the future, a tax election to treat future distributions to shareholders as distributions in the current year. This election, which is provided for in the Internal Revenue Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year. However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. Federal Income Tax Considerations General The following discussion summarizes the federal income tax considerations material to a holder of common shares. It is not exhaustive of all possible tax considerations. For example, it does not give a detailed discussion of any state, local or foreign tax considerations. The following discussion also does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to prospective shareholders in light of their particular circumstances. Moreover, it does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to shareholders who are subject to special treatment under the tax laws, such as insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers, foreign corporations, persons who are not citizens or residents of the United States and persons who own shares through a partnership or other entity treated as a flow-through entity for federal income tax purposes. The specific tax attributes of a particular shareholder could have a material impact on the tax considerations associated with the purchase, ownership and disposition of common shares. Therefore, it is essential that each prospective shareholder consult with his or her own tax advisors with regard to the application of the federal income tax laws to the shareholder's personal tax situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction. The information in this section is based on the current Internal Revenue Code, current, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, the legislative history of the Internal Revenue Code, current administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service, including its practices and policies as set forth in private letter rulings, which are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service, and existing court decisions. Future legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions could change current law or adversely affect existing interpretations of current law. Any change could apply retroactively. Thus, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service could challenge the statements in this discussion, which do not bind the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and that a court could agree with the Internal Revenue Service. Our taxation We elected REIT status beginning with the year that ended December 31, 1992. In any year in which we qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our REIT taxable income or capital gain that we distribute to our shareholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that applies to most corporations, which pay a tax on their income and then distribute dividends to shareholders who are in turn taxed on the amount they receive. We elected taxable REIT subsidiary status for certain of our corporate subsidiaries engaged in activities which cannot be performed directly by a REIT, such as condominium conversion and sale activities. As a result, we will be subject to federal income tax on the taxable income generated by these activities in our taxable REIT subsidiaries. We will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates upon our REIT taxable income or capital gains that we do not distribute to our shareholders. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax if we do not satisfy specific REIT distribution requirements. We could also be subject to the “alternative minimum tax” on our items of tax preference. In addition, any net income from “prohibited transactions” (i.e., dispositions of property, other than property held by a taxable REIT subsidiary, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business) will be subject to a 100% tax. We could also be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain payments received from or on certain expenses deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary if any such  22 Table of Contents transaction is not respected by the Internal Revenue Service. If we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test (described below) but have maintained our qualification as a REIT because we satisfied certain other requirements, we will still generally be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the taxable income attributable to the gross income that caused the income test failure. If we fail to satisfy any of the REIT asset tests (described below) by more than a  de minimis  amount, due to reasonable cause, and we nonetheless maintain our REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest marginal corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets. If we fail to satisfy any provision of the Internal Revenue Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT (other than a violation of the REIT gross income or asset tests described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause, we may retain our REIT qualification but we will be required to pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure. Moreover, we may be subject to taxes in certain situations and on certain transactions that we do not presently contemplate. We believe that we have qualified as a REIT for all of our taxable years beginning with 1992. We also believe that our current structure and method of operation is such that we will continue to qualify as a REIT. However, given the complexity of the REIT qualification requirements, we cannot provide any assurance that the actual results of our operations have satisfied or will satisfy the requirements under the Internal Revenue Code for a particular year. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year and the relief provisions described herein do not apply, we will be subject to tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We also may be subject to the corporate “alternative minimum tax.” As a result, our failure to qualify as a REIT would significantly reduce the cash we have available to distribute to our shareholders. Unless entitled to statutory relief, we would not be able to re-elect to be taxed as a REIT until our fifth taxable year after the year of disqualification. It is not possible to state whether we would be entitled to statutory relief. Our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend on our ability to satisfy various requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. We are required to satisfy these requirements on a continuing basis through actual annual operating and other results. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to operate in a manner so as to remain qualified as a REIT. Ownership of Taxable REIT Subsidiaries by Us .  The Internal Revenue Code provides that REITs may own greater than ten percent of the voting power and value of the securities of a “taxable REIT subsidiary” or “TRS”, provided that the aggregate value of all of the TRS securities held by the REIT does not exceed 25% of the REIT's total asset value.  TRSs are corporations subject to tax as a regular “C” corporation that have elected, jointly with a REIT, to be a TRS. Generally, a taxable REIT subsidiary may own assets that cannot otherwise be owned by a REIT and can perform impermissible tenant services (discussed below), which would otherwise taint our rental income under the REIT income tests. However, the REIT will be obligated to pay a 100% penalty tax on some payments that we receive or on certain expenses deducted by our TRSs if the economic arrangements between us, our tenants and the TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. A TRS may also receive income from prohibited transactions without incurring the 100% federal income tax liability imposed on REITs. Income from prohibited transactions may include the purchase and sale of land, the purchase and sale of completed development properties and the sale of condominium units. TRSs pay federal and state income tax at the full applicable corporate rates. The amount of taxes paid on impermissible tenant services income and the sale of real estate held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business may be material in amount. The TRSs will attempt to reduce, if possible, the amount of these taxes, but we cannot guarantee whether, or the extent to which, measures taken to reduce these taxes will be successful. To the extent that these companies are required to pay taxes, less cash may be available for distributions to shareholders. Share Ownership Test and Organizational Requirement .  In order to qualify as a REIT, our shares of beneficial interest must be held by a minimum of 100 persons for at least 335 days of a taxable year that is 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. Also, not more than 50% in value of our shares of beneficial interest may be owned directly or indirectly by applying certain constructive ownership rules, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of each taxable year. In addition, we must meet certain other organizational requirements, including, but not limited to, that (i) the beneficial ownership in us is evidenced by transferable shares and (ii) we are managed by one or more trustees. We believe that we have satisfied all of these tests and all other organizational requirements and that we will continue to do so in the future. In order to ensure compliance with the 100 person test and the 50% share ownership test discussed above, we have placed certain restrictions on the transfer of our shares that are intended to prevent further concentration of share ownership. However, such restrictions may not prevent us from failing these requirements, and thereby failing to qualify as a REIT. Gross Income Tests .  To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests: (1) At least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year must generally be derived directly or indirectly from rents  23 Table of Contents from real property, interest on obligations secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property, gain from the sale or other disposition of non-dealer real property and shares of REIT stock, dividends paid by another REIT and from some types of temporary investments (excluding certain hedging income). (2) At least 95% of our gross income for each taxable year must generally be derived from sources qualifying under the 75% test described in (1) above, non-REIT dividends, non-real estate mortgage interest and gain from the sale or disposition of non-REIT stock or securities (excluding certain hedging income). To qualify as rents from real property for the purpose of satisfying the gross income tests, rental payments must generally be received from unrelated persons and not be based on the net income of the resident. Also, the rent attributable to personal property must not exceed 15% of the total rent. We may generally provide services to residents without “tainting” our rental income only if such services are “usually or customarily rendered” in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered “impermissible services”. If such services are impermissible, then we may generally provide them only if they are considered de minimis in amount, or are provided through an independent contractor from whom we derive no revenue and that meets other requirements, or through a taxable REIT subsidiary. We believe that services provided to residents by us either are usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered impermissible, or, if considered impermissible services, will meet the  de minimis  test or will be provided by an independent contractor or taxable REIT subsidiary. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with these positions. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for the year if we are entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. In this case, a penalty tax would still be applicable as discussed above. Generally, it is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions and in the event these relief provisions do not apply, we will not qualify as a REIT. Asset Tests .  In general, on the last day of each quarter of our taxable year, we must satisfy four tests relating to the nature of our assets:    (1) At least 75% of the value of our total assets must consist of real estate assets (which include for this purpose shares in other real estate investment trusts) and certain cash related items; (2) Not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may consist of securities other than those in the 75% asset class; (3) Except for securities included in item 1 above, equity investments in other REITs, qualified REIT subsidiaries (i.e., corporations owned 100% by a REIT that are not TRSs or REITs), or taxable REIT subsidiaries: (a) the value of any one issuer's securities owned by us may not exceed 5% of the value of our total assets and (b) we may not own securities representing more than 10% of the voting power or value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer; and (4) Not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may consist of securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. The 10% value test described in clause (3)(b) above does not apply to certain securities that fall within a safe harbor under the Code. Under the safe harbor, the following are not considered “securities” held by us for purposes of this 10% value test: (i) straight debt securities, (ii) any loan of an individual or an estate, (iii) certain rental agreements for the use of tangible property, (iv) any obligation to pay rents from real property, (v) any security issued by a state or any political subdivision thereof, foreign government or Puerto Rico only if the determination of any payment under such security is not based on the profits of another entity or payments on any obligation issued by such other entity, or (vi) any security issued by a REIT. The timing and payment of interest or principal on a security qualifying as straight debt may be subject to a contingency provided that (A) such contingency does not change the effective yield to maturity, not considering a  de minimis  change which does not exceed the greater of ¼ of 1% or 5% of the annual yield to maturity or we own $1,000,000 or less of the aggregate issue price or value of the particular issuer's debt and not more than 12 months of unaccrued interest can be required to be prepaid or (B) the contingency is consistent with commercial practice and the contingency is effective upon a default or the exercise of a prepayment right by the issuer of the debt. If we hold indebtedness from any issuer, including a REIT, the indebtedness will be subject to, and may cause a violation of, the asset tests, unless it is a qualifying real estate asset or otherwise satisfies the above safe harbor. We currently own equity interests in certain entities that have elected to be taxed as REITs for federal income tax purposes and are not publicly traded. If any such entity were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not meet the 10% voting stock limitation and the 10% value limitation and we would, unless certain relief provisions applied, fail to qualify as a REIT. We believe that we and each of the REITs we own an interest in have and will comply with the foregoing asset tests for REIT qualification. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with our determinations. If we fail to satisfy the 5% or 10% asset tests described above after a 30-day cure period provided in the Internal Revenue Code, we will be deemed to have met such tests if the value of our non-qualifying assets is  de minimis  (i.e., does not exceed the lesser of 1% of the total value of our assets at the end of the applicable quarter or $10,000,000) and we dispose of the non-qualifying  24 Table of Contents assets within six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered. For violations due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that are in excess of the  de minimis  exception described above, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT under any of the asset tests, after the 30-day cure period, by disposing of sufficient assets to meet the asset test within such six month period, paying a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets and disclosing certain information to the Internal Revenue Service. If we cannot avail ourselves of these relief provisions, or if we fail to timely cure any noncompliance with the asset tests, we would cease to qualify as a REIT.   Annual Distribution Requirements .  To qualify as a REIT, we are generally required to distribute dividends, other than capital gain dividends, to our shareholders each year in an amount at least equal to 90% of our REIT taxable income. These distributions must be paid either in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for the prior year and if paid with or before the first regular dividend payment date after the declaration is made. We intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy our annual distribution requirements. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, as adjusted, we are subject to tax on these amounts at regular corporate rates. We will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the sum of amounts actually distributed and amounts retained for which federal income tax was paid, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of:  (1) 85% of our REIT ordinary income for the year; (2) 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for the year; and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior taxable years. A REIT may elect to retain rather than distribute all or a portion of its net capital gains and pay the tax on the gains. In that case, a REIT may elect to have its shareholders include their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gains in income as long-term capital gains and receive a credit for their share of the tax paid by the REIT. For purposes of the 4% excise tax described above, any retained amounts would be treated as having been distributed. Ownership of Partnership Interests By Us .  As a result of our ownership of the Operating Partnership, we will be considered to own and derive our proportionate share of the assets and items of income of the Operating Partnership, respectively, for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, including its share of assets and items of income of any subsidiaries that are partnerships or limited liability companies. State and Local Taxes .  We may be subject to state or local taxation in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or reside. Generally REITs have seen increases in state and local taxes in recent years. Our state and local tax treatment may not conform to the federal income tax treatment discussed above. Consequently, prospective shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of state and local tax laws on an investment in common shares. Taxation of domestic shareholders subject to U.S. tax General .  If we qualify as a REIT, distributions made to our taxable domestic shareholders with respect to their common shares, other than capital gain distributions and distributions attributable to taxable REIT subsidiaries, will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the distributions come out of earnings and profits. These distributions will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction for shareholders that are corporations nor will they constitute “qualified dividend income” under the Internal Revenue Code, meaning that such dividends will be taxed at marginal rates applicable to ordinary income rather than the special capital gain rates currently applicable to qualified dividend income distributed to shareholders who satisfy applicable holding period requirements. In determining whether distributions are out of earnings and profits, we will allocate our earnings and profits first to preferred shares and second to the common shares. The portion of ordinary dividends which represent ordinary dividends we receive from a TRS, will be designated as “qualified dividend income” to REIT shareholders.  These qualified dividends are eligible for preferential tax rates if paid to our non-corporate shareholders. To the extent we make distributions to our taxable domestic shareholders in excess of our earnings and profits, such distributions will be considered a return of capital. Such distributions will be treated as a tax-free distribution and will reduce the tax basis of a shareholder's common shares by the amount of the distribution so treated. To the extent such distributions cumulatively exceed a taxable domestic shareholder's tax basis, such distributions are taxable as gain from the sale of shares. Shareholders may not include in their individual income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. Dividends declared by a REIT in October, November, or December are deemed to have been paid by the REIT and received by its shareholders on December 31 of that year, so long as the dividends are actually paid during January of the following year. However, this treatment only applies to the extent of the REIT's earnings and profits existing on December 31. To the extent the shareholder distribution paid in January exceeds available earnings and profits as of December 31, the excess will be treated as a distribution taxable to shareholders in the year paid. As such, for tax reporting purposes, January distributions paid to our shareholders may be split between two tax years. 25 Table of Contents Distributions made by us that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to taxable domestic shareholders as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year. This treatment applies only to the extent that the designated distributions do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year. It applies regardless of the period for which a domestic shareholder has held his or her common shares. Despite this general rule, corporate shareholders may be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. Generally, our designated capital gain dividends will be broken out into net capital gains distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 20% as of January 1, 2013 for individual taxpayers in the highest tax bracket) and unrecaptured Section 1250 gain distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 25%). Certain U.S. shareholders that are taxed as individuals, estates or trusts may also be required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of shares.    If, for any taxable year, we elect to designate as capital gain dividends any portion of the dividends paid or made available for the year to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest, then the portion of the capital gains dividends that will be allocable to the holders of common shares will be the total capital gain dividends multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to the holders of the common shares for the year. The denominator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest.  We may elect to retain (rather than distribute as is generally required) net capital gain for a taxable year and pay the income tax on that gain. If we make this election, shareholders must include in income, as long-term capital gain, their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gain. Shareholders will be treated as having paid their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these gains. Accordingly, they will receive a tax credit or refund for the amount. Shareholders will increase the basis in their common shares by the difference between the amount of capital gain included in their income and the amount of the tax they are treated as having paid. Our earnings and profits will be adjusted appropriately. In general, a shareholder will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes on the sale or other disposition of common shares in an amount equal to the difference between: (a) the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in the sale or other disposition; and (b) the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the common shares.      The gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the common shares were held as a capital asset. Generally, the capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the common shares were held for more than one year. In general, a loss recognized by a shareholder upon the sale of common shares that were held for six months or less, determined after applying certain holding period rules, will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent that the shareholder received distributions that were treated as long-term capital gains. For shareholders who are individuals, trusts and estates, the long-term capital loss will be apportioned among the applicable long-term capital gain rates to the extent that distributions received by the shareholder were previously so treated. Taxation of domestic tax-exempt shareholders Most tax-exempt organizations are not subject to federal income tax except to the extent of their unrelated business taxable income, which is often referred to as UBTI. Unless a tax-exempt shareholder holds its common shares as debt financed property or uses the common shares in an unrelated trade or business, distributions to the shareholder should not constitute UBTI. Similarly, if a tax-exempt shareholder sells common shares, the income from the sale should not constitute UBTI unless the shareholder held the shares as debt financed property or used the shares in a trade or business. However, for tax-exempt shareholders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts, and qualified group legal services plans, income from owning or selling common shares will constitute UBTI unless the organization is able to properly deduct amounts set aside or placed in reserve so as to offset the income generated by its investment in common shares. These shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements which are set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, certain pension trusts that own more than 10% of a “pension-held REIT” must report a portion of the distributions that they receive from the REIT as UBTI. We have not been and do not expect to be treated as a pension-held REIT  26 Table of Contents for purposes of this rule. Taxation of foreign shareholders The following is a discussion of certain anticipated United States federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of common shares applicable to a foreign shareholder. For purposes of this discussion, a “foreign shareholder” is any person other than: (a) a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation or partnership created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States or of any state thereof; or (c) an estate or trust whose income is includable in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes regardless of its source. Distributions by Us .  Distributions by us to a foreign shareholder that are neither attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of United States real property interests nor designated by us as capital gains dividends will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our earnings and profits. These distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of United States federal income tax on a gross basis at a 30% rate, or a lower treaty rate, unless the dividends are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the foreign shareholder of a United States trade or business. Please note that under certain treaties lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from REITs. Dividends that are effectively connected with a United States trade or business will be subject to tax on a net basis at graduated rates, and are generally not subject to withholding. Certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied before a dividend is exempt from withholding under this exemption. A foreign shareholder that is a corporation also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower treaty rate. We expect to withhold United States income tax at the rate of 30% on any such distributions made to a foreign shareholder unless: (a) a lower treaty rate applies and any required form or certification evidencing eligibility for that reduced rate is filed with us; or (b) the foreign shareholder files an IRS Form W-8ECI with us claiming that the distribution is effectively connected income. If such distribution is in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, it will not be taxable to a foreign shareholder to the extent that the distribution does not exceed the adjusted basis of the shareholder's common shares.  Instead, the distribution will reduce the adjusted basis of the common shares. To the extent that the distribution exceeds the adjusted basis of the common shares, it will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of the shareholder's common shares. The tax treatment of this gain is described below. We intend to withhold at a rate of 30%, or a lower applicable treaty rate, on the entire amount of any distribution not designated as a capital gain distribution. In such event, a foreign shareholder may seek a refund of the withheld amount from the IRS if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our earnings and profits, and the amount withheld exceeded the foreign shareholder's United States tax liability with respect to the distribution. Any capital gain dividend with respect to any class of our stock which is “regularly traded” on an established securities market, will be treated as an ordinary dividend described above, if the foreign shareholder did not own more than 5% of such class of stock at any time during the one year period ending on the date of the distribution. Foreign shareholders generally will not be required to report such distributions received from us on U.S. federal income tax returns and all distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including any capital gain dividends, will be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax (unless reduced or eliminated under an applicable income tax treaty), as described above. In addition, the branch profits tax will no longer apply to such distributions. Distributions to a foreign shareholder that we designate at the time of the distributions as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a United States real property interest, generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxation unless: (a) the investment in the common shares is effectively connected with the foreign shareholder's United States trade or business, in which case the foreign shareholder will be subject to the same treatment as domestic shareholders, except  27 Table of Contents that a shareholder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to the branch profits tax, as discussed above; or (b) the foreign shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a “tax home” in the United States, in which case the nonresident alien individual will be subject to a 30% tax on the individual's capital gains. Under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is known as FIRPTA, distributions to a foreign shareholder that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges of United States real property interests will cause the foreign shareholder to be treated as recognizing the gain as income effectively connected with a United States trade or business. This rule applies whether or not a distribution is designated as a capital gain dividend. Accordingly, foreign shareholders generally would be taxed on these distributions at the same rates applicable to U.S. shareholders, subject to a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. In addition, a foreign corporate shareholder might be subject to the branch profits tax discussed above, as well as U.S. federal income tax return filing requirements. We are required to withhold 35% of these distributions.  The withheld amount can be credited against the foreign shareholder's United States federal income tax liability. Although the law is not entirely clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as undistributed capital gains in respect of the common shares held by U.S. shareholders would be treated with respect to foreign shareholders in the same manner as actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under that approach, foreign shareholders would be able to offset as a credit against their United States federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these undistributed capital gains. In addition, if timely requested, foreign shareholders might be able to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent their proportionate share of the tax paid by us were to exceed their actual United States federal income tax liability. Foreign Shareholders' Sales of Common Shares.   Gain recognized by a foreign shareholder upon the sale or exchange of common shares generally will not be subject to United States taxation unless the shares constitute a “United States real property interest” within the meaning of FIRPTA. The common shares will not constitute a United States real property interest so long as we are a domestically controlled REIT. A domestically controlled REIT is a REIT in which at all times during a specified testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by foreign shareholders.  We believe that we are a domestically controlled REIT. Therefore, we believe that the sale of common shares will not be subject to taxation under FIRPTA. However, because common shares and preferred shares are publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be a domestically controlled REIT. In any event, gain from the sale or exchange of common shares not otherwise subject to FIRPTA will be subject to U.S. tax, if either: (a) the investment in the common shares is effectively connected with the foreign shareholder's United States trade or business, in which case the foreign shareholder will be subject to the same treatment as domestic shareholders with respect to the gain; or (b) the foreign shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a tax home in the United States, in which case the nonresident alien individual will be subject to a 30% tax on the individual's capital gains. Even if we do not qualify as or cease to be a domestically controlled REIT, gain arising from the sale or exchange by a foreign shareholder of common shares still would not be subject to United States taxation under FIRPTA as a sale of a United States real property interest if: (a)  the class or series of shares being sold is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable IRS regulations, on an established securities market such as the New York Stock Exchange; and  (b) the selling foreign shareholder owned 5% or less of the value of the outstanding class or series of shares being sold throughout the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or exchange.      If gain on the sale or exchange of common shares were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, the foreign shareholder would be subject to regular United States income tax with respect to the gain in the same manner as a taxable U.S. shareholder, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax, a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals and the possible application of the branch profits tax in the case of foreign corporations. The purchaser of the common shares would be required to withhold and remit to the IRS 10% of the purchase price.      Information reporting requirement and backup withholding We will report to our domestic shareholders and the Internal Revenue Service the amount of distributions paid during each calendar year and the amount of tax withheld, if any. Under certain circumstances, domestic shareholders may be subject to  28 Table of Contents backup withholding. Backup withholding will apply only if such domestic shareholder fails to furnish certain information to us or the Internal Revenue Service. Backup withholding will not apply with respect to payments made to certain exempt recipients, such as corporations and tax-exempt organizations. Domestic shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to a domestic shareholder will be allowed as a credit against such person's United States federal income tax liability and may entitle such person to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. Withholding on foreign financial institutions and non-U.S. shareholders The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) is contained in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code (and the Treasury Regulations thereunder) and was originally enacted in 2010 as part of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act. FATCA will impose a U.S. withholding tax at a 30% rate on dividends paid after June 30, 2014 and on proceeds from the sale of our shares paid after December 31, 2016 to “foreign financial institutions” (as defined under FATCA) and certain other foreign entities if certain due diligence and disclosure requirements related to U.S. accounts with, or ownership of, such entities are not satisfied or an exemption does not apply. If FATCA withholding is imposed, non-U.S. beneficial owners that are otherwise eligible for an exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. withholding tax with respect to such distributions and sale proceeds would be required to seek a refund from the Internal Revenue Service to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction. Any payment made by us that is subject to withholding under FATCA or otherwise will be net of the amount required to be withheld.   Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2.  Properties As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of  390  properties located in  12  states and the District of Columbia consisting of  109,855  apartment units.  The Company’s properties are summarized by building type in the following table: Type   Properties   Apartment Units   Average Apartment Units Garden   214   59,926   280 Mid/High-Rise   174   44,816   258 Military Housing   2   5,113   2,557 Total   390   109,855     The Company’s properties are summarized by ownership type in the following table:     Properties   Apartment Units Wholly Owned Properties   362   98,468 Master-Leased Properties – Consolidated   3   853 Partially Owned Properties – Consolidated   19   3,752 Partially Owned Properties – Unconsolidated   4   1,669 Military Housing   2   5,113     390   109,855 As a result of the Archstone Transaction and the property sales to help finance the transaction, the Company’s portfolio has changed significantly from the portfolio summary included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. The following table sets forth certain information by market relating to the Company's properties at December 31, 2013 as compared to December 31, 2012: 29 Table of Contents     Portfolio Summary as of December 31, 2012   Portfolio Summary as of December 31, 2013 Markets/Metro Areas   Properties   Apartment Units   % of Stabilized NOI (1)   Average Rental Rate (3)   Properties   Apartment Units   % of Stabilized NOI (2)   Average Rental Rate (3) Core:                                 Washington DC   43   14,425   15.9 %   $ 1,992   56   18,275   18.6 %   $ 2,223 New York   30   8,047   13.9 %   3,433   38   10,330   17.0 %   3,727 San Francisco   40   9,094   8.6 %   1,902   51   13,210   13.2 %   2,227 Los Angeles   48   9,815   9.9 %   1,879   57   11,960   11.3 %   2,064 Boston   26   5,832   8.2 %   2,560   34   7,816   10.3 %   2,802 South Florida   36   12,253   9.0 %   1,463   35   11,462   7.4 %   1,547 Seattle   38   7,563   6.4 %   1,627   38   7,734   6.4 %   1,778 Denver   24   8,144   5.5 %   1,226   19   6,935   4.5 %   1,321 San Diego   14   4,963   5.0 %   1,851   13   3,505   3.2 %   1,906 Orange County, CA   11   3,490   3.3 %   1,660   11   3,490   3.0 %   1,723 Subtotal – Core   310   83,626   85.7 %   1,941   352   94,717   94.9 %   2,202 Non-Core:                                 Inland Empire, CA   10   3,081   2.4 %   1,491   10   3,081   2.2 %   1,514 Orlando   21   6,413   3.5 %   1,086   10   3,383   1.7 %   1,130 New England (excluding Boston)   14   2,611   1.3 %   1,174   11   1,965   0.8 %   1,212 Phoenix   25   7,400   3.4 %   946   4   1,260   0.4 %   952 Atlanta   12   3,616   2.0 %   1,157   1   336   0.0 %   1,301 Jacksonville   6   2,117   1.1 %   1,005   —   —   —   — Tacoma, WA   3   1,467   0.6 %   951   —   —   —   — Subtotal – Non-Core   91   26,705   14.3 %   1,099   36   10,025   5.1 %   1,248 Total   401   110,331   100.0 %   1,737   388   104,742   100.0 %   2,110 Military Housing   2   5,039   —   —   2   5,113   —   — Grand Total   403   115,370   100.0 %   $ 1,737   390   109,855   100.0 %   $ 2,110 (1) % of Stabilized NOI for the 12/31/12 Portfolio Summary includes budgeted 2013 NOI for stabilized properties, budgeted year one (March 2013 to February 2014) NOI for the Archstone  properties and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. (2) % of Stabilized NOI for the 12/31/13 Portfolio Summary includes budgeted 2014 NOI for stabilized properties (including the Archstone properties) and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. (3) Average rental rate is defined as total rental revenues divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the last month of the period presented. Note: Projects under development are not included in the Portfolio Summary until construction has been completed.  The Company’s properties had an average occupancy of approximately 93.8% (94.8% on a same store basis) at  December 31, 2013 . Certain of the Company’s properties are encumbered by mortgages and additional detail can be found on Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. Resident leases are generally for twelve months in length and can require security deposits. The garden-style properties are generally defined as properties with two and/or three story buildings while the mid-rise/high-rise are defined as properties with greater than three story buildings. These two property types typically provide residents with amenities, which may include a clubhouse, swimming pool, laundry facilities and cable television access. Certain of these properties offer additional amenities such as saunas, whirlpools, spas, sports courts and exercise rooms or other amenities. In addition, many of our urban properties have parking garage and/or retail components. The military housing properties are defined as those properties located on military bases. The distribution of the properties throughout the United States reflects the Company’s belief that geographic diversification helps insulate the portfolio from regional influences. At the same time, the Company has sought to create clusters of properties within each of its core markets in order to achieve economies of scale in management and operation. The Company may nevertheless acquire additional multifamily properties located anywhere in the United States and internationally. The properties currently in various stages of development and lease-up at  December 31, 2013  are included in the following tables: 30 Table of Contents Consolidated Development and Lease-Up Projects as of December 31, 2013 (Amounts in thousands except for project and apartment unit amounts) Projects   Location   No. of Apartment Units   Total Capital Cost (1)   Total Book Value to Date   Total Book Value Not Placed in Service   Total Debt   Percentage Completed   Percentage Leased   Percentage Occupied   Estimated Completion Date   Estimated Stabilization Date                                                 Projects Under Development - Wholly Owned:                                             1111 Belle Pre (formerly The Madison)   Alexandria, VA 360   $ 115,072   $ 102,310   $ 102,310   $ —   92 %   27 %   17 %   Q1 2014   Q2 2015 Jia (formerly Chinatown Gateway)   Los Angeles, CA 280   92,920   86,761   86,761   —   99 %   4 %   —   Q1 2014   Q3 2015 Urbana (formerly Market Street Landing)   Seattle, WA   287   90,024   77,522   77,522   —   88 %   1 %   —   Q1 2014   Q3 2015 Reserve at Town Center III   Mill Creek, WA   95   21,330   18,429   18,429   —   77 %   10 %   —   Q2 2014   Q4 2014 Residences at Westgate II (formerly Westgate III)   Pasadena, CA   88   54,037   31,246   31,246   —   36 %   —   —   Q2 2014   Q1 2015 Residences at Westgate I (formerly Westgate II)   Pasadena, CA   252   125,293   101,569   101,569   —   71 %   —   —   Q2 2014   Q2 2015 170 Amsterdam (2)   New York, NY   237   110,892   44,799   44,799   —   30 %   —   —   Q1 2015   Q1 2016 Azure (at Mission Bay)   San Francisco, CA 273   189,090   66,268   66,268   —   21 %   —   —   Q3 2015   Q4 2016 West Seattle   Seattle, WA   206   67,112   18,719   18,719   —   2 %   —   —   Q4 2015   Q3 2016 Tallman   Seattle, WA   303   84,277   23,397   23,397   —   5 %   —   —   Q4 2015   Q2 2017 VIllage at Howard Hughes   Los Angeles, CA   545   193,231   51,728   51,728   —   1 %   —   —   Q2 2016   Q2 2017 Tasman   San Jose, CA   554   214,923   49,380   49,380   —   5 %   —   —   Q2 2016   Q2 2018 Projects Under Development - Wholly Owned       3,480   1,358,201   672,128   672,128   —                     Projects Under Development - Partially Owned:                                             Park Aire (formerly Enclave at Wellington) (3)   Wellington, FL   268   50,000   47,445   47,445   —   96 %   32 %   29 %   Q1 2014   Q1 2015 400 Park Avenue South (4)   New York, NY   269   251,961   172,523   172,523   —   63 %   —   —   Q2 2015   Q1 2016 Projects Under Development - Partially Owned       537   301,961   219,968   219,968   —                                                                     Projects Under Development       4,017   1,660,162   892,096   892,096   —                     Completed Not Stabilized - Wholly Owned (5):                                             Gaithersburg Station (6) (7)   Gaithersburg, MD 389   93,000   92,177   —   89,462       91 %   85 %   Completed   Q2 2014 Breakwater at Marina Del Rey (2) (6) (8)   Marina Del Rey, CA 224   90,449   87,590   —   27,000       75 %   70 %   Completed   Q2 2014 Oasis at Delray Beach II (3)   Delray Beach, FL   128   23,739   21,330   —   —       47 %   38 %   Completed   Q2 2014 Projects Completed Not Stabilized - Wholly Owned       741   207,188   201,097   —   116,462                                                                     Projects Completed Not Stabilized       741   207,188   201,097   —   116,462                                                                     Total Consolidated Projects       4,758   $ 1,867,350   $ 1,093,193   $ 892,096   $ 116,462                                                                     Land Held for Development       N/A   N/A   $ 393,522   $ 393,522   $ —                     (1) Total capital cost represents estimated cost for projects under development and/or developed and all capitalized costs incurred to date plus any estimates of costs remaining to be funded for all projects, all in accordance with GAAP. (2) The land under this development is subject to a long term ground lease. (3) The Company acquired this development project in connection with the Archstone Transaction and is continuing/has completed development activities. The Company owns 100% of Oasis at Delray Beach II and has a 95.0% ownership interest in Park Aire. (4) The Company is jointly developing with Toll Brothers (NYSE: TOL) a project at 400 Park Avenue South in New York City with the Company's rental portion on floors 2-22 and Toll's for sale portion on floors 23-40. The total capital cost and total book value to date represent only the Company's portion of the project. Toll Brothers has funded $96.8 million for their allocated share of the project. (5) Properties included here are substantially complete. However, they may still require additional exterior and interior work for all apartment units to be available for leasing. (6) Amounts have been adjusted to reflect Q2/Q3/Q4 2013 changes to the purchase price allocation for these projects which were acquired in the Archstone Transaction. (7) The Company acquired this completed development project prior to stabilization in connection with the Archstone Transaction and is continuing lease-up activities.  This project has a non-recourse loan with a current outstanding balance of $89.5 million, bears interest at 5.24% and matures April 1, 2053. (8) The Company acquired this property in connection with the Archstone Transaction and has completed renovations. The non-recourse loan on this property has a current outstanding balance of $27.0 million, bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.75% and matures September 1, 2014. 31 Table of Contents Unconsolidated Development and Lease-Up Projects as of December 31, 2013 (Amounts in thousands except for project and apartment unit amounts)                                                     Projects   Location   Percentage Ownership   No. of Apartment Units   Total Capital Cost (1)   Total Book Value to Date   Total Book Value Not Placed in Service   Total Debt   Percentage Completed   Percentage Leased   Percentage Occupied   Estimated Completion Date   Estimated Stabilization Date                                                     Projects Under Development - Unconsolidated:                                                                                               Parkside at Emeryville (2) (3)   Emeryville, CA   5.0 %   176   $ 75,000   $ 45,123   $ 45,123   $ 11,379   50 %   —   —   Q4 2014   Q4 2015 Projects Under Development - Unconsolidated       176   75,000   45,123   45,123   11,379                                                                         Projects Under Development           176   75,000   45,123   45,123   11,379                                                                         Completed Not Stabilized - Unconsolidated (4):                                             San Norterra (5)   Phoenix, AZ   85.0 %   388   56,250   52,899   —   33,030       85 %   78 %   Completed   Q2 2014 Nexus Sawgrass (formerly Sunrise Village) (6)   Sunrise, FL   20.0 %   501   80,000   78,271   —   47,616       69 %   64 %   Completed   Q3 2014 Domain (6)   San Jose, CA   20.0 %   444   154,570   153,207   —   91,633       48 %   44 %   Completed   Q4 2015 Projects Completed Not Stabilized - Unconsolidated   1,333   290,820   284,377   —   172,279                                                                       Projects Completed Not Stabilized       1,333   290,820   284,377   —   172,279                                                                         Total Unconsolidated Projects       1,509   $ 365,820   $ 329,500   $ 45,123   $ 183,658                     (1) Total capital cost represents estimated cost for projects under development and/or developed and all capitalized costs incurred to date plus any estimates of costs remaining to be funded for all projects, all in accordance with GAAP. (2) The Company acquired this development project in connection with the Archstone Transaction. Total project costs are approximately $75.0 million and construction is being partially funded with a construction loan. Parkside at Emeryville has a maximum debt commitment of $39.5 million, the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.25% and matures August 14, 2015. The Company has given a repayment guaranty on the construction loan of 50% of the outstanding balance, up to a maximum of $19.7 million, and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees. (3) Amounts have been adjusted to reflect Q2/Q3/Q4 2013 changes to the purchase price allocation for this project which was acquired in the Archstone Transaction. (4) Properties included here are substantially complete. However, they may still require additional exterior and interior work for all apartment units to be available for leasing. (5) The Company acquired this development project in connection with the Archstone Transaction. Total project costs are approximately $56.3 million and construction was partially funded with a non-recourse construction loan. San Norterra has a maximum debt commitment of $34.8 million, the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.00% and matures January 6, 2015. (6) These development projects are owned 20% by the Company and 80% by an institutional partner in two separate unconsolidated joint ventures. Total project costs are approximately $234.6 million and construction was predominantly funded with two separate long-term, non-recourse secured loans from the partner. The Company was responsible for constructing the projects and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees but currently has no further funding obligations. Nexus Sawgrass has a maximum debt commitment of $48.7 million, the loan bears interest at 5.60% and matures January 1, 2021. Domain has a maximum debt commitment of $98.6 million, the loan bears interest at 5.75% and matures January 1, 2022. Item 3.  Legal Proceedings The Company is party to a housing discrimination lawsuit brought by a non-profit civil rights organization in April 2006 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. The suit alleges that the Company designed and built approximately 300 of its properties in violation of the accessibility requirements of the Fair Housing Act and Americans With Disabilities Act. The suit seeks actual and punitive damages, injunctive relief (including modification of non-compliant properties), costs and attorneys’ fees. The Company believes it has a number of viable defenses, including that a majority of the named properties were completed before the operative dates of the statutes in question and/or were not designed or built by the Company. Accordingly, the Company is defending the suit vigorously. Due to the pendency of the Company’s defenses and the uncertainty of many other critical factual and legal issues, it is not possible to determine or predict the outcome of the suit or a possible loss or a range of loss, and no amounts have been accrued at  December 31, 2013 . While no assurances can be given, the Company does not believe that the suit, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company does not believe there is any other litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 32 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common Share Market Prices and Dividends (Equity Residential) The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, the high, low and closing sales prices for and the distributions declared on the Company’s Common Shares, which trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol EQR.     Sales Price         High   Low   Closing   Distributions 2013                 Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2013   $ 56.06   $ 50.08   $ 51.87   $ 0.6500 Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2013   $ 59.40   $ 50.24   $ 53.57   $ 0.4000 Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2013   $ 60.97   $ 52.71   $ 58.06   $ 0.4000 First Quarter Ended March 31, 2013   $ 58.81   $ 53.64   $ 55.06   $ 0.4000                   2012                 Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2012   $ 59.61   $ 53.25   $ 56.67   $ 0.7675 Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2012   $ 65.72   $ 56.76   $ 57.53   $ 0.3375 Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2012   $ 63.84   $ 58.67   $ 62.36   $ 0.3375 First Quarter Ended March 31, 2012   $ 62.79   $ 53.56   $ 62.62   $ 0.3375 The number of record holders of Common Shares at  February 21, 2014  was approximately 3,500. The number of outstanding Common Shares as of  February 21, 2014  was 361,079,202. Unit Dividends (ERP Operating Limited Partnership)  There is no established public market for the Units (OP Units and LTIP Units). The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, the distributions on the Operating Partnership's Units.      Distributions     2013   2012 Fourth Quarter Ended December 31,   $ 0.6500   $ 0.7675 Third Quarter Ended September 30,   $ 0.4000   $ 0.3375 Second Quarter Ended June 30,   $ 0.4000   $ 0.3375 First Quarter Ended March 31,   $ 0.4000   $ 0.3375 The number of record holders of Units in the Operating Partnership at  February 21, 2014  was approximately 500. The number of outstanding Units as of  February 21, 2014  was 375,458,545. Unregistered Common Shares Issued in the Quarter Ended  December 31, 2013  (Equity Residential) During the quarter ended  December 31, 2013 , EQR issued 20,000 Common Shares in exchange for 20,000 OP Units held by various limited partners of the Operating Partnership. OP Units are generally exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or, at the option of the Operating Partnership, the cash equivalent thereof, at any time one year after the date of issuance. These shares were either registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as these were transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. In light of the manner of the sale and information obtained by EQR from the limited partners in connection with these transactions, EQR believes it may rely on these exemptions. 33 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of  December 31, 2013  with respect to the Company's Common Shares that may be issued under its existing equity compensation plans.     Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities in column (a)) Plan Category           (a) (1)   (b) (1)   (c) (2) Equity compensation plans      approved by shareholders   8,470,532   $43.67   12,670,116 Equity compensation plans not      approved by shareholders   N/A   N/A   N/A (1) The amounts shown in columns (a) and (b) of the above table do not include  500,234  outstanding Common Shares (all of which are restricted and subject to vesting requirements) that were granted under the Company's 2002 Share Incentive Plan, as restated (the “2002 Plan”) and the Company's 2011 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2011 Plan") and outstanding Common Shares that have been purchased by employees and trustees under the Company's ESPP. (2) Includes  9,562,775  Common Shares that may be issued under the 2011 Plan, of which only 33% may be in the form of restricted shares, and  3,107,341  Common Shares that may be sold to employees and trustees under the ESPP.  On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2011 Plan and the Company filed a Form S-8 registration statement to register  12,980,741  Common Shares under this plan.  As of  December 31, 2013 ,  9,562,775  shares were available for future issuance.  In conjunction with the approval of the 2011 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2002 Plan.  The 2011 Plan expires on June 16, 2021.   Any Common Shares issued pursuant to EQR's incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances.  Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following tables set forth selected financial and operating information on a historical basis for the Company and the Operating Partnership. The following information should be read in conjunction with all of the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The historical operating and balance sheet data have been derived from the historical financial statements of the Company and the Operating Partnership. All amounts have also been restated in accordance with the guidance on discontinued operations. Certain capitalized terms as used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   34 Table of Contents Equity Residential CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Financial information in thousands except for per share and property data)                           Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 OPERATING DATA:                     Total revenues from continuing operations   $ 2,387,702   $ 1,747,502   $ 1,525,220   $ 1,334,418   $ 1,211,141 Interest and other income   $ 4,656   $ 150,546   $ 7,963   $ 4,278   $ 16,515 (Loss) income from continuing operations   $ (168,174 )   $ 160,298   $ (72,941 )   $ (204,152 )   $ (185,089 ) Discontinued operations, net   $ 2,073,527   $ 720,906   $ 1,008,138   $ 500,135   $ 567,118 Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197   $ 295,983   $ 382,029 Net income available to Common Shares   $ 1,826,468   $ 826,212   $ 879,720   $ 269,242   $ 347,794 Earnings per share – basic:                     (Loss) income from continuing operations     available to Common Shares   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 )   $ (0.73 )   $ (0.69 ) Net income available to Common Shares   $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98   $ 0.95   $ 1.27 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   354,305   302,701   294,856   282,888   273,609 Earnings per share – diluted:                     (Loss) income from continuing operations     available to Common Shares   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 )   $ (0.73 )   $ (0.69 ) Net income available to Common Shares   $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98   $ 0.95   $ 1.27 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   354,305   319,766   294,856   282,888   273,609 Distributions declared per Common Share     outstanding   $ 1.85   $ 1.78   $ 1.58   $ 1.47   $ 1.64 BALANCE SHEET DATA  (at end of period):                     Real estate, before accumulated depreciation   $ 26,800,948   $ 21,008,429   $ 20,407,946   $ 19,702,371   $ 18,465,144 Real estate, after accumulated depreciation   $ 21,993,239   $ 16,096,208   $ 15,868,363   $ 15,365,014   $ 14,587,580 Total assets   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000   $ 16,659,303   $ 16,184,194   $ 15,417,515 Total debt   $ 10,766,254   $ 8,529,244   $ 9,721,061   $ 9,948,076   $ 9,392,570 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests –    Operating Partnership   $ 363,144   $ 398,372   $ 416,404   $ 383,540   $ 258,280 Total shareholders’ equity   $ 10,507,201   $ 7,289,813   $ 5,669,015   $ 5,090,186   $ 5,047,339 Total Noncontrolling Interests   $ 337,995   $ 237,294   $ 193,842   $ 118,390   $ 127,174 OTHER DATA:                     Total properties (at end of period)   390   403   427   451   495 Total apartment units (at end of period)   109,855   115,370   121,974   129,604   137,007 Funds from operations available to Common    Shares and Units – basic (1) (3) (4)   $ 872,421   $ 993,217   $ 752,153   $ 622,786   $ 615,505 Normalized funds from operations available to    Common Shares and Units – basic (2) (3) (4)   $ 1,057,073   $ 883,269   $ 759,665   $ 682,422   $ 661,542 Cash flow provided by (used for):                     Operating activities   $ 868,916   $ 1,046,155   $ 800,467   $ 726,037   $ 670,812 Investing activities   $ (6,977 )   $ (261,168 )   $ (197,208 )   $ (639,458 )   $ 105,229 Financing activities   $ (1,420,995 )   $ (556,318 )   $ (650,746 )   $ 151,541   $ (1,473,547 ) 35 Table of Contents ERP Operating Limited Partnership CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Financial information in thousands except for per Unit and property data)                           Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 OPERATING DATA:                     Total revenues from continuing operations   $ 2,387,702   $ 1,747,502   $ 1,525,220   $ 1,334,418   $ 1,211,141 Interest and other income   $ 4,656   $ 150,546   $ 7,963   $ 4,278   $ 16,515 (Loss) income from continuing operations   $ (168,174 )   $ 160,298   $ (72,941 )   $ (204,152 )   $ (185,089 ) Discontinued operations, net   $ 2,073,527   $ 720,906   $ 1,008,138   $ 500,135   $ 567,118 Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197   $ 295,983   $ 382,029 Net income available to Units   $ 1,901,746   $ 864,853   $ 920,500   $ 282,341   $ 368,099 Earnings per Unit – basic:                     (Loss) income from continuing operations    available to Units   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 )   $ (0.73 )   $ (0.69 ) Net income available to Units   $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98   $ 0.95   $ 1.27 Weighted average Units outstanding   368,038   316,554   308,062   296,527   289,167 Earnings per Unit – diluted:                     (Loss) income from continuing operations    available to Units   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 )   $ (0.73 )   $ (0.69 ) Net income available to Units   $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98   $ 0.95   $ 1.27 Weighted average Units outstanding   368,038   319,766   308,062   296,527   289,167 Distributions declared per Unit outstanding   $ 1.85   $ 1.78   $ 1.58   $ 1.47   $ 1.64 BALANCE SHEET DATA  (at end of period):                     Real estate, before accumulated depreciation   $ 26,800,948   $ 21,008,429   $ 20,407,946   $ 19,702,371   $ 18,465,144 Real estate, after accumulated depreciation   $ 21,993,239   $ 16,096,208   $ 15,868,363   $ 15,365,014   $ 14,587,580 Total assets   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000   $ 16,659,303   $ 16,184,194   $ 15,417,515 Total debt   $ 10,766,254   $ 8,529,244   $ 9,721,061   $ 9,948,076   $ 9,392,570 Redeemable Limited Partners   $ 363,144   $ 398,372   $ 416,404   $ 383,540   $ 258,280 Total partners' capital   $ 10,718,613   $ 7,449,419   $ 5,788,551   $ 5,200,585   $ 5,163,459 Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned    Properties   $ 126,583   $ 77,688   $ 74,306   $ 7,991   $ 11,054 OTHER DATA:                     Total properties (at end of period)   390   403   427   451   495 Total apartment units (at end of period)   109,855   115,370   121,974   129,604   137,007 Funds from operations available to Units –    basic (1) (3) (4)   $ 872,421   $ 993,217   $ 752,153   $ 622,786   $ 615,505 Normalized funds from operations available to    Units – basic (2) (3) (4)   $ 1,057,073   $ 883,269   $ 759,665   $ 682,422   $ 661,542 Cash flow provided by (used for):                     Operating activities   $ 868,916   $ 1,046,155   $ 800,467   $ 726,037   $ 670,812 Investing activities   $ (6,977 )   $ (261,168 )   $ (197,208 )   $ (639,458 )   $ 105,229 Financing activities   $ (1,420,995 )   $ (556,318 )   $ (650,746 )   $ 151,541   $ (1,473,547 ) (1) The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines funds from operations (“FFO”) (April 2002 White Paper) as net income (computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”)), excluding gains (or losses) from sales and impairment write-downs of depreciable operating properties, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. The April 2002 White Paper states that gain or loss on sales of property is excluded from FFO for previously depreciated operating properties only. Once the Company commences the conversion of apartment units to condominiums, it simultaneously discontinues depreciation of such property. 36 Table of Contents (2) Normalized funds from operations (“Normalized FFO”) begins with FFO and excludes: ▪ the impact of any expenses relating to non-operating asset impairment and valuation allowances; ▪ property acquisition and other transaction costs related to mergers and acquisitions and pursuit cost write-offs; ▪ gains and losses from early debt extinguishment, including prepayment penalties, preferred share/preference unit redemptions and the cost related to the implied option value of non-cash convertible debt discounts; ▪ gains and losses on the sales of non-operating assets, including gains and losses from land parcel and condominium sales, net of the effect of income tax benefits or expenses; and ▪ other miscellaneous non-comparable items. (3) The Company believes that FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company, because they are recognized measures of performance by the real estate industry and by excluding gains or losses related to dispositions of depreciable property and excluding real estate depreciation (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units can help compare the operating performance of a company’s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. The Company also believes that Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units  / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company because they allow investors to compare the Company’s operating performance to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the Company’s actual operating results. FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units do not represent net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. Therefore, FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units should not be exclusively considered as alternatives to net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP or as a measure of liquidity. The Company’s calculation of FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units may differ from other real estate companies due to, among other items, variations in cost capitalization policies for capital expenditures and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other real estate companies. (4) FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are calculated on a basis consistent with net income available to Common Shares / Units and reflects adjustments to net income for preferred distributions and premiums on redemption of preferred shares/preference units in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units are collectively referred to as the “Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Subject to certain restrictions, the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership may exchange their OP Units for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. Note: See Item 7 for a reconciliation of net income to FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Operating Partnership should be read in connection with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. Due to the Company's ability to control the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and each such subsidiary entity has been consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes, except for one unconsolidated development property, four unconsolidated operating properties and our military housing properties. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined are as defined elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2013 . Forward-Looking Statements Forward-looking statements in this Item 7 as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions made by management. While the Company's management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is inherently subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and beyond management's control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or supplement these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to the following: ▪ We intend to actively acquire, develop and rehab multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate.  We may also acquire multifamily properties that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease up. We may  37 Table of Contents be unable to lease up these apartment properties on schedule, resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues and/or lower yields due to lower occupancy and rates as well as higher than expected concessions. We may not be able to achieve rents that are consistent with expectations for acquired, developed or rehabbed properties. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position, to complete a development property or to complete a rehab. Additionally, we expect that other real estate investors with capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. This competition (or lack thereof) may increase (or depress) prices for multifamily properties. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms.  We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios, that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. The total number of apartment units under development, costs of development and estimated completion dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation; ▪ Debt financing and other capital required by the Company may not be available or may only be available on adverse terms; ▪ Labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated; ▪ Occupancy levels and market rents may be adversely affected by national and local economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and single family housing, increasing portions of single family housing stock being converted to rental use, rental housing subsidized by the government, other government programs that favor single family rental housing or owner occupied housing over multifamily rental housing, governmental regulations, slow or negative employment growth and household formation, the availability of low-interest mortgages or the availability of mortgages requiring little or no down payment for single family home buyers, changes in social preferences and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond the Company's control; and ▪ Additional factors as discussed in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly those under “Item 1A.  Risk Factors ”. Forward-looking statements and related uncertainties are also included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Overview Equity Residential (“EQR”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993, is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of high quality apartment properties in top United States growth markets.  ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”), an Illinois limited partnership, was formed in May 1993 to conduct the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential.  EQR has elected to be taxed as a REIT.   References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP.  References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP.  EQR is the general partner of, and as of  December 31, 2013  owned an approximate  96.2%  ownership interest in, ERPOP.  All of the Company's property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP.  EQR issues equity from time to time but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity.   The Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates property management offices in each of its markets.  As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company had approximately  3,600  employees who provided real estate operations, leasing, legal, financial, accounting, acquisition, disposition, development and other support functions. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies The Company invests in high quality apartment communities located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of maximizing our risk adjusted total return (operating income plus capital appreciation) on invested capital. 38 Table of Contents We seek to maximize the income and capital appreciation of our properties by investing in markets that are characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property appreciation. We are focused primarily on the six core coastal, high barrier to entry markets of Boston, New York, Washington DC, Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle. These markets generally feature one or more of the following characteristics that allow us to increase rents: ▪ High barriers to entry where, because of land scarcity or government regulation, it is difficult or costly to build new apartment properties, creating limits on new supply;  ▪ High home ownership costs; ▪ Strong economic growth leading to job growth and household formation, which in turn leads to high demand for our apartments; ▪ Urban core locations with an attractive quality of life and higher wage job categories leading to high resident demand and retention; and ▪ Favorable demographics contributing to a larger pool of target residents with a high propensity to rent apartments.  Our operating focus is on balancing occupancy and rental rates to maximize our revenue while exercising tight cost control to generate the highest possible return to our shareholders. Revenue is maximized by attracting qualified prospects to our properties, cost-effectively converting these prospects into new residents and keeping our residents satisfied so they will renew their leases upon expiration. While we believe that it is our high-quality, well-located assets that bring our customers to us, it is the customer service and superior value provided by our on-site personnel that keeps them renting with us and recommending us to their friends. We use technology to engage our customers in the way that they want to be engaged. Many of our residents utilize our web-based resident portal which allows them to sign and renew their leases, review their accounts and make payments, provide feedback and make service requests on-line.  Acquisitions and developments may be financed from various sources of capital, which may include retained cash flow, issuance of additional equity and debt, sales of properties and joint venture agreements. In addition, the Company may acquire properties in transactions that include the issuance of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”) as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer, in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. The Company may acquire land parcels to hold and/or sell based on market opportunities as well as options to buy more land in the future. The Company may also seek to acquire properties by purchasing defaulted or distressed debt that encumbers desirable properties in the hope of obtaining title to property through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure proceedings. The Company has also, in the past, converted some of its properties and sold them as condominiums but is not currently active in this line of business. Over the past several years, the Company has done an extensive repositioning of its portfolio from low barrier to entry/non-core markets to high barrier to entry/core markets. Since 2005, the Company has sold over 162,000 apartment units primarily in its non-core markets for an aggregate sales price of approximately $15.6 billion, acquired over 66,000 apartment units primarily in its core markets for approximately $19.0 billion and began approximately $4.1 billion of development projects primarily in its core markets. We are currently seeking to acquire and develop assets primarily in the following six core coastal metropolitan areas: Boston, New York, Washington DC, Southern California, San Francisco and Seattle. We also have investments (in the aggregate about 11.9% of our NOI at December 31, 2013) in the two core markets of South Florida and Denver but do not currently intend to acquire or develop new assets in these markets. Further, we are in the process of exiting Phoenix and Orlando and will use sales proceeds from these markets to acquire and/or develop new assets and for other corporate purposes. As part of its strategy, the Company purchases completed and fully occupied apartment properties, partially completed or partially occupied properties and takes options on land or acquires land on which apartment properties can be constructed. We intend to hold a diversified portfolio of assets across our target markets. As of December 31, 2013, no single market/metropolitan area accounted for more than 18.6% of our NOI, though no guarantee can be made that NOI concentration may not increase in the future. We endeavor to attract and retain the best employees by providing them with the education, resources and opportunities to succeed. We provide many classroom and on-line training courses to assist our employees in interacting with prospects and residents as well as extensively train our customer service specialists in maintaining our properties and improvements, equipment and appliances. We actively promote from within and many senior corporate and property leaders have risen from entry level or  39 Table of Contents junior positions. We monitor our employees' engagement by surveying them annually and have consistently received high engagement scores. We have a commitment to sustainability and consider the environmental impacts of our business activities. Sustainability and social responsibility are key drivers in our focus in creating the best apartment communities for residents to live, work and play. We have a dedicated in-house team that initiates and applies sustainable practices in all aspects of our business, including investment activities, development, property operations and property management activities. With its high density, multifamily housing is, by its nature, an environmentally friendly property type. Our recent acquisition and development activities have been primarily concentrated in pedestrian-friendly urban locations near public transportation. When developing and renovating our properties, we strive to reduce energy and water usage by investing in energy saving technology while positively impacting the experience of our residents and the value of our assets. We continue to implement a combination of irrigation, lighting, HVAC and renewable energy improvements at our properties that will reduce energy and water consumption. For additional information regarding our sustainability efforts, see our December 2013 Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Report at our website,  www.equityresidential.com . Current Environment On February 27, 2013, the Company, AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (“AVB”) and certain of their respective subsidiaries completed their previously-announced acquisition (the “Archstone Acquisition” or the “Archstone Transaction”) from Archstone Enterprise LP (“Enterprise”) (which subsequently changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP), an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. (“Lehman”) and its affiliates, of all of the assets and liabilities of Enterprise (including interests in various entities affiliated with Enterprise), constituting a portfolio of apartment properties and other assets (the “Archstone Portfolio”). As a result of the Archstone Acquisition, the Company owns assets representing approximately 60% of the Archstone Portfolio. The consideration paid by the Company in connection with the Archstone Acquisition consisted of cash in the amount of approximately $4.0 billion (inclusive of $2.0 billion of Archstone secured mortgage principal paid off in conjunction with the closing), 34,468,085 Common Shares (which shares had a total value of $1.9 billion based on the acquisition date closing price of EQR's Common Shares of $55.99 per share) and the assumption of $3.1 billion of mortgage debt (inclusive of a net mark-to-market premium of $127.9 million) and approximately 60% of all of the other assets and liabilities related to the Archstone Portfolio. On February 18, 2014, Lehman publicly announced that it had sold the remaining Common Shares issued by the Company as partial consideration for the portion of the Archstone Portfolio acquired by the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company acquired 73 consolidated properties consisting of 20,914 apartment units, one unconsolidated property consisting of 336 apartment units, three consolidated master-leased properties consisting of 853 apartment units, four projects in various stages of development (two consolidated and two unconsolidated) and 15 land parcels for $9.1 billion. All but one of these properties and all but one of these land parcels were acquired in conjunction with the Archstone Transaction and the Company has completed the integration of these properties and their operations. We believe our access to capital, our ability to execute large, complex transactions and our ability to efficiently stabilize large scale lease up properties provide us with a competitive advantage, which was demonstrated in the Archstone Transaction.  The Company currently budgets consolidated acquisitions of approximately $500.0 million during the year ending December 31, 2014 to be funded with proceeds from dispositions (see discussion below). The Company started construction on seven projects representing 2,213 apartment units totaling approximately $880.9 million of development costs during the year ended December 31, 2013.  The Company expects to increase its development activity as compared to the past few years and has budgeted approximately $750.0 million of new apartment construction starts on land currently owned during each of the years ending December 31, 2014 and 2015.  We currently budget spending approximately $575.0 million on development costs during the year ending December 31, 2014.  This capital will be primarily sourced with excess operating cash flow and availability on our revolving credit facility. The Company continues to sell non-core assets and reduce its exposure to non-core markets as we believe these assets will have lower long-term returns and we can sell them for prices that we believe are favorable. The Archstone Transaction provided an opportunity to accelerate this strategy and do so efficiently through the use of Section 1031 tax deferred exchanges. The Company sold 94 consolidated properties consisting of 29,180 apartment units, seven consolidated land parcels and one commercial building for $4.6 billion and one unconsolidated land parcel for $26.4 million (sales price for the unconsolidated land parcel is the gross sales price and EQR's share of the net sales proceeds approximated 25%) during the year ended December 31, 2013. These dispositions combined with reinvestment of the cash proceeds in assets with lower cap rates (see definition below) were dilutive to our earnings per share. The Company defines dilution from transactions as the lost NOI from sales proceeds that were not reinvested in other apartment properties or were reinvested in properties with a lower cap rate.  The Company funded a significant portion of the cash purchase price of the Archstone Transaction with capital raised through these significant dispositions of assets. While this accelerated disposition program was dilutive to our per share results, it also significantly mitigated the execution risk  40 Table of Contents on the Archstone Transaction. Beginning in 2014 and going forward, the Company expects a decrease in dilution due to our reduced disposition expectations and the locations of our planned dispositions. The Company currently budgets consolidated dispositions of approximately $500.0 million during the year ending December 31, 2014. As a result of the Archstone Transaction and the property sales to help finance the transaction, the Company’s portfolio has changed significantly from the portfolio summary included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. The following table sets forth certain information by market relating to the Company's properties at December 31, 2013 as compared to December 31, 2012:     Portfolio Summary as of December 31, 2012   Portfolio Summary as of December 31, 2013 Markets/Metro areas   Properties   Apartment Units   % of Stabilized NOI (1)   Average Rental Rate (3)   Properties   Apartment Units   % of Stabilized NOI (2)   Average Rental Rate (3) Core:                                 Washington DC   43   14,425   15.9 %   $ 1,992   56   18,275   18.6 %   $ 2,223 New York   30   8,047   13.9 %   3,433   38   10,330   17.0 %   3,727 San Francisco   40   9,094   8.6 %   1,902   51   13,210   13.2 %   2,227 Los Angeles   48   9,815   9.9 %   1,879   57   11,960   11.3 %   2,064 Boston   26   5,832   8.2 %   2,560   34   7,816   10.3 %   2,802 South Florida   36   12,253   9.0 %   1,463   35   11,462   7.4 %   1,547 Seattle   38   7,563   6.4 %   1,627   38   7,734   6.4 %   1,778 Denver   24   8,144   5.5 %   1,226   19   6,935   4.5 %   1,321 San Diego   14   4,963   5.0 %   1,851   13   3,505   3.2 %   1,906 Orange County, CA   11   3,490   3.3 %   1,660   11   3,490   3.0 %   1,723 Subtotal – Core   310   83,626   85.7 %   1,941   352   94,717   94.9 %   2,202 Non-Core:                                 Inland Empire, CA   10   3,081   2.4 %   1,491   10   3,081   2.2 %   1,514 Orlando   21   6,413   3.5 %   1,086   10   3,383   1.7 %   1,130 New England (excluding Boston)   14   2,611   1.3 %   1,174   11   1,965   0.8 %   1,212 Phoenix   25   7,400   3.4 %   946   4   1,260   0.4 %   952 Atlanta   12   3,616   2.0 %   1,157   1   336   0.0 %   1,301 Jacksonville   6   2,117   1.1 %   1,005   —   —   —   — Tacoma, WA   3   1,467   0.6 %   951   —   —   —   — Subtotal – Non-Core   91   26,705   14.3 %   1,099   36   10,025   5.1 %   1,248 Total   401   110,331   100.0 %   1,737   388   104,742   100.0 %   2,110 Military Housing   2   5,039   —   —   2   5,113   —   — Grand Total   403   115,370   100.0 %   $ 1,737   390   109,855   100.0 %   $ 2,110 Note: Projects under development are not included in the Portfolio Summary until construction has been completed.  (1) % of Stabilized NOI for the 12/31/12 Portfolio Summary includes budgeted 2013 NOI for stabilized properties, budgeted year one (March 2013 to February 2014) NOI for the Archstone  properties and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. (2) % of Stabilized NOI for the 12/31/13 Portfolio Summary includes budgeted 2014 NOI for stabilized properties (including the Archstone properties) and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. (3) Average rental rate is defined as total rental revenues divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the last month of the period presented. We currently have access to multiple sources of capital including the equity markets as well as both the secured and unsecured debt markets. In April 2013, the Company completed a $500.0 million unsecured ten year note offering with a coupon of 3.00% and an all-in effective interest rate of approximately 4.0% including the effect of fees and the termination of certain interest rate hedges. In February 2013, the Company issued 34,468,085 Common Shares with a value of $1.9 billion based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR Common Shares of $55.99 per share to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. as partial consideration for the acquisition of the Archstone Portfolio. In December 2012, the Company raised $1.2 billion in equity in a public offering of 21,850,000 Common Shares priced at $54.75 per share.  On January 11, 2013, the Company replaced its existing $1.75 billion credit facility with a $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing April 1, 2018. The Company believes that the new facility, provided by a diversified and strong bank group, increases its balance sheet flexibility going forward. On January 11, 2013, the Company also entered into a senior unsecured $750.0 million delayed draw term loan facility which was  41 Table of Contents fully drawn on February 27, 2013 in connection with the Archstone Acquisition. In October 2013, the Company used cash on hand from dispositions to repay $963.5 million outstanding of 5.883% mortgage debt assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction prior to the November 1, 2014 maturity date. Also in October 2013, the Company closed a new $800.0 million mortgage loan from a large insurance company which matures on November 10, 2023, is interest only and carries a fixed interest rate of 4.21%. The Company used the loan proceeds from this new loan to simultaneously repay $825.0 million of a $1.27 billion mortgage loan assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction. The approximately $440.0 million balance will remain outstanding, continue to mature in November 2017 and continue to carry a fixed interest rate of 6.256%. In conjunction with the early debt extinguishment activity discussed above, the Company incurred cash prepayment costs of approximately $151.0 million and a net charge to earnings of approximately $42.9 million after consideration of the write-off of the Archstone-related debt premium. The Company believes it has obtained favorable interest terms on this long term debt and has substantially extended the duration of its debt maturities as well as reduced its 2014 and 2017 maturities as a percentage of outstanding debt.  We believe that cash and cash equivalents, securities readily convertible to cash, current availability on our revolving credit facility and disposition proceeds for 2014 will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our funding obligations relating to asset acquisitions, debt maturities and existing development projects through 2014. We expect that our remaining longer-term funding requirements will be met through some combination of new borrowings, equity issuances, property dispositions, joint ventures and cash generated from operations. There is significant uncertainty surrounding the futures of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the “Government Sponsored Enterprises” or “GSEs”) and recent changes in leadership of the GSEs' regulator has heightened this uncertainty. Through their lender originator networks, the GSEs are significant lenders both to the Company and to buyers of the Company's properties. The GSEs have a mandate to support multifamily housing through their financing activities. Any changes to their mandates, further reductions in their size or the scale of their activities or loss of key personnel could have a significant impact on the Company and may, among other things, lead to lower values for our assets and higher interest rates on our borrowings. During the first quarter of 2013, the regulator of the GSEs required the GSEs to decrease their 2013 multifamily lending activities by 10% compared to 2012 levels and it is not clear if further reductions will be mandated.  The GSEs' regulator may require the GSEs to focus more of their lending activities on properties that the regulator deems affordable, which may or may not include the Company's assets.  By selling the assets required to pay for Archstone in the first half of 2013, the Company substantially mitigated the risk that changes in GSE activity would impact its Archstone-related disposition program. Reductions in GSE activity or increases in GSE loan pricing may also provide a competitive advantage to us by making the cost of financing multifamily properties more expensive for other multifamily owners while the Company continues to have access to cheaper capital in the public and private debt and equity markets (see examples of this access discussed above). Over time, we expect that other lenders, including the commercial mortgage-backed securities market and life insurance companies, will become larger sources of debt capital to the multifamily market because multifamily properties are attractive to lenders due to their relatively stable cash flows. We expect continued growth in revenue (anticipated 2014 same store revenue increase ranging from 3.0% to 4.0%) and NOI (anticipated 2014 same store NOI increase ranging from 3.50% to 4.75%) and are optimistic that the continued strength in fundamentals across most of our markets will produce solid performance through 2014 and beyond.  These same-store assumptions include the nearly 18,500 stabilized apartment units that we acquired in the Archstone Transaction.  We believe the key drivers behind the anticipated increase in revenue are base rent pricing for new residents, renewal pricing for existing residents, resident turnover and physical occupancy.   For 2014, we expect average base rent growth of 3.25%, an increase in renewal rates of 4.75%, occupancy of 95.4% and turnover at 51.5%.  Our largest market, Washington D.C., continues to show signs of stress as new supply and the impact of sequestration and furloughs have dampened the metro area economy. However, as evidenced by our continued high occupancy levels, there continues to be healthy demand for apartments in Washington D.C. even in the face of declining government payrolls and procurement. As the supply peaks in 2014, we expect our Washington D.C. results to produce a 1% decline in same store revenues during 2014, which will likely reduce our expected Company-wide same store revenue growth by 1%. Despite slow growth in the overall economy and the issues noted in Washington D.C., our business continues to perform well because of the combined forces of demographics, household formations and increasing consumer preference for the flexibility of rental housing, all of which should ensure a continued strong demand for rental housing. The Company anticipates that 2014 same store expenses will increase 2.0% to 3.0% primarily due to increases in real estate taxes, which are expected to increase 5.25%, and utilities, which are expected to increase in excess of 7.5%. The increase in real estate taxes is primarily due to rate and value increases in certain states and municipalities, reflecting those states' and municipalities' continued economic challenges and the dramatic improvement in apartment values and fundamentals as well as the continued burn off of 421a tax abatements in New York City.  The increase in utilities is primarily due to a combination of increases in natural gas prices, increased consumption of gas and electric due to historically low temperatures and increases in water and sewer costs as many municipalities have antiquated systems with limited revenue for modernization.  Expense growth  42 Table of Contents in the core property level expenses (excluding real estate taxes and utilities) continues to be modest as the Company leverages the geographic locations of its new same-store portfolio and technology to lower costs, which should partially offset the increase in real estate taxes and utilities. We believe that the Company is well-positioned as of December 31, 2013 because our properties are geographically diverse, were approximately 93.8% occupied (94.8% on a same store basis) and the long-term demographic picture is positive. We believe certain market areas, especially Washington D.C., downtown Boston and Cambridge and downtown Seattle, will see substantial near term multifamily supply yet total new supply levels for our core markets remain within historical ranges. We believe over the longer term that our core markets will absorb future supply without material marketwide disruption because of the high occupancy levels we currently experience and increasing household formations. We have seen evidence of this in Seattle as supply has been absorbed and rental rates continue to grow. We believe our strong balance sheet and ample liquidity will allow us to fund our debt maturities and development costs in the near term, and should also allow us to take advantage of investment opportunities in the future. The current environment information presented above is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Results of Operations In conjunction with our business objectives and operating strategy, the Company continued to invest in apartment properties located in strategically targeted markets during the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  December 31, 2012 . In summary, we: Year Ended  December 31, 2013 : ▪ Acquired $8.5 billion of apartment properties consisting of 73 consolidated properties and 20,914 apartment units (inclusive of eight long-term ground leases) at a weighted average cap rate (see definition below) of 4.9% and 14 consolidated land parcels for $260.6 million, all of which we deem to be in our strategic targeted markets; ▪ Acquired three consolidated master-leased properties consisting of 853 apartment units (inclusive of one long-term ground lease) for $250.9 million at a weighted average cap rate of 5.6%; ▪ Acquired two consolidated uncompleted developments for $36.6 million; ▪ Acquired one unconsolidated apartment property consisting of 336 apartment units for $5.1 million at a weighted average cap rate of 5.8% and one unconsolidated land parcel for $6.6 million; ▪ Acquired two unconsolidated uncompleted developments for $14.9 million; ▪ Sold $4.5 billion of consolidated apartment properties consisting of 94 properties and 29,180 apartment units at a weighted average cap rate of 6.0% generating an unlevered internal rate of return ("IRR"), inclusive of management costs, of 10.0% (excluding the sale of three Archstone assets), the majority of which were in exit or less desirable markets; ▪ Sold seven consolidated land parcels and one consolidated commercial building for $130.4 million; and ▪ Sold one unconsolidated land parcel for $26.4 million (sales price is the gross sales price and EQR's share of the net sales proceeds approximated 25%). Year Ended  December 31, 2012 : ▪ Acquired $906.3 million of apartment properties consisting of nine consolidated properties and 1,896 apartment units at a weighted average cap rate (see definition below) of 4.7% and acquired  six  land parcels for $141.2 million, all of which we deem to be in our strategic targeted markets; and ▪ Sold $1.1 billion of consolidated apartment properties consisting of 35 properties and 9,012 apartment units at a weighted average cap rate of 6.2%, the majority of which were in exit or less desirable markets.  These sales, excluding two leveraged partially-owned assets sold during the third quarter, generated an unlevered IRR, inclusive of management costs, of 10.6%. The Company's primary financial measure for evaluating each of its apartment communities is net operating income (“NOI”). NOI represents rental income less property and maintenance expense, real estate tax and insurance expense and property management expense. The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company's apartment communities.  The cap rate is generally the first year NOI yield (net of replacements) on the Company's investment. Properties that the Company owned and were stabilized (see definition below) for all of both  2013  and  2012  (the “ 2013   43 Table of Contents Same Store Properties”), which represented  80,247  apartment units, impacted the Company's results of operations. Properties that the Company owned for all of both  2012  and  2011  (the “ 2012  Same Store Properties”), which represented  98,577  apartment units, also impacted the Company's results of operations. Both the  2013  Same Store Properties and  2012  Same Store Properties are discussed in the following paragraphs. The following tables provide a rollforward of the apartment units included in Same Store Properties and a reconciliation of apartment units included in Same Store Properties to those included in Total Properties for the year ended  December 31, 2013 :   Year Ended   December 31, 2013   Properties Apartment Units Same Store Properties at December 31, 2012 359 98,577       2011 acquisitions 21 6,198 2011 acquisitions not stabilized (1 ) (95 ) 2013 dispositions (94 ) (29,180 ) 2013 dispositions not yet included in same store (1) 5 1,896 Lease-up properties stabilized 6 2,829 Other — 22       Same Store Properties at December 31, 2013 296 80,247   Year Ended   December 31, 2013   Properties Apartment Units Same Store 296 80,247       Non-Same Store:     2013 acquisitions 77 22,103 2012 acquisitions 9 1,896 2013 dispositions not yet included in same store (1) (3 ) (1,536 )    Lease-up properties not yet stabilized (2) 8 2,023    Other 1 9 Total Non-Same Store 92 24,495 Military Housing (not consolidated) 2 5,113       Total Properties and Apartment Units 390 109,855       Note: Properties are considered "stabilized" when they have achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months. Properties are included in Same Store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. (1) Includes three properties containing 1,536 apartment units acquired on February 27, 2013 in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition that were subsequently sold in 2013 and two properties containing 360 apartment units in lease-up that were sold in 2013. (2) Includes properties in various stages of lease-up and properties where lease-up has been completed but the properties were not stabilized for the comparable periods presented. The Company's acquisition, disposition and completed development activities also impacted overall results of operations for the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 .  The impacts of these activities are discussed in greater detail in the following paragraphs.      44 Table of Contents Comparison of the year ended  December 31, 2013  to the year ended  December 31, 2012        For the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company reported diluted earnings per share of  $5.16  compared to  $2.70  per share for the year ended  December 31, 2012 .  The difference is primarily due to higher gains from property sales in 2013 vs. 2012 and higher total property net operating income driven by the positive impact of the Company's same store and stabilized Archstone properties, partially offset by $73.9 million of merger-related expenses incurred in connection with the Archstone Acquisition, $121.7 million of costs incurred in connection with early debt extinguishment of existing mortgage notes payable to manage the Company's post Archstone 2017 maturities profile, higher depreciation as a direct result of the Archstone Transaction, the issuance of Common Shares to the public in December 2012 and to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. in February 2013 as partial consideration for the Archstone Acquisition and the Company's recognition of $150.0 million in Archstone-related termination fees in 2012. For the year ended  December 31, 2013 , loss from continuing operations increased approximately  $328.5 million  when compared to the year ended  December 31, 2012 . The decrease in continuing operations is discussed below. Revenues from the  2013  Same Store Properties increased  $76.0 million  primarily as a result of an increase in average rental rates charged to residents, slightly higher occupancy and a decrease in turnover. Expenses from the  2013  Same Store Properties increased  $20.2 million  primarily due to increases in real estate taxes, utilities and repairs and maintenance costs, partially offset by lower property management costs.  The following tables provide comparative same store results and statistics for the  2013  Same Store Properties: 2013 vs. 2012 Same Store Results/Statistics for 80,247 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands (except for Average Rental Rate)                               Results   Statistics                 Average Rental Rate (1)         Description   Revenues   Expenses   NOI     Occupancy   Turnover 2013   $ 1,769,280   $ 607,243   $ 1,162,037   $ 1,926   95.4 %   55.6 % 2012   $ 1,693,239   $ 587,037   $ 1,106,202   $ 1,846   95.3 %   56.3 % Change   $ 76,041   $ 20,206   $ 55,835   $ 80   0.1 %   (0.7 %) Change   4.5 %   3.4 %   5.0 %   4.3 %         (1) Average rental rate is defined as total rental revenues divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the period. The following table provides comparative same store operating expenses for the  2013  Same Store Properties: 2013 vs. 2012 Same Store Operating Expenses for 80,247 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands                     % of Actual 2013 Operating Expenses                         Actual 2013   Actual 2012   $ Change   % Change               Real estate taxes   $ 200,315   $ 185,646   $ 14,669   7.9 %   33.0 % On-site payroll (1)   129,543   127,198   2,345   1.8 %   21.3 % Utilities (2)   89,941   86,326   3,615   4.2 %   14.8 % Repairs and maintenance (3)   82,280   78,729   3,551   4.5 %   13.6 % Property management costs (4)   58,386   63,496   (5,110 )   (8.0 %)   9.6 % Insurance   19,585   18,427   1,158   6.3 %   3.2 % Leasing and advertising   9,486   9,225   261   2.8 %   1.6 % Other on-site operating expenses (5)   17,707   17,990   (283 )   (1.6 %)   2.9 % Same store operating expenses   $ 607,243   $ 587,037   $ 20,206   3.4  %   100.0 % 45 Table of Contents (1) On-site payroll – Includes payroll and related expenses for on-site personnel including property managers, leasing consultants and maintenance staff. (2) Utilities – Represents gross expenses prior to any recoveries under the Resident Utility Billing System (“RUBS”). Recoveries are reflected in rental income. (3) Repairs and maintenance – Includes general maintenance costs, apartment unit turnover costs including interior painting, routine landscaping, security, exterminating, fire protection, snow removal, elevator, roof and parking lot repairs and other miscellaneous building repair costs. (4) Property management costs – Includes payroll and related expenses for departments, or portions of departments, that directly support on-site management. These include such departments as regional and corporate property management, property accounting, human resources, training, marketing and revenue management, procurement, real estate tax, property legal services and information technology. (5) Other on-site operating expenses – Includes ground lease costs and administrative costs such as office supplies, telephone and data charges and association and business licensing fees. The following table presents a reconciliation of operating income per the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income to NOI for the  2013  Same Store Properties:     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012     (Amounts in thousands) Operating income   $ 512,288   $ 514,122 Adjustments:         Non-same store operating results   (388,165 )   (10,912 ) Fee and asset management revenue   (9,698 )   (9,573 ) Fee and asset management expense   6,460   4,663 Depreciation   978,973   560,669 General and administrative   62,179   47,233 Same store NOI   $ 1,162,037   $ 1,106,202 For properties that the Company acquired prior to January 1, 2013 and expects to continue to own through  December 31, 2014  as well as the stabilized apartment units acquired in the Archstone Acquisition, the Company anticipates the following same store results for the full year ending  December 31, 2014 : 2014 Same Store Assumptions Physical occupancy   95.4% Revenue change   3.0% to 4.0% Expense change   2.0% to 3.0% NOI change   3.50% to 4.75% The Company anticipates consolidated rental acquisitions of $500.0 million and consolidated rental dispositions of $500.0 million and expects that acquisitions will have a 1.00% lower cap rate than dispositions for the full year ending  December 31, 2014 .      These  2014  assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking. Non-same store operating results increased approximately $377.3 million and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years  2012  and  2013 , as well as operations from the Company’s completed development properties. Although the operations of both the non-same store assets and the same store assets have been positively impacted during the year ended December 31, 2013, the non-same store assets have contributed a greater percentage of total NOI to the Company’s overall operating results primarily due to 2012 and 2013 acquisitions, increasing occupancy for properties in lease-up and a longer ownership period in 2013 than 2012. This increase primarily resulted from: ▪ Development and other miscellaneous properties in lease-up of $7.2 million; ▪ Operating properties acquired in 2013 as part of the Archstone Transaction of $346.0 million; ▪ Other properties acquired in 2012 and 2013 of $23.7 million; ▪ Newly stabilized development and other miscellaneous properties of $5.5 million; and ▪ Partially offset by an allocation of property management costs not included in same store results and operating activities from other miscellaneous operations. 46 Table of Contents See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Fee and asset management revenues, net of fee and asset management expenses, decreased approximately  $1.7 million  or  34.1%  primarily as a result of higher expenses and lower revenue earned on management of the Company's military housing ventures at Fort Lewis and McChord Air Force Base, partially offset by fees earned on management of the Company’s unconsolidated development joint ventures. Property management expenses from continuing operations include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the Company’s properties as well as management fees paid to any third party management companies. These expenses increased approximately  $2.4 million  or  3.0% . This increase is primarily attributable to an increase in payroll-related costs and an increase in computer operations due to the modernization of employee technology, partially offset by the timing of legal and professional fees. Depreciation expense from continuing operations, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately  $418.3 million  or  74.6%  primarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2013 (including the Archstone properties), development properties placed in service and capital expenditures for all properties owned, partially offset by a decrease in the amortization of furniture, fixtures and equipment that were fully depreciated. In-place residential lease intangibles are generally amortized over a six month period and can significantly elevate depreciation expense following an acquisition, especially during 2013 as a direct result of the Archstone Acquisition. General and administrative expenses from continuing operations, which include corporate operating expenses, increased approximately  $14.9 million  or  31.6%  primarily due to an increase in payroll-related costs, which is largely a result of higher and accelerated long-term compensation expense for retirement eligible employees and higher compensation related to the Archstone Transaction, as well as an increase in office rent. The Company anticipates that general and administrative expenses will approximate $50.0 million to $52.0 million for the year ending  December 31, 2014 . The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Interest and other income from continuing operations decreased  $145.9 million  or  96.9%  primarily due to the Company recognizing $150.0 million in Archstone-related termination fees during the year ended  December 31, 2012 , partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of investment securities and technology investments during the year ended December 31, 2013. The Company anticipates that interest and other income will approximate $0.5 million for the year ending December 31, 2014. The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Other expenses from continuing operations decreased approximately  $12.6 million  or  58.0%  primarily due to the lower property pursuit costs as the Company focused on its pursuit of the Archstone Acquisition. Merger expenses from continuing operations, which includes direct costs incurred from the Archstone Acquisition such as investment banking and legal/accounting costs, increased approximately  $14.2 million  as a result of the closing of the Archstone Acquisition during the year ended  December 31, 2013 . Interest expense from continuing operations, including amortization of deferred financing costs, increased approximately  $132.5 million  or  27.8%  primarily as a result of the following: ▪ $121.7 million of costs incurred on early debt extinguishments in 2013 on existing mortgage notes payable to manage the Company's post Archstone 2017 maturities profile; ▪ Interest expense on the Company's $750.0 million delayed draw term loan facility which was fully drawn on February 27, 2013; and ▪ Interest expense on $500.0 million of unsecured notes that closed in April 2013. The above increases to interest expense were partially offset by the following:  ▪ Higher capitalized interest in 2013 (see below); ▪ The repayment of $253.9 million of 6.625% unsecured notes in March 2012; ▪ The repayment of $221.1 million of 5.500% unsecured notes in October 2012;  ▪ The repayment of a $543.0 million mortgage pool in March 2013; ▪ The repayment of $400.0 million of 5.200% unsecured notes in April 2013; ▪ The repayment of $963.5 million of 5.883% Pool 4 mortgage debt in October 2013; and ▪ The partial paydown of $825.0 million of 6.256% Pool 3 mortgage debt in October 2013.  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company capitalized interest costs of approximately $47.3 million as compared to $22.5 million for the year ended  December 31, 2012 . This capitalization of interest primarily relates to consolidated projects  47 Table of Contents under development. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 4.91% (excluding $107.6 million in net debt extinguishment costs) as compared to 5.37% for the year ended  December 31, 2012 . The Company anticipates that interest expense from continuing operations will approximate $449.1 million to $461.4 million (excluding debt extinguishment costs) for the year ending  December 31, 2014 . The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Income and other tax expense from continuing operations increased approximately  $0.7 million  primarily due to increases in taxes related to land parcel sales owned by the Company's TRS as well as increases in all other taxes. The Company anticipates that income and other tax expense will approximate $1.0 million to $2.0 million for the year ending  December 31, 2014 . The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities due to operations increased by  $4.1 million  as a result of the unconsolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Archstone Transaction. Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities due to merger expenses, which includes indirect costs incurred from the Archstone Acquisition through the Company's joint ventures with AVB, increased primarily as a result of severance obligations and retention bonuses in connection with the Archstone Acquisition through our 60% interest in unconsolidated joint ventures. Net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities increased due to the gain on sale of one unconsolidated land parcel during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to no sales during the year ended  December 31, 2012 . Net gain on sales of land parcels increased approximately  $12.2 million  due to the gain on sale of seven land parcels during the year ended  December 31, 2013  as compared to no land sales during the year ended  December 31, 2012 . Discontinued operations, net increased approximately  $1.4 billion  between the periods under comparison. This increase is primarily due to higher gains on sales from dispositions during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012, partially offset by properties sold in 2013 that reflect operations for a partial period in 2013 in contrast to a full period in 2012. See Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Comparison of the year ended  December 31, 2012  to the year ended  December 31, 2011   For the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company reported diluted earnings per share of  $2.70  compared to  $2.98  per share for the year ended  December 31, 2011 . The difference is primarily due to higher gains from property sales in 2011 vs. 2012, partially offset by higher total property net operating income driven by the positive impact of the Company’s same store and lease-up activity and the Company's recognition of $150.0 million in termination fees related to our pursuit of Archstone. For the year ended  December 31, 2012 , income from continuing operations increased approximately  $233.2 million  when compared to the year ended  December 31, 2011 . The increase in continuing operations is discussed below. Revenues from the 2012 Same Store Properties increased  $97.5 million  primarily as a result of an increase in average rental rates charged to residents and slightly higher occupancy, partially offset by increased turnover. Expenses from the 2012 Same Store Properties increased  $11.2 million  primarily due to increases in real estate taxes and insurance, partially offset by a decrease in utilities. The following tables provide comparative same store results and statistics for the 2012 Same Store Properties: 2012 vs. 2011 Same Store Results/Statistics for 98,577 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands (except for Average Rental Rate)                               Results   Statistics                 Average Rental Rate (1)         Description   Revenues   Expenses   NOI     Occupancy   Turnover 2012   $ 1,868,918   $ 649,914   $ 1,219,004   $ 1,658   95.4 %   58.2 % 2011   $ 1,771,449   $ 638,671   $ 1,132,778   $ 1,575   95.2 %   57.3 % Change   $ 97,469   $ 11,243   $ 86,226   $ 83   0.2 %   0.9 % Change   5.5 %   1.8 %   7.6 %   5.3 %         48 Table of Contents (1) Average rental rate is defined as total rental revenues divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the period. The following table provides comparative same store operating expenses for the  2012  Same Store Properties: 2012 vs. 2011 Same Store Operating Expenses for 98,577 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands                           Actual 2012   Actual 2011   $ Change   % Change   % of Actual 2012 Operating Expenses Real estate taxes   $ 197,316   $ 184,773   $ 12,543   6.8 %   30.3 % On-site payroll (1)   146,637   145,979   658   0.5 %   22.5 % Utilities (2)   97,313   98,572   (1,259 )   (1.3 %)   15.0 % Repairs and maintenance (3)   88,931   89,152   (221 )   (0.2 %)   13.7 % Property management costs (4)   70,084   70,858   (774 )   (1.1 %)   10.8 % Insurance   20,629   19,257   1,372   7.1 %   3.2 % Leasing and advertising   10,812   11,798   (986 )   (8.4 %)   1.7 % Other on-site operating expenses (5)   18,192   18,282   (90 )   (0.5 %)   2.8 % Same store operating expenses   $ 649,914   $ 638,671   $ 11,243   1.8 %   100.0 % (1) On-site payroll – Includes payroll and related expenses for on-site personnel including property managers, leasing consultants and maintenance staff. (2) Utilities – Represents gross expenses prior to any recoveries under the Resident Utility Billing System (“RUBS”). Recoveries are reflected in rental income. (3) Repairs and maintenance – Includes general maintenance costs, apartment unit turnover costs including interior painting, routine landscaping, security, exterminating, fire protection, snow removal, elevator, roof and parking lot repairs and other miscellaneous building repair costs. (4) Property management costs – Includes payroll and related expenses for departments, or portions of departments, that directly support on-site management. These include such departments as regional and corporate property management, property accounting, human resources, training, marketing and revenue management, procurement, real estate tax, property legal services and information technology. (5) Other on-site operating expenses – Includes administrative costs such as office supplies, telephone and data charges, association and business licensing fees and ground lease costs. Non-same store operating results increased approximately $95.0 million and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2011 and 2012, as well as operations from the Company’s completed development properties. Although the operations of both the non-same store assets and the same store assets have been positively impacted during the year ended December 31, 2012, the non-same store assets have contributed a greater percentage of total NOI to the Company’s overall operating results primarily due to 2011 and 2012 acquisitions, increasing occupancy for properties in lease-up and a longer ownership period in 2012 than 2011. This increase primarily resulted from: ▪ Development and other miscellaneous properties in lease-up of $12.3 million; ▪ Properties acquired in 2011 and 2012 of $75.1 million; and ▪ Newly stabilized development and other miscellaneous properties of $5.9 million. See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company's segment disclosures. Fee and asset management revenues, net of fee and asset management expenses, increased approximately  $0.2 million  or  3.4%  primarily as a result of fees earned on management of the Company’s unconsolidated development joint ventures, partially offset by lower revenues earned on management of the Company's military housing ventures at Fort Lewis and McChord Air Force Base and higher expenses. Property management expenses from continuing operations include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the Company’s properties as well as management fees paid to any third party management companies. These expenses were consistent between the periods under comparison. 49 Table of Contents Depreciation expense from continuing operations, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately  $54.5 million  or  10.8%  primarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2011 and 2012, development properties placed in service and capital expenditures for all properties owned, partially offset by a decrease in the amortization of both in-place leases and furniture, fixtures and equipment that were fully depreciated. General and administrative expenses from continuing operations, which include corporate operating expenses, increased approximately  $3.6 million  or  8.3%  primarily due to an increase in payroll-related costs, which is largely a result of the acceleration of long-term compensation expense for retirement eligible employees, partially offset by a decrease in office rent. Interest and other income from continuing operations increased approximately  $142.6 million  primarily due to the Company recognizing $150.0 million in termination fees related to our pursuit of the Archstone Acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2012, partially offset by lower interest earned on cash and cash equivalents due to lower overall cash invested during the year ended December 31, 2012 as well as forfeited deposits for terminated disposition transactions, proceeds received from the Company’s final royalty participation in LRO/Rainmaker (a revenue management system) and litigation settlement proceeds that all occurred during the year ended December 31, 2011 and did not reoccur during the year ended December 31, 2012. Other expenses from continuing operations increased approximately  $9.3 million  or  74.9%  primarily due to the settlement of a dispute with the owners of a land parcel, an increase in the expensing of overhead (pursuit costs write-offs) as a result of a more active focus on sourcing new development opportunities and an increase in property acquisition costs incurred in conjunction with the Company's 2012 acquisitions. Merger expenses from continuing operations, which includes direct costs incurred from the Archstone Acquisition such as investment banking and legal/accounting costs, increased approximately $3.9 million as the Company focused on its pursuit of the Archstone Acquisition, which closed in the first quarter of 2013. Interest expense from continuing operations, including amortization of deferred financing costs, decreased approximately  $0.3 million  or  0.1%  primarily as a result of lower interest expense on mortgage notes payable due to lower balances during the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011, higher capitalized interest in 2012, the redemption of the Company's $650.0 million of unsecured notes in August 2011 and the repayment of $253.9 million of 6.625% unsecured notes in March 2012, partially offset by interest expense on the $1.0 billion of unsecured notes that closed in December 2011. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company capitalized interest costs of approximately $22.5 million as compared to $9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. This capitalization of interest primarily relates to consolidated projects under development. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness for the year ended December 31, 2012 was 5.37% as compared to 5.30% for the year ended December 31, 2011. Income and other tax expense from continuing operations decreased approximately  $0.2 million  or  27.2%  primarily due to decreases in all other taxes. Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities due to operations increased as a result of the start of operations at one of the Company's unconsolidated development joint ventures. Net gain on sales of land parcels decreased approximately  $4.2 million  due to the gain on sale of a land parcel located in suburban Washington, D.C. during the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to no land sales during the year ended December 31, 2012. Discontinued operations, net decreased approximately  $287.2 million  or  28.5%  between the periods under comparison. This decrease is primarily due to higher gains on sales from dispositions during the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to the same period in 2012. Properties sold in 2012 reflect operations for a partial period in 2012 in contrast to a full period in 2011. See Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the Year Ended  December 31, 2013   EQR issues public equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of ERPOP.  EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. As of January 1,  2013 , the Company had approximately  $612.6 million  of cash and cash equivalents, its restricted 1031  50 Table of Contents exchange proceeds totaled  $152.2 million  and it had $1.72 billion available under its revolving credit facility (net of  $30.2 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit). After taking into effect the various transactions discussed in the following paragraphs and the net cash provided by operating activities, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance at  December 31, 2013  was approximately  $53.5 million  and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was  $2.35 billion  (net of  $34.9 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of  $115.0 million  outstanding). During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company generated proceeds from various transactions, which included the following: ▪ Disposed of 94 consolidated properties, one commercial building and seven land parcels, receiving net proceeds of approximately $4.6 billion; ▪ Disposed of one unconsolidated land parcel and a portion of the Company's unconsolidated interest in German residential real estate, receiving net proceeds of $25.5 million; ▪ Obtained $750.0 million of proceeds from its senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility that was drawn upon in connection with the Archstone Acquisition; ▪ Issued $500.0 million of ten-year 3.00% fixed rate public notes, receiving net proceeds of $495.6 million before underwriting fees and other expenses, at an all-in effective interest rate of 3.998%; ▪ Obtained $800.0 million of proceeds in a secured loan pool from a large insurance company and $102.9 million in other new mortgage financings; and ▪ Issued approximately 0.7 million Common Shares related to share option exercises and ESPP purchases and received net proceeds of $20.7 million, which were contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis).      During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the above proceeds were primarily utilized to: ▪ Acquire the Archstone Portfolio for approximately $4.0 billion in cash (see Note 4 for details of the transaction); ▪ Acquire one additional rental property and one additional land parcel for approximately $108.3 million; ▪ Invest $377.4 million primarily in development projects; and ▪ Repay  $2.5 billion  of mortgage loans and $400.0 million of unsecured notes.       On February 27, 2013, the Company issued 34,468,085 Common Shares to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. as partial consideration for the portion of the Archstone Portfolio acquired by the Company. The shares had a total value of $1.9 billion based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR Common Shares of $55.99 per share. Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued 34,468,085 OP Units to EQR. On March 7, 2013, EQR filed a shelf registration statement relating to the resale of these shares by the selling shareholders. Lehman has since sold all of these Common Shares. On November 28, 2012, as a partial source of funding for the Archstone Acquisition, EQR priced the issuance of  21,850,000 Common Shares at a price of $54.75 per share for total consideration of approximately $1.2 billion, after deducting underwriting commissions of $35.9 million. Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued 21,850,000 OP Units to EQR. In September 2009, EQR announced the establishment of an At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program which would allow EQR to sell up to 17.0 million Common Shares from time to time over the next three years (later increased by 5.7 million Common Shares and extended to February 2014) into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis). EQR may, but shall have no obligation to, sell Common Shares through the ATM share offering program in amounts and at times to be determined by EQR. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by EQR from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of EQR’s Common Shares and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for EQR. On July 30, 2013, the Company filed a new universal shelf registration statement to replace its existing universal shelf registration statement, which expired October 15, 2013. The Board of Trustees also approved an increase to the amount of shares which be may offered under the ATM program to 13.0 million Common Shares and extended the program maturity to July 2016. EQR has not issued any shares under this program since September 14, 2012.  Through February 21, 2014, EQR has cumulatively issued approximately 16.7 million Common Shares at an average price of $48.53 per share for total consideration of approximately $809.9 million.      On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2011 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2011 Plan”).  The 2011 Plan reserved  12,980,741  Common Shares for issuance.  In conjunction with the approval of the 2011 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2002 Share Incentive Plan.  The 2011 Plan expires on June 16, 2021.  See Note 12 in the  51 Table of Contents Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Depending on its analysis of market prices, economic conditions and other opportunities for the investment of available capital, EQR may repurchase its Common Shares pursuant to its existing share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Trustees. Effective July 30, 2013, the Board of Trustees approved an increase and modification to the Company's share repurchase program to allow for the potential repurchase of up to 13.0 million shares. No shares were repurchased during 2013 or at any time for open market repurchases since 2008. See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Depending on its analysis of prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors, the Company may from time to time seek to repurchase and retire its outstanding debt in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The Company’s total debt summary and debt maturity schedules as of  December 31, 2013  are as follows: Debt Summary as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands)     Amounts (1)   % of Total   Weighted Average Rates (1)   Weighted Average Maturities (years) Secured   $ 5,174,166   48.1 %   4.23 %   8.4 Unsecured   5,592,088   51.9 %   4.91 %   4.5 Total   $ 10,766,254   100.0 %   4.56 %   6.3 Fixed Rate Debt:                 Secured – Conventional   $ 4,393,341   40.8 %   4.68 %   6.9 Unsecured – Public/Private   4,727,088   43.9 %   5.55 %   5.1 Fixed Rate Debt   9,120,429   84.7 %   5.09 %   5.9 Floating Rate Debt:                 Secured – Conventional   57,002   0.6 %   2.32 %   0.8 Secured – Tax Exempt   723,823   6.7 %   0.63 %   17.2 Unsecured – Public/Private   750,000   6.9 %   1.58 %   1.0 Unsecured – Revolving Credit Facility   115,000   1.1 %   1.26 %   4.3 Floating Rate Debt   1,645,825   15.3 %   1.20 %   8.5 Total   $ 10,766,254   100.0 %   4.56 %   6.3 (1) Net of the effect of any derivative instruments. Weighted average rates are for the year ended December 31, 2013 and do not include $113.6 million of write-offs of unamortized premiums related to the early repayment of $1.8 billion in mortgage notes payable during the quarter ended December 31, 2013. Note: The Company capitalized interest of approximately $47.3 million and $22.5 million during the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively.  52 Table of Contents Debt Maturity Schedule as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands)     Fixed Rate (1)   Floating Rate (1)           Weighted Average Rates on Fixed  Rate Debt (1)   Weighted Average Rates on  Total Debt (1) Year       Total   % of Total     2014   $ 512,067   $ 49,017   $ 561,084   5.2  %   5.25 %   5.03 % 2015   420,448   750,000 (2) 1,170,448   10.9  %   6.28 %   3.13 % 2016   1,193,251   —   1,193,251   11.1  %   5.34 %   5.34 % 2017   1,346,735   456   1,347,191   12.5  %   6.16 %   6.16 % 2018   84,357   212,659 (3) 297,016   2.8  %   5.61 %   2.37 % 2019   806,639   20,766   827,405   7.7  %   5.48 %   5.35 % 2020   1,678,601   809   1,679,410   15.6  %   5.49 %   5.49 % 2021   1,195,242   856   1,196,098   11.1  %   4.63 %   4.64 % 2022   228,933   905   229,838   2.1  %   3.17 %   3.18 % 2023   1,303,079   956   1,304,035   12.1  %   3.75 %   3.75 % 2024+   297,923   674,988   972,911   9.0  %   6.25 %   2.21 % Premium/(Discount)   53,154   (65,587 )   (12,433 )   (0.1 )%   N/A   N/A                           Total   $ 9,120,429   $ 1,645,825   $ 10,766,254   100.0  %   5.20 %   4.53 % (1) Net of the effect of any derivative instruments. Weighted average rates are as of  December 31, 2013 . (2) Includes the Company's senior unsecured $750.0 million delayed draw term loan facility that matures on January 11, 2015 and is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company. (3) Includes $115.0 million outstanding on the Company's  unsecured revolving credit facility.  As of December 31, 2013, there was approximately $2.35 billion available on this facility. The following table provides a summary of the Company’s unsecured debt as of  December 31, 2013 : Unsecured Debt Summary as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands)     Coupon Rate   Due Date   Face Amount   Unamortized Premium/ (Discount)   Net Balance Fixed Rate Notes:                         5.250%   09/15/14   $ 500,000   $ (44 )   $ 499,956     6.584%   04/13/15   300,000   (138 )   299,862     5.125%   03/15/16   500,000   (117 )   499,883     5.375%   08/01/16   400,000   (479 )   399,521     5.750%   06/15/17   650,000   (1,780 )   648,220     7.125%   10/15/17   150,000   (246 )   149,754     4.750%   07/15/20   600,000   (2,976 )   597,024     4.625%   12/15/21   1,000,000   (3,016 )   996,984     3.000%   04/15/23   500,000   (4,116 )   495,884     7.570%   08/15/26   140,000   —   140,000             4,740,000   (12,912 )   4,727,088 Floating Rate Notes:                     Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility   LIBOR+1.20%   01/11/15 (1)(2) 750,000   —   750,000             750,000   —   750,000 Revolving Credit Facility:   LIBOR+1.05%   04/01/18 (1)(3)  115,000   —   115,000 Total Unsecured Debt           $ 5,605,000   $ (12,912 )   $ 5,592,088 (1) Facilities are private. All other unsecured debt is public. (2) On January 11, 2013, the Company entered into a senior unsecured $750.0 million delayed draw term loan facility which was fully drawn on February 27, 2013 in connection with the Archstone Acquisition. The maturity date of January 11, 2015 is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company.  The interest rate on advances under the term loan facility will generally be LIBOR  53 Table of Contents plus a spread (currently 1.20%), which is dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. (3) On January 11, 2013, the Company replaced its existing $1.75 billion facility with a $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing April 1, 2018. The interest rate on advances under the new credit facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 1.05%) and an annual facility fee (currently 15 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. As of December 31, 2013, there was approximately $2.35 billion available on the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility.  An unspecified amount of equity and debt securities remains available for issuance by EQR and ERPOP under a universal shelf registration statement that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on July 30, 2013 and expires on July 30, 2016.  In July 2013, the Board of Trustees also approved an increase to the amount of shares which be may offered under the ATM program to 13.0 million Common Shares and extended the program maturity to July 2016. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis).      The Company’s “Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio” as of  December 31, 2013  is presented in the following table. The Company calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Common Shares and assumed conversion of all Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company’s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preferred shares outstanding. Equity Residential Capital Structure as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands except for share/unit and per share amounts) Secured Debt           $ 5,174,166   48.1 %     Unsecured Debt           5,592,088   51.9 %     Total Debt           10,766,254   100.0 %   35.6 % Common Shares (includes Restricted Shares)   360,479,260   96.2 %             Units (includes OP Units and LTIP Units)   14,180,376   3.8 %             Total Shares and Units   374,659,636   100.0 %             Common Share Price at December 31, 2013   $ 51.87                             19,433,595   99.7 %     Perpetual Preferred Equity (see below)           50,000   0.3 %     Total Equity           19,483,595   100.0 %   64.4 % Total Market Capitalization           $ 30,249,849       100.0 % Equity Residential Perpetual Preferred Equity as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands except for share and per share amounts) Series   Redemption Date   Outstanding  Shares   Liquidation Value   Annual Dividend  Per Share   Annual Dividend  Amount           Preferred Shares:                     8.29% Series K   12/10/26   1,000,000   $ 50,000   $ 4.145   $ 4,145 Total Perpetual Preferred Equity       1,000,000   $ 50,000       $ 4,145 On August 20, 2012, the Company redeemed its Series N Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares for cash consideration of $150.0 million plus accrued dividends through the redemption date.  As a result of this redemption, the Company recorded the write-off of approximately $5.1 million in original issuance costs as a premium on the redemption of Preferred Shares. The Operating Partnership’s “Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio” as of December 31, 2013 is presented in the following table. The Operating Partnership calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company’s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preference units outstanding. 54 Table of Contents ERP Operating Limited Partnership Capital Structure as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands except for unit and per unit amounts) Secured Debt           $ 5,174,166   48.1 %     Unsecured Debt           5,592,088   51.9 %     Total Debt           10,766,254   100.0 %   35.6 % Total outstanding Units   374,659,636                 Common Share Price at December 31, 2013   $ 51.87                             19,433,595   99.7 %     Perpetual Preference Units (see below)           50,000   0.3 %     Total Equity           19,483,595   100.0 %   64.4 % Total Market Capitalization           $ 30,249,849       100.0 % ERP Operating Limited Partnership Perpetual Preference Units as of  December 31, 2013   (Amounts in thousands except for unit and per unit amounts) Series   Redemption  Date   Outstanding  Units   Liquidation Value   Annual Dividend  Per Unit   Annual Dividend  Amount           Preference Units:                     8.29% Series K   12/10/26   1,000,000   $ 50,000   $ 4.145   $ 4,145 Total Perpetual Preference Units       1,000,000   $ 50,000       $ 4,145 On August 20, 2012, the Operating Partnership redeemed its Series N Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units for cash consideration of $150.0 million plus accrued dividends through the redemption date, in conjunction with  the concurrent redemption of the corresponding Company Preferred Shares.  As a result of this redemption, the Operating Partnership recorded the write-off of approximately $5.1 million in original issuance costs as a premium on the redemption of Preference Units. The Company generally expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related to maintaining its existing properties and scheduled unsecured note and mortgage note repayments, through its working capital, net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facility. Under normal operating conditions, the Company considers its cash provided by operating activities to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payments of distributions. The Company has a flexible dividend policy which it believes will generate payouts closely aligned with the actual annual operating results of the Company’s core business and provide transparency to investors. During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company paid  $0.40  per share for each of the first three quarters and  $0.65  per share for the fourth quarter to bring the total payment for the year (an annual rate of $1.85 per share) to approximately 65% of Normalized FFO.   Beginning in 2014, the Company's annual dividend will be paid based on 65% of the midpoint of the range of Normalized FFO guidance customarily provided as part of the Company's fourth quarter earnings release.  The Company expects the annual dividend payout will be $2.00 per share and the Company intends to pay four quarterly dividends of $0.50 per share in 2014.  All future dividends remain subject to the discretion of the Board of Trustees.  The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking.   While our current dividend policy makes it less likely we will over distribute, it will also lead to a dividend reduction more quickly should operating results deteriorate.  However, whether due to changes in the dividend policy or otherwise, there may be times when the Company experiences shortfalls in its coverage of distributions, which may cause the Company to consider reducing its distributions and/or using the proceeds from property dispositions or additional financing transactions to make up the difference.  Should these shortfalls occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, the Company's financial condition may be adversely affected and it may not be able to maintain its current distribution levels. The Company believes that its expected 2014 operating cash flow will be sufficient to cover capital expenditures and distributions. The Company also expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements, such as scheduled unsecured note and mortgage debt maturities, property acquisitions, financing of construction and development activities through the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities, including additional OP Units, proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures and cash generated from operations after all distributions. In addition, the Company has significant unencumbered properties available to secure additional mortgage borrowings in the event that the public capital markets are unavailable or the cost of alternative sources of capital is too high. The fair value of and cash flow from these unencumbered properties are in excess of the requirements the Company must maintain in order to comply with covenants under its unsecured notes and line of credit. Of the  $26.8 billion  in investment in real estate on the Company’s balance sheet at  December 31, 2013 , $18.0 billion or 67.0% was  55 Table of Contents unencumbered. However, there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will be available to the Company in the future on acceptable terms or otherwise. ERPOP’s credit ratings from Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”), Moody’s and Fitch for its outstanding senior debt are BBB+, Baa1 and BBB+, respectively. EQR’s equity ratings from S&P, Moody’s and Fitch for its outstanding preferred equity are                       BBB+, Baa2 and BBB-, respectively. The Archstone Transaction, related financing activities and property sales adversely impacted our unsecured public debt covenants during the year ended December 31, 2013. However, certain debt repayment and refinancing activities during the quarter ended December 31, 2013 resulted in unsecured public debt covenants that are more consistent with those as of December 31, 2012.  See the following table for a comparison of these covenants at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012:     December 31,  2013   December 31,  2012                 Total Debt to Adjusted Total Assets (not to exceed 60%)   40.0 %   38.6 % Secured Debt to Adjusted Total Assets (not to exceed 40%)   19.2 %   17.6 % Consolidated Income Available for Debt Service to         Maximum Annual Service Charges         (must be at least 1.5 to 1)   3.07   3.00 Total Unsecured Assets to Unsecured Debt         (must be at least 150%)   326.9 %   346.3 % In July 2011, the Company replaced its then existing unsecured revolving credit facility with a new $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on July 13, 2014, subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company. The interest rate on advances under the credit facility was generally LIBOR plus a spread (1.15%) and the Company paid an annual facility fee of 0.2%.  Both the spread and the facility fee were dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long term debt.  Effective January 6, 2012, the Company amended this facility to increase available borrowings by $500.0 million to $1.75 billion.  The terms did not change, including the July 13, 2014 maturity date.  On January 11, 2013, the Company replaced its existing $1.75 billion facility with a $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing April 1, 2018. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $500.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 1.05%) and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 15 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company’s long-term debt. As of  February 21, 2014 , there was available borrowings of  $2.1 billion  (net of  $34.9 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $360.0 million outstanding) on the revolving credit facility. This facility may, among other potential uses, be used to fund property acquisitions, costs for certain properties under development and short-term liquidity requirements. On January 11, 2013, the Company also entered into a new senior unsecured $750.0 million delayed draw term loan facility which was fully drawn on February 27, 2013 in connection with the Archstone Acquisition. The maturity date of January 11, 2015 is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company. The interest rate on advances under the new term loan facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 1.20%), which is dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. See Note 18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the events which occurred subsequent to  December 31, 2013 . Capitalization of Fixed Assets and Improvements to Real Estate Our policy with respect to capital expenditures is generally to capitalize expenditures that improve the value of the property or extend the useful life of the component asset of the property. We track improvements to real estate in two major categories and several subcategories: ▪ Replacements  (inside the apartment unit) . These include: • flooring such as carpets, hardwood, vinyl or tile; • appliances; • mechanical equipment such as individual furnace/air units, hot water heaters, etc; • furniture and fixtures such as kitchen/bath cabinets, light fixtures, ceiling fans, sinks, tubs, toilets, mirrors,  56 Table of Contents countertops, etc; and • blinds. All replacements are depreciated over a five to ten-year estimated useful life. We expense as incurred all make-ready maintenance and turnover costs such as cleaning, interior painting of individual apartment units and the repair of any replacement item noted above. ▪ Building improvements  (outside the apartment unit) . These include: • roof replacement and major repairs; • paving or major resurfacing of parking lots, curbs and sidewalks; • amenities and common areas such as pools, exterior sports and playground equipment, lobbies, clubhouses, laundry rooms, alarm and security systems and offices; • major building mechanical equipment systems; • interior and exterior structural repair and exterior painting and siding; • major landscaping and grounds improvement; and • vehicles and office and maintenance equipment. All building improvements are depreciated over a five to fifteen-year estimated useful life. We capitalize building improvements and upgrades only if the item: (i) exceeds $2,500 (selected projects must exceed $10,000); (ii) extends the useful life of the asset; and (iii) improves the value of the asset. For the year ended  December 31, 2013 , our actual improvements to real estate totaled approximately $135.8 million. This includes the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): Capital Expenditures to Real Estate For the Year Ended  December 31, 2013       Total Apartment Units (1)   Replacements (2)   Avg. Per Apartment Unit   Building Improvements   Avg. Per Apartment Unit   Total   Avg. Per Apartment Unit Same Store Properties (3)   80,247   $ 45,184   $ 563   $ 49,308   $ 615   $ 94,492   $ 1,178 Non-Same Store Properties (4)   22,826   16,668   855   19,246   988   35,914   1,843 Other (5)   —   3,197       2,213       5,410     Total   103,073   $ 65,049       $ 70,767       $ 135,816     (1) Total Apartment Units – Excludes 1,669 unconsolidated apartment units and 5,113 military housing apartment units for which repairs and maintenance expenses and capital expenditures to real estate are self-funded and do not consolidate into the Company’s results. (2) Replacements – Includes new expenditures inside the apartment units such as appliances, mechanical equipment, fixtures and flooring, including carpeting. Replacements for same store properties also include $19.5 million spent in 2013 on apartment unit renovations/rehabs (primarily kitchens and baths) on 2,560 same store apartment units (equating to about $7,600 per apartment unit rehabbed) designed to reposition these assets for higher rental levels in their respective markets. The Company also completed apartment unit renovations/rehabs (primarily kitchens and baths) on 1,200 non-same store apartment units (primarily Archstone properties), equating to a total cost of approximately $11.9 million. (3) Same Store Properties – Primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to January 1, 2012, less properties subsequently sold. (4) Non-Same Store Properties – Primarily includes all properties acquired during 2012 and 2013, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2012. Per apartment unit amounts are based on a weighted average of 19,493 apartment units. Includes approximately ten months of activity for the Archstone properties. (5) Other – Primarily includes expenditures for properties sold during the period. For the year ended  December 31, 2012 , our actual improvements to real estate totaled approximately $152.8 million. This includes the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): 57 Table of Contents Capital Expenditures to Real Estate For the Year Ended  December 31, 2012       Total Apartment Units (1)   Replacements (2)   Avg. Per Apartment Unit   Building Improvements   Avg. Per Apartment Unit   Total   Avg. Per Apartment Unit Same Store Properties (3)   98,577   $ 65,490   $ 664   $ 55,097   $ 559   $ 120,587   $ 1,223 Non-Same Store Properties (4)   11,754   7,599   706   21,788   2,026   29,387   2,732 Other (5)   —   1,723       1,131       2,854     Total   110,331   $ 74,812       $ 78,016       $ 152,828     (1) Total Apartment Units – Excludes 5,039 military housing apartment units for which repairs and maintenance expenses and capital expenditures to real estate are self-funded and do not consolidate into the Company’s results. (2) Replacements – Includes new expenditures inside the apartment units such as appliances, mechanical equipment, fixtures and flooring, including carpeting. Replacements for same store properties also include $33.0 million spent in 2012 on apartment unit renovations/rehabs (primarily kitchens and baths) on 4,427 apartment units (equating to about $7,500 per apartment unit rehabbed) designed to reposition these assets for higher rental levels in their respective markets. (3) Same Store Properties – Primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to January 1, 2011, less properties subsequently sold. (4) Non-Same Store Properties – Primarily includes all properties acquired during 2011 and 2012, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2011. Per apartment unit amounts are based on a weighted average of 10,754 apartment units. (5) Other – Primarily includes expenditures for properties sold during the period.     F or 2014, the Company estimates that it will spend approximately $1,700 per apartment unit of capital expenditures, inclusive of apartment unit renovation/rehab costs, or $1,250 per apartment unit excluding apartment unit renovation/rehab costs. In 2014, the Company expects to spend approximately $45.0 million for all unit renovation/rehab costs (primarily on same store properties) at a weighted average cost of $8,500 per apartment unit rehabbed. The anticipated increased capital expenditure cost per unit over 2013 is primarily driven by increases in building improvement costs (i.e. roofs, mechanical systems and siding) for the Archstone assets as well as certain large building improvement projects the Company had planned to complete in 2013 but will not finalize until 2014.  The Company is also accelerating its rehab/renovation efforts in 2014 with plans to continue to create value from our properties by doing those rehabs that meet our investment parameters. The above assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking.      During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company’s total non-real estate capital additions, such as computer software, computer equipment, and furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements to the Company’s property management offices and its corporate offices, were approximately $4.1 million. The Company expects to fund approximately $2.7 million in total additions to non-real estate property in 2014. The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Improvements to real estate and additions to non-real estate property are generally funded from net cash provided by operating activities and from investment cash flow. Derivative Instruments In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rates or manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place. See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments at  December 31, 2013 . Other Total distributions paid in January  2014  amounted to $243.5 million (excluding distributions on Partially Owned Properties), which included certain distributions declared during the fourth quarter ended  December 31, 2013 . 58 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations Archstone Acquisition     On February 27, 2013, in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, the Company acquired unconsolidated interests in several joint ventures. The Company does not believe that these investments have a materially different impact upon its liquidity, cash flows, capital resources, credit or market risk than its other consolidated operating and/or development activities. Details of these interests follow by project: San Norterra – This venture developed certain land parcels into a  388  unit apartment building located in Phoenix, Arizona.  The Company has an  85%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $16.9 million .  Total project costs are approximately  $56.3 million  and construction was partially funded with a construction loan that is guaranteed by the partner and non-recourse to the Company.  The loan   has a maximum debt commitment of  $34.8 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $33.0 million ; the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus  2.00%  and matures  January 6, 2015 .  The partner is the managing member and developed the project.  The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. Waterton Tenside – This venture was formed to develop and operate a  336  unit apartment property located in Atlanta, Georgia.  The Company has a  20%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $5.1 million .  The partner is the managing member and developed the project. The project is encumbered by a non-recourse mortgage loan that has a current outstanding balance of  $30.6 million , bears interest at  3.66%  and matures  December 1, 2018 . The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. Parkside at Emeryville – This venture is currently developing certain land parcels into a  176  unit apartment building located in Emeryville, California. The Company has a  5%  equity interest with an initial obligation of approximately  $2.1 million .  Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $75.0 million  and construction is being partially funded with a construction loan. The loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $39.5 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $11.4 million ; the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus  2.25%  and matures  August 14, 2015 .  The Company has given a repayment guaranty on the construction loan of 50% of the outstanding balance, up to a maximum of  $19.7 million , and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees. The partner is the managing member and is developing the project.  The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the Archstone Acquisition, subsidiaries of the Company and AVB entered into three limited liability company agreements (collectively, the “Residual JV”).  The Residual JV owns certain non-core Archstone assets that are held for sale, such as interests in a German portfolio of apartment buildings, and succeeded to certain residual Archstone liabilities, such as liability for various employment-related matters.  The Residual JV is owned  60%  by the Company and  40%  by AVB and the Company's initial investment was  $113.6 million . The Residual JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and AVB.  Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners.  As a result, the Residual JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the Archstone Acquisition, a subsidiary of the Company and AVB entered into a limited liability company agreement (the “Legacy JV”), through which they assumed obligations of Archstone in the form of preferred interests, some of which are governed by tax protection arrangements.  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company purchased with AVB  $65.0 million  (of which the Company's  60%  share was  $39.0 million ) of the preferred interests assumed by Legacy JV.  At  December 31, 2013 , the remaining preferred interests have an aggregate liquidation value of  $89.0 million , our share of which is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Obligations of the Legacy JV are borne  60%  by the Company and  40%  by AVB.  The Legacy JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and AVB.  Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners.  As a result, the Legacy JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. Other The Company admitted an  80%  institutional partner to  two  separate entities/transactions (Nexus Sawgrass in December 2010 and Domain in August 2011), each owning a developable land parcel, in exchange for  $40.1 million  in cash and retained a  20%  equity interest in both of these entities.  These projects are now unconsolidated.   Details of these projects follow: • Nexus Sawgrass – This development project was substantially completed as of September 30, 2013.  Total project costs  59 Table of Contents are expected to be approximately  $80.0 million  and construction was predominantly funded with a long-term, non-recourse secured loan from the partner. The mortgage loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $48.7 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $47.6 million ; the loan bears interest at  5.60%  and matures  January 1, 2021 . • Domain – This development project was substantially completed as of December 31, 2013. Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $154.6 million  and construction was predominantly funded with a long-term, non-recourse secured loan from the partner. The mortgage loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $98.6 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $91.6 million ; the loan bears interest at  5.75%  and matures  January 1, 2022 .  While the Company is the managing member of both of the joint ventures, was responsible for constructing both of the projects and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees, the joint venture partner has significant participating rights and has active involvement in and oversight of the ongoing projects. The Company currently has no further funding obligations related to these projects. The Company's strategy with respect to these ventures was to reduce its financial risk related to the development of the properties. However, management does not believe that these investments have a materially different impact upon the Company's liquidity, cash flows, capital resources, credit or market risk than its other consolidated development activities. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company has  14  consolidated projects (including 400 Park Avenue South in New York City which the Company is jointly developing with Toll Brothers and Park Aire in which the Company acquired a 95% interest in connection with the Archstone Transaction – see Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion) totaling  4,017  apartment units and one unconsolidated project totaling  176  apartment units in various stages of development with estimated completion dates ranging through June 30, 2016, as well as other completed development projects that are in various stages of lease up or are stabilized.  The development agreements currently in place are discussed in detail in Note 16 of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. See also Notes 2 and 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s investments in partially owned entities. The following table summarizes the Company’s contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter as of  December 31, 2013 : Payments Due by Year (in thousands) Contractual Obligations   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   Thereafter   Total Debt:                             Principal (a)   $ 561,084   $ 1,170,448   $ 1,193,251   $ 1,347,191   $ 297,016   $ 6,197,264   $ 10,766,254 Interest (b)   467,503   429,935   380,210   330,047   293,614   851,508   2,752,817 Operating Leases:                             Minimum Rent Payments (c)   14,518   14,935   15,084   14,961   14,830   869,687   944,015 Other Long-Term Liabilities:                             Deferred Compensation (d)   1,378   1,705   1,705   1,705   1,705   5,596   13,794 Total   $ 1,044,483   $ 1,617,023   $ 1,590,250   $ 1,693,904   $ 607,165   $ 7,924,055   $ 14,476,880 (a) Amounts include aggregate principal payments only. (b) Amounts include interest expected to be incurred on the Company’s secured and unsecured debt based on obligations outstanding at  December 31, 2013  and inclusive of capitalized interest. For floating rate debt, the current rate in effect for the most recent payment through  December 31, 2013  is assumed to be in effect through the respective maturity date of each instrument. (c) Minimum basic rent due for various office space the Company leases and fixed base rent due on ground leases for 14 properties/parcels. (d) Estimated payments to the Company's Chairman, Vice Chairman and one former CEO based on actual and planned retirement dates. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or different presentation of our financial statements. The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies were followed in preparing the consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended  December 31, 2013  and are consistent with the year ended  December 31, 2012 . 60 Table of Contents The Company has identified five significant accounting policies as critical accounting policies. These critical accounting policies are those that have the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and those requiring significant judgments and estimates. With respect to these critical accounting policies, management believes that the application of judgments and estimates is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly presents the results of operations for all periods presented. The five critical accounting policies are: Acquisition of Investment Properties The Company allocates the purchase price of properties to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their fair values. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investments in real estate, for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions and legal and environmental concerns, as well as the Company’s ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset. Future events could occur which would cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted. Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate The Company depreciates the building component of its investment in real estate over a 30-year estimated useful life, building improvements over a 5-year to 15-year estimated useful life and both the furniture, fixtures and equipment and replacement components over a 5-year to 10-year estimated useful life, all of which are judgmental determinations. Cost Capitalization See the  Capitalization of Fixed Assets and Improvements to Real Estate  section for a discussion of the Company’s policy with respect to capitalization vs. expensing of fixed asset/repair and maintenance costs. In addition, the Company capitalizes an allocation of the payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property. For all development projects, the Company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance and payroll and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities, with capitalization ceasing no later than 90 days following issuance of the certificate of occupancy. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as construction-in-progress for each specific property. The Company expenses as incurred all payroll costs of on-site employees working directly at our properties, except as noted above on our development properties prior to certificate of occupancy issuance and on specific major renovations at selected properties when additional incremental employees are hired. During the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , the Company capitalized  $16.5 million ,  $14.3 million  and  $11.6 million , respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects. Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Including Derivative Instruments The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. 61 Table of Contents Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations For the year ended  December 31, 2013 , Funds From Operations (“FFO”) available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units decreased  $120.8 million , or  12.2% , and increased  $173.8 million , or  19.7% , respectively, as compared to the year ended  December 31, 2012 . For the year ended December 31, 2012, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units increased  $241.1 million , or  32.0% , and  $123.6 million , or  16.3% , respectively, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The following is the Company's and the Operating Partnership's reconciliation of net income to FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units for each of the five years ended  December 31, 2013 : Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations (Amounts in thousands)           Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011   2010   2009 Net income $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197   $ 295,983   $ 382,029 Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests:                   Preference Interests and Units —   —   —   —   (9 ) Partially Owned Properties 538   (844 )   (832 )   726   558 Preferred/preference distributions (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 )   (14,368 )   (14,479 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares/Preference Units —   (5,152 )   —   —   — Net income available to Common Shares and Units / Units 1,901,746   864,853   920,500   282,341   368,099 Adjustments:                       Depreciation 978,973   560,669   506,175   470,593   385,293 Depreciation – Non-real estate additions (4,806 )   (5,346 )   (5,519 )   (6,566 )   (7,122 ) Depreciation – Partially Owned and Unconsolidated Properties (2,838 )   (3,193 )   (3,062 )   (1,619 )   759 Net (gain) on sales of unconsolidated entities (7 )   —   —   (28,101 )   (10,689 ) Discontinued operations:                       Depreciation 34,380   124,323   157,353   202,588   214,849     Net (gain) on sales of discontinued operations (2,036,505 )   (548,278 )   (826,489 )   (297,956 )   (335,299 ) Net incremental gain (loss) on sales of condominium units 8   (11 )   1,993   1,506   (385 ) Gain on sale of Equity Corporate Housing (ECH) 1,470   200   1,202   —   — FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (1) (3) (4) 872,421   993,217   752,153   622,786   615,505 Adjustments:                       Asset impairment and valuation allowances —   —   —   45,380   11,124 Property acquisition costs and write-off of pursuit costs 79,365   21,649   14,557   11,928   6,488 Debt extinguishment (gains) losses, including prepayment penalties, preferred share/                       preference unit redemptions and non-cash convertible debt discounts 121,730   16,293   12,300   8,594   34,333 (Gains) losses on sales of non-operating assets, net of income and other tax expense                       (benefit) (17,908 )   (255 )   (6,976 )   (80 )   (5,737 )     Other miscellaneous non-comparable items 1,465   (147,635 )   (12,369 )   (6,186 )   (171 ) Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (2) (3) (4) $ 1,057,073   $ 883,269   $ 759,665   $ 682,422   $ 661,542                       FFO (1) (3) $ 876,566   $ 1,008,724   $ 766,018   $ 637,154   $ 629,984 Preferred/preference distributions (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 )   (14,368 )   (14,479 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares/Preference Units —   (5,152 )   —   —   — FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (1) (3) (4) $ 872,421   $ 993,217   $ 752,153   $ 622,786   $ 615,505                       Normalized FFO (2) (3) $ 1,061,218   $ 893,624   $ 773,530   $ 696,790   $ 676,021 Preferred/preference distributions (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 )   (14,368 )   (14,479 ) Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (2) (3) (4) $ 1,057,073   $ 883,269   $ 759,665   $ 682,422   $ 661,542 (1) The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines funds from operations (“FFO”) (April 2002 White Paper) as net income (computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”)), excluding gains (or losses) from sales and impairment write-downs of depreciable operating properties, plus depreciation and amortization, and after  62 Table of Contents adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. The April 2002 White Paper states that gain or loss on sales of property is excluded from FFO for previously depreciated operating properties only. Once the Company commences the conversion of apartment units to condominiums, it simultaneously discontinues depreciation of such property. (2)   Normalized funds from operations (“Normalized FFO”) begins with FFO and excludes: ▪ the impact of any expenses relating to non-operating asset impairment and valuation allowances; ▪ property acquisition and other transaction costs related to mergers and acquisitions and pursuit cost write-offs; ▪ gains and losses from early debt extinguishment, including prepayment penalties, preferred share/preference unit redemptions and the cost related to the implied option value of non-cash convertible debt discounts; ▪ gains and losses on the sales of non-operating assets, including gains and losses from land parcel and condominium sales, net of the effect of income tax benefits or expenses; and ▪ other miscellaneous non-comparable items. (3) The Company believes that FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company, because they are recognized measures of performance by the real estate industry and by excluding gains or losses related to dispositions of depreciable property and excluding real estate depreciation (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units can help compare the operating performance of a company’s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. The Company also believes that Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company because they allow investors to compare the Company’s operating performance to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the Company’s actual operating results. FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units do not represent net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. Therefore, FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units should not be exclusively considered as alternatives to net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP or as a measure of liquidity. The Company’s calculation of FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units may differ from other real estate companies due to, among other items, variations in cost capitalization policies for capital expenditures and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other real estate companies. (4) FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are calculated on a basis consistent with net income available to Common Shares / Units and reflects adjustments to net income for preferred distributions and premiums on redemption of preferred shares/preference units in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units are collectively referred to as the “Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Subject to certain restrictions, the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership may exchange their OP Units for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market risks relating to the Company’s financial instruments result primarily from changes in short-term LIBOR interest rates and changes in the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") index for tax-exempt debt.  The Company also has foreign exchange exposure related to interests in German residential real estate that were acquired as part of the Archstone Transaction. The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the unsecured revolving and term loan facilities as well as floating rate tax-exempt debt. The Company typically incurs fixed rate debt obligations to finance acquisitions while it typically incurs floating rate debt obligations to finance working capital needs and as a temporary measure in advance of securing long-term fixed rate financing. The Company continuously evaluates its level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including its assessment of the current and future economic environment. To the extent the Company carries substantial cash balances, this will tend to partially counterbalance any increase or decrease in interest rates. The Company also utilizes certain derivative financial instruments to manage market risk. Interest rate protection agreements are used to convert floating rate debt to a fixed rate basis or vice versa as well as to partially lock in rates on future debt issuances. The Company may utilize derivative financial instruments to manage foreign exchange rate risk related to interests  in German residential real estate that were acquired as part of the Archstone Transaction.  Derivatives are used for hedging purposes rather than speculation. The Company does not enter into financial instruments for trading purposes. See also Note 9 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments. The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments (including such items in the financial statement captions as cash and cash equivalents, other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities) approximate their carrying or contract values based on their nature, terms and interest rates that approximate current market rates. The fair value of the Company’s  63 Table of Contents mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its line of credit) were approximately  $5.1 billion  and  $5.9 billion , respectively, at  December 31, 2013 .  At  December 31, 2013 , the Company had total outstanding floating rate debt of approximately  $1.6 billion , or  15.3%  of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently increased by 12 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $2.0 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently decreased by 12 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $2.0 million. At  December 31, 2013 , the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of approximately  $9.1 billion , or  84.7%  of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 51 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $8.3 billion. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 51 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $10.1 billion. At  December 31, 2013 , the Company’s derivative instruments had a net asset fair value of approximately $18.7 million. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 33 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net asset fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $28.0 million. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 33 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net asset fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $9.4 million.      At  December 31, 2012 , the Company had total outstanding floating rate debt of approximately $0.7 billion, or 8.0% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently increased by 14 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $0.9   million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently decreased by 14 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $0.9   million.  At  December 31, 2012 , the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of approximately $7.8 billion, or 92.0% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 56 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company's fixed rate debt would be approximately $7.1 billion. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 56 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company's fixed rate debt would be approximately $8.7 billion. At  December 31, 2012 , the Company's derivative instruments had a net liability fair value of approximately $42.5 million. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 4 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the net liability fair value of the Company's derivative instruments would be approximately $40.9 million. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 4 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company's existing weighted average interest rates), the net liability fair value of the Company's derivative instruments would be approximately $44.2 million. These amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on the Company’s financial instruments. The foregoing assumptions apply to the entire amount of the Company’s debt and derivative instruments and do not differentiate among maturities. These analyses do not consider the effects of the changes in overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of changes of such magnitude, management would likely take actions to further mitigate its exposure to the changes. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in the Company’s financial structure or results. The Company cannot predict the effect of adverse changes in interest rates on its debt and derivative instruments and, therefore, its exposure to market risk, nor can there be any assurance that long-term debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse changes discussed above. Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 64 Table of Contents Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure      None. Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures Equity Residential (a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Effective as of  December 31, 2013 , the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. (b)  Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: Equity Residential’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on the Company’s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2013 . Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of  December 31, 2013  by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. (c)   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Company identified in connection with the Company’s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of  2013  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Effective as of  December 31, 2013 , the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, of the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. (b)  Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: ERP Operating Limited Partnership's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership's general partner, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 65 Table of Contents Based on the Operating Partnership's evaluation under the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2013 . Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of  December 31, 2013  by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. (c)  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Operating Partnership identified in connection with the Operating Partnership's evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of  2013  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 66 Table of Contents PART III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence; and Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, Item 13 and Item 14 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, Equity Residential's Proxy Statement, which the Company intends to file no later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended  December 31, 2013 , and thus these items have been omitted in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Equity Residential is the general partner and  96.2%  owner of ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 67 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. (2) Exhibits: See the Exhibit Index. (3) Financial Statement Schedules: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 68 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                                                                                                 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL             By:  /s/  David J. Neithercut       David J. Neithercut, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)      Date: February 27, 2014                                                                                                       ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP BY: EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ITS GENERAL PARTNER             By:  /s/  David J. Neithercut       David J. Neithercut, President and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)     Date: February 27, 2014 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN/WOMEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below, hereby constitutes and appoints David J. Neithercut, Mark J. Parrell and Ian S. Kaufman, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her in any and all capacities, to do all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem advisable to enable the company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the company’s filing of an annual report on Form 10-K for the company’s fiscal year  2013 , including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby granted, the power and authority to sign his or her name as a trustee or officer, or both, of the company, as indicated below opposite his or her signature, to the Form 10-K, and any amendment thereto; and each of the undersigned does hereby fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of each registrant and in the capacities set forth below and on the dates indicated: Name   Title   Date           /s/  David J. Neithercut   President, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee   February 27, 2014 David J. Neithercut   (Principal Executive Officer)               /s/  Mark J. Parrell   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   February 27, 2014 Mark J. Parrell   (Principal Financial Officer)               /s/  Ian S. Kaufman   Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer   February 27, 2014 Ian S. Kaufman   (Principal Accounting Officer)               /s/  John W. Alexander   Trustee   February 27, 2014 John W. Alexander                   /s/  Charles L. Atwood   Trustee   February 27, 2014 Charles L. Atwood                   /s/  Linda Walker Bynoe   Trustee   February 27, 2014 Linda Walker Bynoe                   /s/  Mary Kay Haben   Trustee   February 27, 2014 Mary Kay Haben                   /s/  Bradley A. Keywell   Trustee   February 27, 2014 Bradley A. Keywell                   /s/  John E. Neal   Trustee   February 27, 2014 John E. Neal                   /s/  Mark S. Shapiro   Trustee   February 27, 2014 Mark S. Shapiro                   /s/  B. Joseph White   Trustee   February 27, 2014 B. Joseph White                   /s/ Gerald A. Spector   Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees   February 27, 2014 Gerald A. Spector                   /s/  Samuel Zell   Chairman of the Board of Trustees   February 27, 2014 Samuel Zell         Table of Contents INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP     PAGE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Equity Residential)   F-2       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ERP Operating Limited Partnership)   F-3       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial     Reporting (Equity Residential)        F-4       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial     Reporting (ERP Operating Limited Partnership)        F-5       Financial Statements of Equity Residential:             Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012   F-6         Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income       for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-7 to F-8         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended       December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-9 to F-11         Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended       December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-12 to F-13       Financial Statements of ERP Operating Limited Partnership:             Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012   F-14         Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income       for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-15 to F-16         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended       December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-17 to F-19         Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital for the years ended       December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011   F-20 to F-21       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Equity Residential and ERP Operating      Limited Partnership   F-22 to F-67       SCHEDULE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT           Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation of Equity Residential and ERP Operating      Limited Partnership   S-1 to S-13 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders Equity Residential We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Equity Residential (the “Company”) as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013 . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index to the consolidated financial statements and schedule. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Equity Residential at  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Equity Residential’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated  February 27, 2014  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/  ERNST & YOUNG LLP   ERNST & YOUNG LLP     Chicago, Illinois   February 27, 2014   F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners ERP Operating Limited Partnership We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the “Operating Partnership”) as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the related consolidated statements of operations  and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013 . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index to the consolidated financial statements and schedule. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of ERP Operating Limited Partnership at  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), ERP Operating Limited Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated  February 27, 2014  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/  ERNST & YOUNG LLP   ERNST & YOUNG LLP     Chicago, Illinois   February 27, 2014   F-3 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders Equity Residential We have audited Equity Residential’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the “COSO Criteria”).  Equity Residential’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Equity Residential maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on the COSO Criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Equity Residential as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the related consolidated statements of operations  and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013  of Equity Residential and our report dated  February 27, 2014  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/  ERNST & YOUNG LLP   ERNST & YOUNG LLP     Chicago, Illinois   February 27, 2014   F-4 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Partners ERP Operating Limited Partnership We have audited ERP Operating Limited Partnership's (the “Operating Partnership”) internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the “COSO Criteria”).  ERP Operating Limited Partnership's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, ERP Operating Limited Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2013 , based on the COSO Criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of ERP Operating Limited Partnership as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2013  of ERP Operating Limited Partnership and our report dated  February 27, 2014  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   /s/  ERNST & YOUNG LLP   ERNST & YOUNG LLP     Chicago, Illinois   February 27, 2014   F-5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands except for share amounts)     December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 ASSETS         Investment in real estate         Land   $ 6,192,512   $ 4,554,912 Depreciable property   19,226,047   15,711,944 Projects under development   988,867   387,750 Land held for development   393,522   353,823 Investment in real estate   26,800,948   21,008,429 Accumulated depreciation   (4,807,709 )   (4,912,221 ) Investment in real estate, net   21,993,239   16,096,208 Cash and cash equivalents   53,534   612,590 Investments in unconsolidated entities   178,526   17,877 Deposits – restricted   103,567   250,442 Escrow deposits – mortgage   42,636   9,129 Deferred financing costs, net   58,486   44,382 Other assets   404,557   170,372 Total assets   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000           LIABILITIES AND EQUITY         Liabilities:         Mortgage notes payable   $ 5,174,166   $ 3,898,369 Notes, net   5,477,088   4,630,875 Lines of credit   115,000   — Accounts payable and accrued expenses   118,791   38,372 Accrued interest payable   78,309   76,223 Other liabilities   347,748   304,518 Security deposits   71,592   66,988 Distributions payable   243,511   260,176 Total liabilities   11,626,205   9,275,521           Commitments and contingencies                   Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership   363,144   398,372 Equity:         Shareholders’ equity:         Preferred Shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value;         100,000,000 shares authorized; 1,000,000 shares issued and  outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012   50,000   50,000 Common Shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value;         1,000,000,000 shares authorized; 360,479,260 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and 325,054,654 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2012   3,605   3,251 Paid in capital   8,561,500   6,542,355 Retained earnings   2,047,258   887,355 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)   (155,162 )   (193,148 ) Total shareholders’ equity   10,507,201   7,289,813 Noncontrolling Interests:         Operating Partnership   211,412   159,606 Partially Owned Properties   126,583   77,688 Total Noncontrolling Interests   337,995   237,294 Total equity   10,845,196   7,527,107 Total liabilities and equity   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000 See accompanying notes F-6 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per share data)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 REVENUES             Rental income   $ 2,378,004   $ 1,737,929   $ 1,516,194 Fee and asset management   9,698   9,573   9,026 Total revenues   2,387,702   1,747,502   1,525,220               EXPENSES             Property and maintenance   449,461   332,190   304,380 Real estate taxes and insurance   293,999   206,723   178,406 Property management   84,342   81,902   81,867 Fee and asset management   6,460   4,663   4,279 Depreciation   978,973   560,669   506,175 General and administrative   62,179   47,233   43,604 Total expenses   1,875,414   1,233,380   1,118,711               Operating income   512,288   514,122   406,509               Interest and other income   4,656   150,546   7,963 Other expenses   (9,105 )   (21,692 )   (12,400 ) Merger expenses   (19,864 )   (5,619 )   (1,736 ) Interest:             Expense incurred, net   (586,854 )   (455,236 )   (460,172 ) Amortization of deferred financing costs   (22,197 )   (21,295 )   (16,616 ) (Loss) income before income and other taxes, (loss) from investments in    unconsolidated entities, net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities      and land parcels and discontinued operations   (121,076 )   160,826   (76,452 ) Income and other tax (expense) benefit   (1,169 )   (514 )   (706 ) (Loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities due to operations   (4,159 )   (14 )   — (Loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities due to merger expenses   (54,004 )   —   — Net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities   7   —   — Net gain on sales of land parcels   12,227   —   4,217 (Loss) income from continuing operations   (168,174 )   160,298   (72,941 ) Discontinued operations, net   2,073,527   720,906   1,008,138 Net income   1,905,353   881,204   935,197 Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests:             Operating Partnership   (75,278 )   (38,641 )   (40,780 ) Partially Owned Properties   538   (844 )   (832 ) Net income attributable to controlling interests   1,830,613   841,719   893,585 Preferred distributions   (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares   —   (5,152 )   — Net income available to Common Shares   $ 1,826,468   $ 826,212   $ 879,720               Earnings per share – basic:             (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Common Shares   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 ) Net income available to Common Shares   $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   354,305   302,701   294,856               Earnings per share – diluted:             (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Common Shares   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 ) Net income available to Common Shares   $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   354,305   319,766   294,856 See accompanying notes F-7 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per share data)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 Comprehensive income:             Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197 Other comprehensive income (loss):             Other comprehensive income (loss) – derivative instruments:             Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year   18,771   (11,772 )   (143,598 ) Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income   20,141   14,678   4,343 Other comprehensive income (loss) – other instruments:             Unrealized holding gains arising during the year   583   664   355 (Gains) realized during the year   (2,122 )   —   — Other comprehensive income – foreign currency:             Currency translation adjustments arising during the year   613   —   — Other comprehensive income (loss)   37,986   3,570   (138,900 ) Comprehensive income   1,943,339   884,774   796,297 Comprehensive (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   (74,740 )   (39,485 )   (41,612 ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests   $ 1,868,599   $ 845,289   $ 754,685 See accompanying notes F-8 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:             Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:             Depreciation   1,013,353   684,992   663,616 Amortization of deferred financing costs   22,425   21,435   17,846 Amortization of above/below market leases   898   —   — Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt   (156,439 )   (8,181 )   (1,478 ) Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments   19,607   14,144   3,808 Write-off of pursuit costs   5,184   9,056   5,075 Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities   58,163   14   — Distributions from unconsolidated entities – return on capital   2,481   575   319 Net (gain) on sales of investment securities/technology investments   (4,203 )   —   (4,537 ) Net (gain) on sales of unconsolidated entities   (7 )   —   — Net (gain) on sales of land parcels   (12,227 )   —   (4,217 ) Net (gain) on sales of discontinued operations   (2,036,505 )   (548,278 )   (826,489 ) Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments   70   (1 )   186 Compensation paid with Company Common Shares   35,474   24,832   21,177 Changes in assets and liabilities:             Decrease (increase) in deposits – restricted   3,684   (4,091 )   4,523 Decrease in mortgage deposits   1,813   176   2,133 Decrease (increase) in other assets   3,742   (20,411 )   (2,743 ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses   6,229   (2,102 )   332 (Decrease) in accrued interest payable   (9,219 )   (11,898 )   (10,510 ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities   15,401   2,987   (8,245 ) (Decrease) increase in security deposits   (6,361 )   1,702   4,474 Net cash provided by operating activities   868,916   1,046,155   800,467               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:             Acquisition of Archstone, net of cash acquired   (4,000,875 )   —   — Investment in real estate – acquisitions   (108,308 )   (843,976 )   (1,441,599 ) Investment in real estate – development/other   (377,442 )   (180,409 )   (120,741 ) Improvements to real estate   (135,816 )   (152,828 )   (144,452 ) Additions to non-real estate property   (4,134 )   (8,821 )   (7,110 ) Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development   (47,321 )   (22,509 )   (9,108 ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate, net   4,551,454   1,049,219   1,500,583 Investments in unconsolidated entities   (66,471 )   (5,291 )   (2,021 ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities – return of capital   25,471   —   — Proceeds from sale of investment securities/technology investments   4,878   —   4,537 Decrease (increase) in deposits on real estate acquisitions and investments, net   143,694   (97,984 )   7,631 Decrease (increase) in mortgage deposits   7,893   1,444   (479 ) Deconsolidation of previously consolidated properties   —   —   28,360 Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   (13 )   (12,809 ) Net cash (used for) investing activities   (6,977 )   (261,168 )   (197,208 ) See accompanying notes F-9 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:             Loan and bond acquisition costs   $ (16,526 )   $ (21,209 )   $ (20,421 ) Mortgage deposits   (5,631 )   (57 )   247 Mortgage notes payable:             Proceeds   902,886   26,495   190,905 Restricted cash   —   2,370   16,596 Lump sum payoffs   (2,532,682 )   (350,247 )   (974,956 ) Scheduled principal repayments   (12,658 )   (14,088 )   (16,726 ) Notes, net:             Proceeds   1,245,550   —   996,190 Lump sum payoffs   (400,000 )   (975,991 )   (575,641 ) Lines of credit:             Proceeds   9,832,000   5,876,000   1,455,000 Repayments   (9,717,000 )   (5,876,000 )   (1,455,000 ) (Payments on) settlement of derivative instruments   (44,063 )   —   (147,306 ) Proceeds from sale of Common Shares   —   1,417,040   173,484 Proceeds from Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   3,401   5,399   5,262 Proceeds from exercise of options   17,252   49,039   95,322 Redemption of Preferred Shares   —   (150,000 )   — Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares   —   (23 )   — Payment of offering costs   (1,047 )   (39,359 )   (3,596 ) Other financing activities, net   (48 )   (48 )   (48 ) Contributions – Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   27,660   8,221   75,911 Contributions – Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership   5   5   — Distributions:             Common Shares   (681,610 )   (473,451 )   (432,023 ) Preferred Shares   (4,145 )   (13,416 )   (12,829 ) Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership   (27,897 )   (21,915 )   (20,002 ) Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   (6,442 )   (5,083 )   (1,115 ) Net cash (used for) financing activities   (1,420,995 )   (556,318 )   (650,746 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   (559,056 )   228,669   (47,487 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year   612,590   383,921   431,408 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year   $ 53,534   $ 612,590   $ 383,921 See accompanying notes F-10 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:             Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized   $ 722,861   $ 464,937   $ 477,434 Net cash paid for income and other taxes   $ 1,152   $ 673   $ 645 Real estate acquisitions/dispositions/other:             Mortgage loans assumed   $ —   $ 137,644   $ 158,240 Valuation of OP Units issued   $ —   $ 66,606   $ — Amortization of deferred financing costs:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (152 )   $ —   $ — Deferred financing costs, net   $ 22,577   $ 21,435   $ 17,846 Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt:             Mortgage notes payable   $ (158,625 )   $ (10,333 )   $ (8,260 ) Notes, net   $ 2,186   $ 2,152   $ 6,782 Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments:             Other liabilities   $ (534 )   $ (534 )   $ (535 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income   $ 20,141   $ 14,678   $ 4,343 Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities:             Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ 53,073   $ 14   $ — Other liabilities   $ 5,090   $ —   $ — Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments:             Other assets   $ (17,139 )   $ 7,448   $ 6,826 Mortgage notes payable   $ —   $ (2,589 )   $ (612 ) Notes, net   $ (1,523 )   $ (4,860 )   $ (2,937 ) Other liabilities   $ (39 )   $ 11,772   $ 140,507 Accumulated other comprehensive income   $ 18,771   $ (11,772 )   $ (143,598 ) Acquisition of Archstone, net of cash acquired:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (8,687,355 )   $ —   $ — Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (225,568 )   $ —   $ — Deposits – restricted   $ (528 )   $ —   $ — Escrow deposits – mortgage   $ (37,582 )   $ —   $ — Deferred financing costs, net   $ (25,780 )   $ —   $ — Other assets   $ (215,622 )   $ —   $ — Mortgage notes payable   $ 3,076,876   $ —   $ — Accounts payable and accrued expenses   $ 16,984   $ —   $ — Accrued interest payable   $ 11,305   $ —   $ — Other liabilities   $ 117,299   $ —   $ — Security deposits   $ 10,965   $ —   $ — Issuance of Common Shares   $ 1,929,868   $ —   $ — Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   $ 28,263   $ —   $ — Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (45,533 )   $ (21,661 )   $ (8,785 ) Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (1,788 )   $ (848 )   $ (323 ) Investments in unconsolidated entities:             Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (13,656 )   $ (5,291 )   $ (2,021 ) Other liabilities   $ (52,815 )   $ —   $ — Deconsolidation of previously consolidated properties:             Investment in real estate, net   $ —   $ —   $ 35,495 Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ —   $ —   $ (7,135 ) (Payments on) settlement of derivative instruments:             Other assets   $ (50 )   $ —   $ — Other liabilities   $ (44,013 )   $ —   $ (147,306 ) Other:             Receivable on sale of Common Shares   $ —   $ 28,457   $ — Foreign currency translation adjustments   $ (613 )   $ —   $ — See accompanying notes F-11 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31, SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY   2013   2012   2011               PREFERRED SHARES             Balance, beginning of year   $ 50,000   $ 200,000   $ 200,000 Redemption of 6.48% Series N Cumulative Redeemable   —   (150,000 )   — Balance, end of year   $ 50,000   $ 50,000   $ 200,000               COMMON SHARES, $0.01 PAR VALUE             Balance, beginning of year   $ 3,251   $ 2,975   $ 2,902 Conversion of OP Units into Common Shares   1   7   3 Issuance of Common Shares   345   250   39 Exercise of share options   5   16   29 Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   1   1   1 Conversion of restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   (1 ) Share-based employee compensation expense:             Restricted shares   2   2   2 Balance, end of year   $ 3,605   $ 3,251   $ 2,975               PAID IN CAPITAL             Balance, beginning of year   $ 6,542,355   $ 5,047,186   $ 4,741,521 Common Share Issuance:             Conversion of OP Units into Common Shares   1,698   18,922   8,577 Issuance of Common Shares   1,929,523   1,388,333   201,903 Exercise of share options   17,247   49,023   95,293 Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   3,400   5,398   5,261 Conversion of restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   (3,933 ) Share-based employee compensation expense:             Restricted shares   13,262   8,934   9,100 Share options   10,514   11,752   9,545 ESPP discount   632   965   1,194 Offering costs   (1,047 )   (39,359 )   (3,596 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares – original issuance costs   —   5,129   — Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP)   (422 )   282   10,765 Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   1,293   (4,784 ) Change in market value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating    Partnership   79,667   38,734   (22,714 ) Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership   (35,329 )   5,763   (946 ) Balance, end of year   $ 8,561,500   $ 6,542,355   $ 5,047,186 See accompanying notes F-12 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31, SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (continued)   2013   2012   2011               RETAINED EARNINGS             Balance, beginning of year   $ 887,355   $ 615,572   $ 203,581 Net income attributable to controlling interests   1,830,613   841,719   893,585 Common Share distributions   (666,565 )   (554,429 )   (467,729 ) Preferred Share distributions   (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares – cash charge   —   (23 )   — Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares – original issuance costs   —   (5,129 )   — Balance, end of year   $ 2,047,258   $ 887,355   $ 615,572               ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)             Balance, beginning of year   $ (193,148 )   $ (196,718 )   $ (57,818 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – derivative instruments:             Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year   18,771   (11,772 )   (143,598 ) Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income   20,141   14,678   4,343 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – other instruments:             Unrealized holding gains arising during the year   583   664   355 (Gains) realized during the year   (2,122 )   —   — Accumulated other comprehensive income – foreign currency:             Currency translation adjustments arising during the year   613   —   — Balance, end of year   $ (155,162 )   $ (193,148 )   $ (196,718 )               NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS                           OPERATING PARTNERSHIP             Balance, beginning of year   $ 159,606   $ 119,536   $ 110,399 Issuance of OP Units to Noncontrolling Interests   —   66,606   — Issuance of LTIP Units to Noncontrolling Interests   5   5   — Conversion of OP Units held by Noncontrolling Interests into OP Units held    by General Partner   (1,699 )   (18,929 )   (8,580 ) Conversion of restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   3,934 Equity compensation associated with Noncontrolling Interests   13,609   5,307   3,641 Net income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   75,278   38,641   40,780 Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests   (26,277 )   (25,095 )   (21,434 ) Change in carrying value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating    Partnership   (44,439 )   (20,702 )   (10,150 ) Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership   35,329   (5,763 )   946 Balance, end of year   $ 211,412   $ 159,606   $ 119,536               PARTIALLY OWNED PROPERTIES             Balance, beginning of year   $ 77,688   $ 74,306   $ 7,991 Net (loss) income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   (538 )   844   832 Contributions by Noncontrolling Interests   27,660   8,221   75,911 Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests   (6,490 )   (5,131 )   (1,163 ) Acquisition of Archstone   28,263   —   — Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   (1,306 )   (8,025 ) Other   —   754   (1,240 ) Balance, end of year   $ 126,583   $ 77,688   $ 74,306 See accompanying notes F-13 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands)     December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 ASSETS         Investment in real estate         Land   $ 6,192,512   $ 4,554,912 Depreciable property   19,226,047   15,711,944 Projects under development   988,867   387,750 Land held for development   393,522   353,823 Investment in real estate   26,800,948   21,008,429 Accumulated depreciation   (4,807,709 )   (4,912,221 ) Investment in real estate, net   21,993,239   16,096,208 Cash and cash equivalents   53,534   612,590 Investments in unconsolidated entities   178,526   17,877 Deposits – restricted   103,567   250,442 Escrow deposits – mortgage   42,636   9,129 Deferred financing costs, net   58,486   44,382 Other assets   404,557   170,372 Total assets   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000           LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL         Liabilities:         Mortgage notes payable   $ 5,174,166   $ 3,898,369 Notes, net   5,477,088   4,630,875 Lines of credit   115,000   — Accounts payable and accrued expenses   118,791   38,372 Accrued interest payable   78,309   76,223 Other liabilities   347,748   304,518 Security deposits   71,592   66,988 Distributions payable   243,511   260,176 Total liabilities   11,626,205   9,275,521           Commitments and contingencies                   Redeemable Limited Partners   363,144   398,372 Capital:         Partners' Capital:         Preference Units   50,000   50,000 General Partner   10,612,363   7,432,961 Limited Partners   211,412   159,606 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)   (155,162 )   (193,148 ) Total partners' capital   10,718,613   7,449,419 Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   126,583   77,688 Total capital   10,845,196   7,527,107 Total liabilities and capital   $ 22,834,545   $ 17,201,000 See accompanying notes F-14 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 REVENUES             Rental income   $ 2,378,004   $ 1,737,929   $ 1,516,194 Fee and asset management   9,698   9,573   9,026 Total revenues   2,387,702   1,747,502   1,525,220               EXPENSES             Property and maintenance   449,461   332,190   304,380 Real estate taxes and insurance   293,999   206,723   178,406 Property management   84,342   81,902   81,867 Fee and asset management   6,460   4,663   4,279 Depreciation   978,973   560,669   506,175 General and administrative   62,179   47,233   43,604 Total expenses   1,875,414   1,233,380   1,118,711               Operating income   512,288   514,122   406,509               Interest and other income   4,656   150,546   7,963 Other expenses   (9,105 )   (21,692 )   (12,400 ) Merger expenses   (19,864 )   (5,619 )   (1,736 ) Interest:             Expense incurred, net   (586,854 )   (455,236 )   (460,172 ) Amortization of deferred financing costs   (22,197 )   (21,295 )   (16,616 ) (Loss) income before income and other taxes, (loss) from investments in    unconsolidated entities, net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities     and land parcels and discontinued operations   (121,076 )   160,826   (76,452 ) Income and other tax (expense) benefit   (1,169 )   (514 )   (706 ) (Loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities due to operations   (4,159 )   (14 )   — (Loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities due to merger expenses   (54,004 )   —   — Net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities   7   —   — Net gain on sales of land parcels   12,227   —   4,217 (Loss) income from continuing operations   (168,174 )   160,298   (72,941 ) Discontinued operations, net   2,073,527   720,906   1,008,138 Net income   1,905,353   881,204   935,197 Net loss (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests – Partially    Owned Properties   538   (844 )   (832 ) Net income attributable to controlling interests   $ 1,905,891   $ 880,360   $ 934,365               ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME:             Preference Units   $ 4,145   $ 10,355   $ 13,865 Premium on redemption of Preference Units   $ —   $ 5,152   $ —               General Partner   $ 1,826,468   $ 826,212   $ 879,720 Limited Partners   75,278   38,641   40,780 Net income available to Units   $ 1,901,746   $ 864,853   $ 920,500               Earnings per Unit – basic:             (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Units   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 ) Net income available to Units   $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98 Weighted average Units outstanding   368,038   316,554   308,062               Earnings per Unit – diluted:             (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Units   $ (0.47 )   $ 0.45   $ (0.28 ) Net income available to Units   $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98 Weighted average Units outstanding   368,038   319,766   308,062 See accompanying notes F-15 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 Comprehensive income:             Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197 Other comprehensive income (loss):             Other comprehensive income (loss) – derivative instruments:             Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year   18,771   (11,772 )   (143,598 ) Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income   20,141   14,678   4,343 Other comprehensive income (loss) – other instruments:             Unrealized holding gains arising during the year   583   664   355 (Gains) realized during the year   (2,122 )   —   — Other comprehensive income – foreign currency:             Currency translation adjustments arising during the year   613   —   — Other comprehensive income (loss)   37,986   3,570   (138,900 ) Comprehensive income   1,943,339   884,774   796,297 Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests –    Partially Owned Properties   538   (844 )   (832 ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests   $ 1,943,877   $ 883,930   $ 795,465 See accompanying notes F-16 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:             Net income   $ 1,905,353   $ 881,204   $ 935,197 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:             Depreciation   1,013,353   684,992   663,616 Amortization of deferred financing costs   22,425   21,435   17,846 Amortization of above/below market leases   898   —   — Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt   (156,439 )   (8,181 )   (1,478 ) Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments   19,607   14,144   3,808 Write-off of pursuit costs   5,184   9,056   5,075 Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities   58,163   14   — Distributions from unconsolidated entities – return on capital   2,481   575   319 Net (gain) on sales of investment securities/technology investments   (4,203 )   —   (4,537 ) Net (gain) on sales of unconsolidated entities   (7 )   —   — Net (gain) on sales of land parcels   (12,227 )   —   (4,217 ) Net (gain) on sales of discontinued operations   (2,036,505 )   (548,278 )   (826,489 ) Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments   70   (1 )   186 Compensation paid with Company Common Shares   35,474   24,832   21,177 Changes in assets and liabilities:             Decrease (increase) in deposits – restricted   3,684   (4,091 )   4,523 Decrease in mortgage deposits   1,813   176   2,133 Decrease (increase) in other assets   3,742   (20,411 )   (2,743 ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses   6,229   (2,102 )   332 (Decrease) in accrued interest payable   (9,219 )   (11,898 )   (10,510 ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities   15,401   2,987   (8,245 ) (Decrease) increase in security deposits   (6,361 )   1,702   4,474 Net cash provided by operating activities   868,916   1,046,155   800,467               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:             Acquisition of Archstone, net of cash acquired   (4,000,875 )   —   — Investment in real estate – acquisitions   (108,308 )   (843,976 )   (1,441,599 ) Investment in real estate – development/other   (377,442 )   (180,409 )   (120,741 ) Improvements to real estate   (135,816 )   (152,828 )   (144,452 ) Additions to non-real estate property   (4,134 )   (8,821 )   (7,110 ) Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development   (47,321 )   (22,509 )   (9,108 ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate, net   4,551,454   1,049,219   1,500,583 Investments in unconsolidated entities   (66,471 )   (5,291 )   (2,021 ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities – return of capital   25,471   —   — Proceeds from sale of investment securities/technology investments   4,878   —   4,537 Decrease (increase) in deposits on real estate acquisitions and investments, net   143,694   (97,984 )   7,631 Decrease (increase) in mortgage deposits   7,893   1,444   (479 ) Deconsolidation of previously consolidated properties   —   —   28,360 Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   (13 )   (12,809 ) Net cash (used for) investing activities   (6,977 )   (261,168 )   (197,208 ) See accompanying notes F-17 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:             Loan and bond acquisition costs   $ (16,526 )   $ (21,209 )   $ (20,421 ) Mortgage deposits   (5,631 )   (57 )   247 Mortgage notes payable:             Proceeds   902,886   26,495   190,905 Restricted cash   —   2,370   16,596 Lump sum payoffs   (2,532,682 )   (350,247 )   (974,956 ) Scheduled principal repayments   (12,658 )   (14,088 )   (16,726 ) Notes, net:             Proceeds   1,245,550   —   996,190 Lump sum payoffs   (400,000 )   (975,991 )   (575,641 ) Lines of credit:             Proceeds   9,832,000   5,876,000   1,455,000 Repayments   (9,717,000 )   (5,876,000 )   (1,455,000 ) (Payments on) settlement of derivative instruments   (44,063 )   —   (147,306 ) Proceeds from sale of OP Units   —   1,417,040   173,484 Proceeds from EQR's Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   3,401   5,399   5,262 Proceeds from exercise of EQR options   17,252   49,039   95,322 Redemption of Preference Units   —   (150,000 )   — Premium on redemption of Preference Units   —   (23 )   — Payment of offering costs   (1,047 )   (39,359 )   (3,596 ) Other financing activities, net   (48 )   (48 )   (48 ) Contributions – Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   27,660   8,221   75,911 Contributions – Limited Partners   5   5   — Distributions:             OP Units – General Partner   (681,610 )   (473,451 )   (432,023 ) Preference Units   (4,145 )   (13,416 )   (12,829 ) OP Units – Limited Partners   (27,897 )   (21,915 )   (20,002 ) Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   (6,442 )   (5,083 )   (1,115 ) Net cash (used for) financing activities   (1,420,995 )   (556,318 )   (650,746 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   (559,056 )   228,669   (47,487 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year   612,590   383,921   431,408 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year   $ 53,534   $ 612,590   $ 383,921 See accompanying notes F-18 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:             Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized   $ 722,861   $ 464,937   $ 477,434 Net cash paid for income and other taxes   $ 1,152   $ 673   $ 645 Real estate acquisitions/dispositions/other:             Mortgage loans assumed   $ —   $ 137,644   $ 158,240 Valuation of OP Units issued   $ —   $ 66,606   $ — Amortization of deferred financing costs:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (152 )   $ —   $ — Deferred financing costs, net   $ 22,577   $ 21,435   $ 17,846 Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt:             Mortgage notes payable   $ (158,625 )   $ (10,333 )   $ (8,260 ) Notes, net   $ 2,186   $ 2,152   $ 6,782 Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments:             Other liabilities   $ (534 )   $ (534 )   $ (535 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income   $ 20,141   $ 14,678   $ 4,343 Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities:             Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ 53,073   $ 14   $ — Other liabilities   $ 5,090   $ —   $ — Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments:             Other assets   $ (17,139 )   $ 7,448   $ 6,826 Mortgage notes payable   $ —   $ (2,589 )   $ (612 ) Notes, net   $ (1,523 )   $ (4,860 )   $ (2,937 ) Other liabilities   $ (39 )   $ 11,772   $ 140,507 Accumulated other comprehensive income   $ 18,771   $ (11,772 )   $ (143,598 ) Acquisition of Archstone, net of cash acquired:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (8,687,355 )   $ —   $ — Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (225,568 )   $ —   $ — Deposits – restricted   $ (528 )   $ —   $ — Escrow deposits – mortgage   $ (37,582 )   $ —   $ — Deferred financing costs, net   $ (25,780 )   $ —   $ — Other assets   $ (215,622 )   $ —   $ — Mortgage notes payable   $ 3,076,876   $ —   $ — Accounts payable and accrued expenses   $ 16,984   $ —   $ — Accrued interest payable   $ 11,305   $ —   $ — Other liabilities   $ 117,299   $ —   $ — Security deposits   $ 10,965   $ —   $ — Issuance of OP Units   $ 1,929,868   $ —   $ — Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   $ 28,263   $ —   $ — Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development:             Investment in real estate, net   $ (45,533 )   $ (21,661 )   $ (8,785 ) Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (1,788 )   $ (848 )   $ (323 ) Investments in unconsolidated entities:             Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ (13,656 )   $ (5,291 )   $ (2,021 ) Other liabilities   $ (52,815 )   $ —   $ — Deconsolidation of previously consolidated properties:             Investment in real estate, net   $ —   $ —   $ 35,495 Investments in unconsolidated entities   $ —   $ —   $ (7,135 ) (Payments on) settlement of derivative instruments:             Other assets   $ (50 )   $ —   $ — Other liabilities   $ (44,013 )   $ —   $ (147,306 ) Other:             Receivable on sale of OP Units   $ —   $ 28,457   $ — Foreign currency translation adjustments   $ (613 )   $ —   $ — See accompanying notes F-19 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31, PARTNERS' CAPITAL   2013   2012   2011               PREFERENCE UNITS             Balance, beginning of year   $ 50,000   $ 200,000   $ 200,000 Redemption of 6.48% Series N Cumulative Redeemable   —   (150,000 )   — Balance, end of year   $ 50,000   $ 50,000   $ 200,000               GENERAL PARTNER             Balance, beginning of year   $ 7,432,961   $ 5,665,733   $ 4,948,004 OP Unit Issuance:             Conversion of OP Units held by Limited Partners into OP Units held by    General Partner   1,699   18,929   8,580 Issuance of OP Units   1,929,868   1,388,583   201,942 Exercise of EQR share options   17,252   49,039   95,322 EQR's Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   3,401   5,399   5,262 Conversion of EQR restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   (3,934 ) Share-based employee compensation expense:             EQR restricted shares   13,264   8,936   9,102 EQR share options   10,514   11,752   9,545 EQR ESPP discount   632   965   1,194 Offering costs   (1,047 )   (39,359 )   (3,596 ) Premium on redemption of Preference Units – original issuance costs   —   5,129   — Net income available to Units – General Partner   1,826,468   826,212   879,720 OP Units – General Partner distributions   (666,565 )   (554,429 )   (467,729 ) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP)   (422 )   282   10,765 Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   1,293   (4,784 ) Change in market value of Redeemable Limited Partners   79,667   38,734   (22,714 ) Adjustment for Limited Partners ownership in Operating Partnership   (35,329 )   5,763   (946 ) Balance, end of year   $ 10,612,363   $ 7,432,961   $ 5,665,733               LIMITED PARTNERS             Balance, beginning of year   $ 159,606   $ 119,536   $ 110,399 Issuance of OP Units to Limited Partners   —   66,606   — Issuance of LTIP Units to Limited Partners   5   5   — Conversion of OP Units held by Limited Partners into OP Units held by    General Partner   (1,699 )   (18,929 )   (8,580 ) Conversion of EQR restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   3,934 Equity compensation associated with Units – Limited Partners   13,609   5,307   3,641 Net income available to Units – Limited Partners   75,278   38,641   40,780 Units – Limited Partners distributions   (26,277 )   (25,095 )   (21,434 ) Change in carrying value of Redeemable Limited Partners   (44,439 )   (20,702 )   (10,150 ) Adjustment for Limited Partners ownership in Operating Partnership   35,329   (5,763 )   946 Balance, end of year   $ 211,412   $ 159,606   $ 119,536 See accompanying notes F-20 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Continued) (Amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31, PARTNERS' CAPITAL (continued)   2013   2012   2011               ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)             Balance, beginning of year   $ (193,148 )   $ (196,718 )   $ (57,818 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – derivative instruments:             Unrealized holding gains (losses)  arising during the year   18,771   (11,772 )   (143,598 ) Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income   20,141   14,678   4,343 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – other instruments:             Unrealized holding gains arising during the year   583   664   355 (Gains) realized during the year   (2,122 )   —   — Accumulated other comprehensive income – foreign currency:             Currency translation adjustments arising during the year   613   —   — Balance, end of year   $ (155,162 )   $ (193,148 )   $ (196,718 )               NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS                           NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS – PARTIALLY OWNED PROPERTIES             Balance, beginning of year   $ 77,688   $ 74,306   $ 7,991 Net (loss) income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   (538 )   844   832 Contributions by Noncontrolling Interests   27,660   8,221   75,911 Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests   (6,490 )   (5,131 )   (1,163 ) Acquisition of Archstone   28,263   —   — Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties   —   (1,306 )   (8,025 ) Other   —   754   (1,240 ) Balance, end of year   $ 126,583   $ 77,688   $ 74,306 See accompanying notes F-21 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business Equity Residential (“EQR”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993, is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of high quality apartment properties in top United States growth markets. ERP Operating Limited Partnership ("ERPOP"), an Illinois limited partnership, was formed in May 1993 to conduct the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential. EQR has elected to be taxed as a REIT. References to the "Company," "we," "us" or "our" mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the "Operating Partnership" mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. Unless otherwise indicated, the notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both the Company and the Operating Partnership. EQR is the general partner of, and as of  December 31, 2013  owned an approximate  96.2%  ownership interest in, ERPOP.  All of the Company's property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP.  EQR issues public equity from time to time but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity.   As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of  390  properties located in  12  states and the District of Columbia consisting of  109,855  apartment units. The ownership breakdown includes (table does not include various uncompleted development properties):                  Properties   Apartment Units Wholly Owned Properties   362   98,468 Master-Leased Properties – Consolidated   3   853 Partially Owned Properties – Consolidated   19   3,752 Partially Owned Properties – Unconsolidated   4   1,669 Military Housing   2   5,113     390   109,855 The “Wholly Owned Properties” are accounted for under the consolidation method of accounting. The "Master-Leased Properties – Consolidated" are wholly owned by the Company but the entire project is leased to a third party corporate housing provider. These properties are consolidated and reflected as real estate assets while the master leases are accounted for as operating leases. The “Partially Owned Properties – Consolidated” are controlled by the Company but have partners with noncontrolling interests and are accounted for under the consolidation method of accounting. The “Partially Owned Properties – Unconsolidated” are controlled by the Company's partners but the Company has noncontrolling interests and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The “Military Housing” properties consist of investments in limited liability companies that, as a result of the terms of the operating agreements, are accounted for as management contract rights with all fees recognized as fee and asset management revenue. The Company maintains long-term ground leases for  13  operating properties and  one  of its wholly owned development properties and land parcels. The Company owns the building and improvements and leases the land underlying the improvements under long-term ground leases. The leases expire beginning in 2026 and running through 2110. These properties are consolidated and reflected as real estate assets while the ground leases are accounted for as operating leases. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation Due to the Company’s ability as general partner to control either through ownership or by contract the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and each such subsidiary has been consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes, except for  one  unconsolidated development property,  four  unconsolidated operating properties and our military housing properties. The consolidated financial statements also include all variable interest entities for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. F-22 Table of Contents Noncontrolling interests represented by EQR's indirect  1%  interest in various entities are immaterial and have not been accounted for in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Operating Partnership. In addition, certain amounts due from EQR for its  1%  interest in various entities have not been reflected in the consolidated balance sheets of the Operating Partnership since such amounts are immaterial.  Real Estate Assets and Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate      Effective for business combinations on or after January 1, 2009, an acquiring entity is required to recognize all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a transaction at the acquisition-date fair value with limited exceptions. In addition, an acquiring entity is required to expense acquisition-related costs as incurred, value noncontrolling interests at fair value at the acquisition date and expense restructuring costs associated with an acquired business. The Company allocates the purchase price of properties to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their fair values. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets/liabilities acquired. The Company allocates the purchase price of acquired real estate to various components as follows: • Land – Based on actual purchase price adjusted to fair value (as necessary) if acquired separately or market research/comparables if acquired with an operating property. • Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment – Ranges between  $3,000  and  $13,000  per apartment unit acquired as an estimate of the fair value of the appliances and fixtures inside an apartment unit. The per-apartment unit amount applied depends on the type of apartment building acquired. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of  five  to  ten  years. • Lease Intangibles – The Company considers the value of acquired in-place leases and above/below market leases and the amortization period is the average remaining term of each respective acquired lease. In-place residential leases' average term at acquisition approximates  six  months. See Note 4 for more information on above and below market leases.  • Other Intangible Assets – The Company considers whether it has acquired other intangible assets, including any customer relationship intangibles and the amortization period is the estimated useful life of the acquired intangible asset. • Building – Based on the fair value determined on an “as-if vacant” basis. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of  thirty  years. • Site Improvements – Based on replacement cost, which approximates fair value.  Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of  eight  years. • Long-Term Debt – The Company calculates the fair value by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings. Replacements inside an apartment unit such as appliances and carpeting are depreciated over an estimated useful life of  five  to  ten  years. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred and significant renovations and improvements that improve and/or extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized over their estimated useful life, generally  five  to  fifteen  years. Initial direct leasing costs are expensed as incurred as such expense approximates the deferral and amortization of initial direct leasing costs over the lease terms. Property sales or dispositions are recorded when title transfers to unrelated third parties, contingencies have been removed and sufficient cash consideration has been received by the Company. Upon disposition, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts. Any gain or loss on sale is recognized in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company classifies real estate assets as real estate held for disposition when it is certain a property will be disposed of (see further discussion below). The Company classifies properties under development and/or expansion and properties in the lease-up phase (including land) as construction-in-progress until construction has been completed and all certificates of occupancy permits have been obtained. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investments in real estate, for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance,  F-23 Table of Contents market conditions and legal and environmental concerns, as well as the Company’s ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset. Future events could occur which would cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted. If impairment indicators exist, the Company performs the following: ▪ For long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company compares the expected future undiscounted cash flows for the long-lived asset against the carrying amount of that asset. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the Company would record an impairment loss for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount of the asset. ▪ For long-lived assets to be disposed of, an impairment loss is recognized when the estimated fair value of the asset, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying amount of the asset measured at the time that the Company has determined it will sell the asset. Long-lived assets held for disposition and the related liabilities are separately reported, with the long-lived assets reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or their estimated fair values, less their costs to sell, and are not depreciated after reclassification to real estate held for disposition. Cost Capitalization See the  Real Estate Assets and Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate  section for a discussion of the Company’s policy with respect to capitalization vs. expensing of fixed asset/repair and maintenance costs. In addition, the Company capitalizes an allocation of the payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property. For all development projects, the Company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance and payroll and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities, with capitalization ceasing no later than 90 days following issuance of the certificate of occupancy. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as construction-in-progress for each specific property. The Company expenses as incurred all payroll costs of on-site employees working directly at our properties, except as noted above on our development properties prior to certificate of occupancy issuance and on specific major renovations at selected properties when additional incremental employees are hired. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company capitalized  $16.5 million ,  $14.3 million  and  $11.6 million , respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions typically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance coverage, and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions’ non-performance. Investment Securities Investment securities are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. These securities are classified as held-to-maturity and carried at amortized cost if management has the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. Otherwise, the securities are classified as available-for-sale and carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss), a separate component of shareholders’ equity/partners' capital.  As of December 31, 2013, the Company did not hold any investment securities.  Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs include fees and costs incurred to obtain the Company’s lines of credit and long-term financings. These costs are amortized over the terms of the related debt. Unamortized financing costs are written off when debt is retired before the maturity date. The accumulated amortization of such deferred financing costs was  $33.4 million  and  $32.2 million  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively. F-24 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Including Derivative Instruments The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes.  The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments.  The Company may also use derivatives to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rates or manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business.  The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place. The Company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measures those instruments at fair value. In addition, fair value adjustments will affect either shareholders’ equity/partners' capital or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an underlying transaction are modified, or when the underlying transaction is terminated or completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument matures. Any derivative instrument used for risk management that does not meet the hedging criteria is marked-to-market each period. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Revenue Recognition Rental income attributable to leases is recorded on a straight-line basis, which is not materially different than if it were recorded when due from residents and recognized monthly as it was earned. Leases entered into between a resident and a property for the rental of an apartment unit are generally year-to-year, renewable upon consent of both parties on an annual or monthly basis. Retail/commercial leases generally have  five  to  ten  year lease terms with market based renewal options. Fee and asset management revenue and interest income are recorded on an accrual basis. Share-Based Compensation The Company expenses share-based compensation such as restricted shares and share options. Any common share of beneficial interest,  $0.01  par value per share (the "Common Shares") issued pursuant to EQR's incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing units of limited partnership interest ("OP Units") to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances.  The fair value of the option grants are recognized over the requisite service/vesting period of the options. The fair value for the Company's share options was estimated at the time the share options were granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the primary grant in each year having the following weighted average assumptions:           2013   2012   2011 Expected volatility (1)   26.9%   27.4%   27.1% Expected life (2)   5 years   5 years   5 years Expected dividend yield (3)   4.12%   4.35%   4.56% Risk-free interest rate (4)   0.84%   0.71%   2.27% Option valuation per share   $7.90   $8.54   $8.36 (1) Expected volatility – Estimated based on the historical ten-year volatility of EQR’s share price measured on a monthly basis. (2) Expected life – Approximates the actual weighted average life of all share options granted since the Company went public in 1993. (3) Expected dividend yield – Calculated by averaging the historical annual yield on EQR shares for a period matching the expected life of each grant, with the annual yield calculated by dividing actual dividends by the average price of EQR’s shares in a given year. (4) Risk-free interest rate – The most current U.S. Treasury rate available prior to the grant date for a period matching the expected life of each grant. The valuation method and assumptions are the same as those the Company used in accounting for option expense in its consolidated financial statements. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value  F-25 Table of Contents of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. This model is only one method of valuing options.  Because the Company’s share options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the actual value of the options to the recipient may be significantly different. Income and Other Taxes Due to the structure of EQR as a REIT and the nature of the operations of its operating properties, no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the EQR level. In addition, ERPOP generally is not liable for federal income taxes as the partners recognize their proportionate share of income or loss in their tax returns; therefore no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the ERPOP level.  Historically, the Company has generally only incurred certain state and local income, excise and franchise taxes. The Company has elected Taxable REIT Subsidiary (“TRS”) status for certain of its corporate subsidiaries and as a result, these entities will incur both federal and state income taxes on any taxable income of such entities after consideration of any net operating losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities applicable to the TRS are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. These assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates for which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effects of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings in the period enacted. The Company’s deferred tax assets are generally the result of tax affected suspended interest deductions, net operating losses, differing depreciable lives on capitalized assets and the timing of expense recognition for certain accrued liabilities. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of approximately  $79.6 million , which is fully offset by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty in forecasting future TRS taxable income. The Company provided for income, franchise and excise taxes allocated as follows in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  (amounts in thousands):          Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 Income and other tax expense (benefit) (1)   $ 1,169   $ 514   $ 706 Discontinued operations, net (2)   449   34   (221 ) Provision for income, franchise and excise taxes (3)   $ 1,618   $ 548   $ 485 (1) Primarily includes state and local income, excise and franchise taxes. (2) Primarily represents federal income taxes (recovered) on the gains on sales of land parcels and condominium units owned by a TRS and included in discontinued operations. Also represents state and local income, excise and franchise taxes on operating properties sold and included in discontinued operations. (3) All provisions for income tax amounts are current and none are deferred. The Company’s TRSs have approximately  $63.1 million  of NOL carryforwards available as of January 1, 2014 that will expire between  2028  and  2032 .  During the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , the Company’s tax treatment of dividends and distributions were as follows:        Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 Tax treatment of dividends and distributions:             Ordinary dividends   $ 0.662   $ 1.375   $ 0.667 Qualified dividends   0.050   —   — Long-term capital gain   0.870   0.253   0.629 Unrecaptured section 1250 gain   0.268   0.152   0.284 Dividends and distributions declared per             Common Share/Unit outstanding   $ 1.850   $ 1.780   $ 1.580 The cost of land and depreciable property, net of accumulated depreciation, for federal income tax purposes as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  was approximately  $15.2 billion  and  $11.2 billion , respectively. F-26 Table of Contents Noncontrolling Interests A noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary (minority interest) is in most cases an ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements and separate from the parent company's equity.  In addition, consolidated net income is required to be reported at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest and the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and the noncontrolling interest are required to be disclosed on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.  See Note 3 for further discussion.   Operating Partnership:  Net income is allocated to noncontrolling interests based on their respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership.  The ownership percentage is calculated by dividing the number of OP Units held by the noncontrolling interests by the total OP Units held by the noncontrolling interests and EQR.  Issuance of additional Common Shares and OP Units changes the ownership interests of both the noncontrolling interests and EQR.  Such transactions and the related proceeds are treated as capital transactions. Partially Owned Properties: The Company reflects noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties on the balance sheet for the portion of properties consolidated by the Company that are not wholly owned by the Company.  The earnings or losses from those properties attributable to the noncontrolling interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Partners' Capital The "Limited Partners" of ERPOP include various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units. The "General Partner" of ERPOP is EQR. Net income is allocated to the Limited Partners based on their respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership. The ownership percentage is calculated by dividing the number of OP Units held by the Limited Partners by the total OP Units held by the Limited Partners and the General Partner. Issuance of additional Common Shares and OP Units changes the ownership interests of both the Limited Partners and EQR. Such transactions and the related proceeds are treated as capital transactions.  Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership / Redeemable Limited Partners The Company classifies Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership / Redeemable Limited Partners in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets for the portion of OP Units that EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares to the exchanging OP Unit holder. The redeemable noncontrolling interest units / redeemable limited partner units are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. See Note 3 for further discussion. Use of Estimates In preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications considered necessary for a fair presentation have been made to the prior period financial statements in order to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications have not changed the results of operations or equity/capital.  Other The Company is the controlling partner in various consolidated partnerships owning  19  properties and  3,752  apartment units and various completed and uncompleted development properties having a noncontrolling interest book value of  $126.6 million  at  December 31, 2013 .  The Company is required to make certain disclosures regarding noncontrolling interests in consolidated limited-life subsidiaries. Of the consolidated entities described above, the Company is the controlling partner in limited-life partnerships owning  six  properties having a noncontrolling interest deficit balance of  $9.8 million .  These  six  partnership agreements contain provisions that require the partnerships to be liquidated through the sale of their assets upon reaching a date specified in each respective partnership agreement.  The Company, as controlling partner, has an obligation to cause the property  F-27 Table of Contents owning partnerships to distribute the proceeds of liquidation to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties only to the extent that the net proceeds received by the partnerships from the sale of their assets warrant a distribution based on the partnership agreements. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company estimates the value of Noncontrolling Interest distributions for these  six  properties would have been approximately  $51.2 million  (“Settlement Value”) had the partnerships been liquidated. This Settlement Value is based on estimated third party consideration realized by the partnerships upon disposition of the  six  Partially Owned Properties and is net of all other assets and liabilities, including yield maintenance on the mortgages encumbering the properties, that would have been due on  December 31, 2013  had those mortgages been prepaid. Due to, among other things, the inherent uncertainty in the sale of real estate assets, the amount of any potential distribution to the Noncontrolling Interests in the Company's Partially Owned Properties is subject to change. To the extent that the partnerships' underlying assets are worth less than the underlying liabilities, the Company has no obligation to remit any consideration to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties. Effective January 1, 2011, companies are required to separately disclose purchases, sales, issuances and settlements on a gross basis in the reconciliation of recurring Level 3 fair value measurements. This does not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial position.  See Note 9 for further discussion. Effective January 1, 2012, companies are required to separately disclose the amounts and reasons for any transfers of assets and liabilities into and out of Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  For fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), companies are required to disclose quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used for all Level 3 measurements and a description of the Company's valuation processes in determining fair value.  In addition, companies are required to provide a qualitative discussion about the sensitivity of recurring Level 3 measurements to changes in the unobservable inputs disclosed, including the interrelationship between inputs.  Companies are also required to disclose information about when the current use of a non-financial asset measured at fair value differs from its highest and best use and the hierarchy classification for items whose fair value is not recorded on the balance sheet but is disclosed in the notes.  This does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or financial position.  See Notes 4 and 9 for further discussion. Effective January 1, 2013, companies are required to report, in one place, information about reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI").  Companies are also required to report changes in AOCI balances.  For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period, reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period, a cross reference to other disclosures currently required under US GAAP is required in the notes.  This does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or financial position. See Note 9 for further discussion.  Effective January 1, 2014, companies will be required to measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date as the sum of the amount a company agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and any additional amount a company expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors.  Companies will also be required to disclose the nature and amount of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations.  The Company does not expect that this will have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial position. Effective January 1, 2009, issuers of certain convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash on conversion were required to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument in a manner that reflects each issuer's nonconvertible debt borrowing rate.  As the Company was required to apply this retrospectively, the accounting for its  $650.0 million   3.85%  convertible unsecured notes that were issued in  August 2006  with a final maturity in  August 2026  was affected.  On  August 18, 2011 , the Company redeemed these notes at par ( $482.5 million  was outstanding on  August 18, 2011 ) and no premium was paid.  The Company recognized  $11.8 million  in interest expense related to the stated coupon rate of  3.85%  for the year ended December 31, 2011.  The amount of the conversion option as of the date of issuance calculated by the Company using a  5.80%  effective interest rate was  $44.3 million  and was amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the convertible notes (through the first put date on  August 18, 2011 ).  Total amortization of the cash discount and conversion option discount on the unsecured notes resulted in a reduction to earnings of approximately  $5.0 million  or  $0.02  per share/Unit for the year ended December 31, 2011.  In addition, the Company decreased the January 1, 2009 balance of retained earnings (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements) by  $27.0 million , decreased the January 1, 2009 balance of notes by  $17.3 million  and increased the January 1, 2009 balance of paid in capital (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements) by  $44.3 million .  F-28 Table of Contents 3. Equity, Capital and Other Interests Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests of Equity Residential The following tables present the changes in the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Shares and “Units” (which includes OP Units and Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) Units) for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 :          2013   2012   2011 Common Shares             Common Shares outstanding at January 1,   325,054,654   297,508,185   290,197,242 Common Shares Issued:             Conversion of OP Units   67,939   675,817   341,594 Issuance of Common Shares   34,468,085   25,023,919   3,866,666 Exercise of share options   586,017   1,608,427   2,945,948 Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   73,468   110,054   113,107 Restricted share grants, net   229,097   128,252   145,616 Common Shares Other:             Conversion of restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   (101,988 ) Common Shares outstanding at December 31,   360,479,260   325,054,654   297,508,185 Units             Units outstanding at January 1,   13,968,758   13,492,543   13,612,037 LTIP Units, net   279,557   70,235   120,112 OP Units issued through acquisitions   —   1,081,797   — Conversion of restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   101,988 Conversion of OP Units to Common Shares   (67,939 )   (675,817 )   (341,594 ) Units outstanding at December 31,   14,180,376   13,968,758   13,492,543 Total Common Shares and Units outstanding at December 31,   374,659,636   339,023,412   311,000,728 Units Ownership Interest in Operating Partnership   3.8 %   4.1 %   4.3 % OP Units Issued:             Acquisitions – per unit   —   $61.57   — Acquisitions – valuation   —   $66.6 million   — The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of LTIP Units, are collectively referred to as the “Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of LTIP Units), the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total plus the number of Common Shares. Net income is allocated to the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging holder of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Instruments that require settlement in registered shares can not be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer’s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are adjusted to the  F-29 Table of Contents greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units that are classified in permanent equity at  December 31, 2013  and 2012. The carrying value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership have a redemption value of approximately  $363.1 million , which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange with the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively (amounts in thousands):              2013   2012   2011 Balance at January 1,   $ 398,372   $ 416,404   $ 383,540 Change in market value   (79,667 )   (38,734 )   22,714 Change in carrying value   44,439   20,702   10,150 Balance at December 31,   $ 363,144   $ 398,372   $ 416,404 Net proceeds from EQR Common Share and Preferred Share (see definition below) offerings are contributed by EQR to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the Preferred Shares issued in the equity offering). As a result, the net offering proceeds from Common Shares and Preferred Shares are allocated between shareholders’ equity and Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership to account for the change in their respective percentage ownership of the underlying equity of ERPOP. The Company’s declaration of trust authorizes it to issue up to  $100,000,000  preferred shares of beneficial interest,  $0.01  par value per share (the “Preferred Shares”), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as the Board of Trustees may determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that are senior to the rights of holders of the Company’s Common Shares. The following table presents the Company’s issued and outstanding Preferred Shares as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 :             Amounts in thousands     Redemption Date (1)   Annual  Dividend per Share (2)   December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 Preferred Shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value;   100,000,000 shares authorized:                 8.29% Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred; liquidation    value $50 per share; 1,000,000 shares issued and outstanding     at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012   12/10/26   $4.145   $ 50,000   $ 50,000             $ 50,000   $ 50,000 (1) On or after the redemption date, redeemable preferred shares may be redeemed for cash at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation price per share, plus accrued and unpaid distributions, if any. (2) Dividends on Preferred Shares are payable quarterly.  Capital and Redeemable Limited Partners of ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables present the changes in the Operating Partnership's issued and outstanding Units and in the limited partners' Units for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 :      F-30 Table of Contents     2013   2012   2011 General and Limited Partner Units             General and Limited Partner Units outstanding at January 1,   339,023,412   311,000,728   303,809,279 Issued to General Partner:             Issuance of OP Units   34,468,085   25,023,919   3,866,666 Exercise of EQR share options   586,017   1,608,427   2,945,948 EQR's Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP)   73,468   110,054   113,107 EQR's restricted share grants, net   229,097   128,252   145,616 Issued to Limited Partners:             LTIP Units, net   279,557   70,235   120,112 OP Units issued through acquisitions   —   1,081,797   — General and Limited Partner Units outstanding at December 31,   374,659,636   339,023,412   311,000,728 Limited Partner Units             Limited Partner Units outstanding at January 1,   13,968,758   13,492,543   13,612,037 Limited Partner LTIP Units, net   279,557   70,235   120,112 Limited Partner OP Units issued through acquisitions   —   1,081,797   — Conversion of EQR restricted shares to LTIP Units   —   —   101,988 Conversion of Limited Partner OP Units to EQR Common Shares   (67,939 )   (675,817 )   (341,594 ) Limited Partner Units outstanding at December 31,   14,180,376   13,968,758   13,492,543 Limited Partner Units Ownership Interest in Operating Partnership   3.8 %   4.1 %   4.3 % Limited Partner OP Units Issued:             Acquisitions – per unit   —   $61.57   — Acquisitions – valuation   —   $66.6 million   — The Limited Partners of the Operating Partnership as of  December 31, 2013  include various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of LTIP Units. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of LTIP Units), Limited Partners may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Limited Partner Units (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Limited Partner Units in total in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total plus the number of General Partner Units. Net income is allocated to the Limited Partner Units based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Limited Partner Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR.  Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Limited Partner Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging limited partner.   The Limited Partner Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity.  If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Limited Partner Units are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Limited Partner Units”.  Instruments that require settlement in registered shares can not be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer's control to deliver registered shares.  Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet.  The Redeemable Limited Partner Units are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period.  EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Limited Partner Units that are classified in permanent equity at  December 31, 2013  and 2012. The carrying value of the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Limited Partner Units in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Limited Partner Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Redeemable Limited Partner Units have a redemption value of approximately  $363.1 million , which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange with the Redeemable Limited Partner Units. The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Limited Partners for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively (amounts in thousands): F-31 Table of Contents              2013   2012   2011 Balance at January 1,   $ 398,372   $ 416,404   $ 383,540 Change in market value   (79,667 )   (38,734 )   22,714 Change in carrying value   44,439   20,702   10,150 Balance at December 31,   $ 363,144   $ 398,372   $ 416,404 EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings (including proceeds from exercise of options for Common Shares) to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the preferred shares issued in the equity offering). The following table presents the Operating Partnership's issued and outstanding “Preference Units” as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 :               Amounts in thousands     Redemption Date (1)   Annual Dividend per Unit (2)   December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 Preference Units:                 8.29% Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units;   liquidation value $50 per unit; 1,000,000 units issued and   outstanding at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012   12/10/26   $4.145   $ 50,000   $ 50,000             $ 50,000   $ 50,000 (1) On or after the redemption date, redeemable preference units may be redeemed for cash at the option of the Operating Partnership, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation price per unit, plus accrued and unpaid distributions, if any, in conjunction with the concurrent redemption of the corresponding Company Preferred Shares. (2) Dividends on Preference Units are payable quarterly.  Other An unspecified amount of equity and debt securities remains available for issuance by EQR and ERPOP under a universal shelf registration statement that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on July 30, 2013 and expires on July 30, 2016.  In July 2013, the Board of Trustees also approved an increase to the amount of shares which may be offered under the ATM (see definition below) program to  13.0 million  Common Shares and extended the program maturity to July 2016.   Per the terms of ERPOP's partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). On February 27, 2013, the Company issued  34,468,085  Common Shares to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. as partial consideration for the portion of the Archstone Portfolio acquired by the Company (as discussed in Note 4 below).  The shares had a total value of  $1.9 billion  based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR Common Shares of  $55.99  per share. Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued  34,468,085  OP Units to EQR. On March 7, 2013, EQR filed a shelf registration statement relating to the resale of these shares by the selling shareholders. On November 28, 2012, as a partial source of funding for the Archstone Acquisition (see definition below), EQR priced the issuance of  21,850,000  Common Shares at a price of  $54.75  per share for total consideration of approximately  $1.2 billion , after deducting underwriting commissions of  $35.9 million .  Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued  21,850,000  OP Units to EQR. In September 2009, the Company announced the establishment of an At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program which would allow EQR to sell up to  17.0 million  Common Shares from time to time over the next three years (later increased by  5.7 million  Common Shares and extended to February 2014) into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Per the terms of ERPOP's partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis).  On July 30, 2013, the Company filed a new universal shelf registration statement to replace its existing universal shelf registration statement, which expired October 15, 2013.  The Board of Trustees also approved an increase to the amount of shares which may  F-32 Table of Contents be offered under the ATM program to  13.0 million  Common Shares and extended the program maturity to July 2016. EQR has not issued any shares under this program since September 14, 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2012, EQR issued approximately  3.2 million  Common Shares at an average price of  $60.59  per share for total consideration of approximately  $192.3 million  through the ATM program.  Concurrent with these transactions, ERPOP issued approximately  3.2 million  OP Units to EQR.  During the year ended December 31, 2011, EQR issued approximately  3.9 million  Common Shares at an average price of  $52.23  per share for total consideration of approximately  $201.9 million  through the ATM program.  Concurrent with these transactions, ERPOP issued approximately  3.9 million  OP Units to EQR.  As of  December 31, 2011, transactions to issue approximately  0.5 million  of the  3.9 million  Common Shares had not yet settled.  As of December 31, 2011, the Company increased the number of Common Shares issued and outstanding by this amount and recorded a receivable of approximately  $28.5 million  included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.   On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2011 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2011 Plan”).  The 2011 Plan reserved  12,980,741  Common Shares for issuance.  In conjunction with the approval of the 2011 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2002 Share Incentive Plan.  The 2011 Plan expires on June 16, 2021.  See Note 12 for further discussion. EQR has a share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Trustees under which it previously had authorization to repurchase up to  $464.6 million  of its shares. Effective July 30, 2013, the Board of Trustees approved an increase and modification to the Company's share repurchase program to allow for the potential repurchase of up to  13.0 million  Common Shares.  No shares were repurchased during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and 2011. On August 20, 2012, the Company redeemed its Series N Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares for cash consideration of  $150.0 million  plus accrued dividends through the redemption date. Concurrent with this transaction, the Operating Partnership redeemed its corresponding Series N Preference Units. The Company recorded the write-off of approximately  $5.1 million  in original issuance costs as a premium on the redemption of Preferred Shares/Preference Units. On April 18, 2012, the Operating Partnership issued  1,081,797  OP Units having a value of  $66.6 million  (based on the closing price for Common Shares of  $61.57  on such date) as partial consideration for the acquisition of  one  rental property.   During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company acquired all of its partner's interest in  one  consolidated partially owned land parcel for no cash consideration.  In conjunction with this transaction, the Company increased paid in capital (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements) by  $1.3 million   and reduced Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties by  $1.3 million .  During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company acquired all of its partners' interests in  three  consolidated partially owned properties consisting of  1,351  apartment units for  $12.8 million .  In conjunction with these transactions, the Company reduced paid in capital (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements) by  $4.8 million  and Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties by  $8.0 million . See Note 6 for a discussion of the Noncontrolling Interests assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of Archstone. 4. Real Estate and Lease Intangibles The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company’s investment in real estate (at cost) as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  (amounts in thousands): F-33 Table of Contents     2013   2012 Land   $ 6,192,512   $ 4,554,912 Depreciable property:         Buildings and improvements   17,509,609   14,135,740 Furniture, fixtures and equipment   1,214,220   1,343,765 In-Place lease intangibles   502,218   232,439 Projects under development:         Land   353,574   210,632 Construction-in-progress   635,293   177,118 Land held for development:         Land   341,389   294,868 Construction-in-progress   52,133   58,955 Investment in real estate   26,800,948   21,008,429 Accumulated depreciation   (4,807,709 )   (4,912,221 ) Investment in real estate, net   $ 21,993,239   $ 16,096,208 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company's above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles as of  December 31, 2013  (amounts in thousands): Description   Balance Sheet Location   Value Assets         Ground lease intangibles – below market   Other Assets   $ 178,251 Retail lease intangibles – above market   Other Assets   1,260 Lease intangible assets       179,511 Accumulated amortization       (4,364 ) Lease intangible assets, net       $ 175,147           Liabilities         Ground lease intangibles – above market   Other Liabilities   $ 2,400 Retail lease intangibles – below market   Other Liabilities   5,500 Lease intangible liabilities       7,900 Accumulated amortization       (1,161 ) Lease intangible liabilities, net       $ 6,739 During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company amortized approximately  $3.6 million  of above and below market ground lease intangibles which is included (net increase) in property and maintenance expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and approximately  $2.7 million  of above and below market retail lease intangibles which is included (net increase) in rental income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The weighted average amortization period for above and below market ground lease intangibles and retail lease intangibles is  49.8  years and  2.8  years, respectively. The following table provides a summary of the aggregate amortization expense for above and below market ground lease intangibles and retail lease intangibles for each of the next five years (amounts in thousands):                  2014   2015   2016   2017   2018                       Ground lease intangibles   $ 4,321   $ 4,321   $ 4,321   $ 4,321   $ 4,321 Retail lease intangibles   (1,010 )   (1,016 )   (908 )   (540 )   (71 ) Total   $ 3,311   $ 3,305   $ 3,413   $ 3,781   $ 4,250      F-34 Table of Contents Archstone Acquisition        On February 27, 2013, the Company, AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (“AVB”) and certain of their respective subsidiaries completed their previously announced acquisition (the “Archstone Acquisition” or the "Archstone Transaction") from Archstone Enterprise LP (“Enterprise”) (which subsequently changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP), an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. (“Lehman”) and its affiliates, of all of the assets of Enterprise (including interests in various entities affiliated with Enterprise), constituting a portfolio of apartment properties and other assets (the “Archstone Portfolio”). The Company acquired assets representing approximately  60%  of the Archstone Portfolio which consisted principally of high-quality apartment properties in major markets in the United States. The acquisition allowed the Company to accelerate the completion of its strategic shift into coastal apartment markets. Pursuant to the Archstone Transaction, the Company acquired directly or indirectly,  71  wholly owned, stabilized properties consisting of  20,160  apartment units,  one  partially owned and consolidated stabilized property consisting of  432  apartment units,  one  partially owned and unconsolidated stabilized property consisting of  336  apartment units,  three  consolidated master-leased properties consisting of  853  apartment units,  four  projects in various stages of construction ( two  consolidated and  two  unconsolidated) for  964  apartment units and  fourteen  land sites for approximately  $9.0 billion .  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company recorded revenues and net operating income ("NOI") of  $514.7 million  and  $352.8 million , respectively, from the acquired assets.   The consideration paid by the Company in connection with the Archstone Acquisition consisted of cash of approximately  $4.0 billion  (inclusive of  $2.0 billion  of Archstone secured mortgage principal paid off in conjunction with the closing),  34,468,085  Common Shares (which shares had a total value of  $1.9 billion  based on the February 27, 2013 closing price of EQR common shares of  $55.99  per share) issued to the seller and the assumption of approximately  $3.1 billion  of mortgage debt (inclusive of a net mark-to-market premium of  $127.9 million ) and approximately  60%  of all of the other assets and liabilities related to the Archstone Portfolio.  The cash consideration was funded with proceeds from the November 2012 public equity offering, the asset sales discussed below, the Company's new  $750.0 million  senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility and the Company's revolving credit facility.  The Company owns the building and improvements and leases the land underlying the improvements under long-term ground leases that expire beginning in 2042 and running through 2103 for  nine  of the operating properties acquired and discussed above.  These properties are consolidated and reflected as real estate assets while the ground leases are accounted for as operating leases.  The Company also leases the  three  master-leased properties discussed above to third party operators and earns monthly net rental income. The Company is accounting for the acquisition under the acquisition method in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805,  Business Combinations  (“ASC 805”), and the initial accounting for this business combination is substantially complete but subject to further adjustment as certain information becomes available (see further discussion below).  The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which the Company determined using Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 inputs (amounts in thousands):       Land   $ 2,239,000 Depreciable property:     Buildings and improvements   5,805,467 Furniture, fixtures and equipment   61,470 In-Place lease intangibles   304,830 Projects under development   36,583 Land held for development   244,097 Investments in unconsolidated entities   196,615 Other assets   195,260 Other liabilities   (112,107 ) Net assets acquired   $ 8,971,215 The allocation of fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed has changed from the allocation reported in “Note 4 – Real Estate and Lease Intangibles” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 filed with the SEC on November 7, 2013.  The changes to our valuation assumptions were based on more accurate information concerning the subject assets and liabilities. None of these changes  F-35 Table of Contents had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.  This allocation is subject to further adjustment due primarily to information not readily available at the acquisition date, final purchase price settlement with our partner in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement, reclassification adjustments for presentation and adjustments to our valuation assumptions.  The Company's assessment of the fair values and the allocation of the purchase price to the identified tangible and intangible assets/liabilities is its current best estimate of fair value.   The fair values of investment in real estate were determined using internally developed models that were based on market assumptions and comparable sales data as well as external valuations performed by unrelated third parties. The market assumptions used as inputs to the Company’s fair value model include construction costs, leasing assumptions, growth rates, discount rates, terminal capitalization rates and development yields. The Company uses data on its existing portfolio of properties and its recent acquisition and development properties, as well as similar market data from third party sources, when available, in determining these inputs (Level 2 and 3).  The fair value of Noncontrolling Interests was calculated similar to the investment in real estate described above.  The fair value of mortgage debt was calculated using indicative rates, leverage and coverage provided by lenders of similar loans (Level 2).  The Common Shares issued to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. were valued using the quoted market price of Common Shares (Level 1). The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles, which we determined using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs (amounts in thousands): Description   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value Ground lease intangibles – below market   Other Assets   $ 178,251 Retail lease intangibles – above market   Other Assets   1,260           Ground lease intangibles – above market   Other Liabilities   2,400 Retail lease intangibles – below market   Other Liabilities   8,040 As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company has incurred Archstone-related expenses of approximately  $94.7 million , of which approximately  $13.5 million  of this total was financing-related and approximately  $81.2 million  was merger costs. During the years ended  December 31, 2013 , 2012 and 2011, the Company expensed  $19.9 million ,  $5.6 million  and  $1.7 million , respectively, of direct merger costs primarily related to investment banking and legal/accounting fees, which were included in merger expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.  During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company also expensed  $54.0 million  of indirect merger costs related to severance obligations and retention bonuses through our  60%  interest in an unconsolidated joint venture with AVB, which were included in (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities due to merger expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. In addition, during the years ended  December 31, 2013 , 2012 and 2011, the Company expensed  $2.5 million ,  $8.4 million  and  $2.6 million , respectively, of financing-related costs, which were included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information Equity Residential The following table illustrates the effect on net income, earnings per share – basic and earnings per share – diluted as if the Company had consummated the Archstone Acquisition as of January 1, 2012: F-36 Table of Contents     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012     (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) Total revenues   $ 2,485,438   $ 2,317,699 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1)   203,286   (54,940 ) Discontinued operations, net   2,074,072   720,361 Net income   2,277,358   665,421 Net income available to Common Shares   2,183,756   622,424 Earnings per share - basic:         Net income available to Common Shares   $ 6.07   $ 1.74 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding (2)   359,688   356,984 Earnings per share - diluted (1):         Net income available to Common Shares   $ 6.05   $ 1.74 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding (2)   375,861   356,984 (1)  Potential common shares issuable from the assumed conversion of OP Units and the exercise/vesting of long-term compensation shares/units are automatically anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the Company had a pro forma loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2012. (2) Includes an adjustment for Common Shares issued to the public in December 2012 and to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. in February 2013 as partial consideration for the Archstone Acquisition. ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following table illustrates the effect on net income, earnings per Unit – basic and earnings per Unit – diluted as if the Operating Partnership had consummated the Archstone Acquisition as of January 1, 2012:     Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012     (Amounts in thousands, except per Unit amounts) Total revenues   $ 2,485,438   $ 2,317,699 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1)   203,286   (54,940 ) Discontinued operations, net   2,074,072   720,361 Net income   2,277,358   665,421 Net income available to Units   2,273,798   651,548 Earnings per Unit - basic:         Net income available to Units   $ 6.07   $ 1.74 Weighted average Units outstanding (2)   373,421   370,837 Earnings per Unit - diluted (1):         Net income available to Units   $ 6.05   $ 1.74 Weighted average Units outstanding (2)   375,861   370,837 (1)  Potential Units issuable from the assumed exercise/vesting of the Company's long-term compensation shares/units are automatically anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the diluted earnings per Unit calculation as the Operating Partnership had a pro forma loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2012. (2) Includes an adjustment for Common Shares issued to the public in December 2012 and to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. in February 2013 as partial consideration for the Archstone Acquisition. Concurrent with these transactions, ERPOP issued the same number of OP Units to EQR. For the years ended  December 31, 2013  and 2012, acquisition costs of   $19.9 million  and  $5.6 million , respectively, and severance/retention and other costs of  $54.1 million  and none, respectively, related to the Archstone Acquisition are not expected  F-37 Table of Contents to have a continuing impact on the Company's financial results and therefore have been excluded from these pro forma results. The pro forma results also do not include the impact of any synergies or lower borrowing costs that the Company has or may achieve as a result of the acquisition or any strategies that management has or may consider in order to more efficiently manage the Company's operations, nor do they give pro forma effect to any other acquisitions, dispositions or capital markets transactions (excluding the equity offering in December 2012 which proceeds were used for the Archstone Acquisition) that the Company completed during the periods presented. These pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been obtained had the Archstone Acquisition occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of future operating results. Other In addition to the Archstone Acquisition described above, during the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company acquired the entire equity interest in the following from unaffiliated parties (purchase price in thousands):     Properties   Apartment Units   Purchase Price Rental Properties – Consolidated   1   322   $ 91,500 Land Parcel (one)   —   —   16,500 Total   1   322   $ 108,000 During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired the entire equity interest in the following from unaffiliated parties (purchase price in thousands):     Properties   Apartment Units   Purchase Price Rental Properties – Consolidated   9   1,896   $ 906,305 Land Parcel (six)   —   —   141,240 Total   9   1,896   $ 1,047,545 During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price in thousands):     Properties   Apartment Units   Sales Price Consolidated:             Rental Properties   94   29,180   $ 4,459,339 Land Parcels (seven)   —   —   99,650 Other (1)   —   —   30,734 Unconsolidated:             Land Parcel (one) (2)   —   —   26,350 Total   94   29,180   $ 4,616,073 (1) Represents a 97,000 square foot commercial building adjacent to our Harbor Steps apartment property in downtown Seattle that was acquired in 2011.  (2) Sales price listed is the gross sales price. EQR's share of the net sales proceeds approximated 25%. The Company recognized a net gain on sales of discontinued operations of approximately  $2.0 billion  and a net gain on sales of land parcels of approximately  $12.2 million  on the above sales. During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price in thousands):     Properties   Apartment Units   Sales Price Rental Properties – Consolidated   35   9,012   $ 1,061,334 Total   35   9,012   $ 1,061,334 The Company recognized a net gain on sales of discontinued operations of approximately  $548.3 million  on the above sales. F-38 Table of Contents 5. Commitments to Acquire/Dispose of Real Estate In addition to the property that was subsequently acquired as discussed in Note 18, the Company has entered into a separate agreement to acquire the following (purchase price in thousands):            Properties   Apartment Units   Purchase Price Land Parcel (one) —   —   $ 10,290 Total —   —   $ 10,290 The Company has entered into a separate agreement to dispose of the following (sales price in thousands):            Properties   Apartment Units   Purchase Price Land Parcel (one) —   —   $ 40,300 Total —   —   $ 40,300 The closings of these pending transactions are subject to certain conditions and restrictions, therefore, there can be no assurance that these transactions will be consummated or that the final terms will not differ in material respects from those summarized in the preceding paragraphs. 6. Investments in Partially Owned Entities The Company has co-invested in various properties with unrelated third parties which are either consolidated or accounted for under the equity method of accounting (unconsolidated). The following tables and information summarize the Company’s investments in partially owned entities as of  December 31, 2013  (amounts in thousands except for project and apartment unit amounts): F-39 Table of Contents   Consolidated   Unconsolidated   Development Projects           Development Projects           Held for and/or Under Development   Operating   Total   Held for and/or Under Development   Completed, Not Stabilized (3)   Operating   Total                             Total projects (1) —   19   19   —   3   1   4                             Total apartment units (1) —   3,752   3,752   —   1,333   336   1,669                             Balance sheet information at 12/31/13 (at 100%):                           ASSETS                           Investment in real estate $ 342,222   $ 673,957   $ 1,016,179   $ 45,123   $ 284,264   $ 55,545   $ 384,932 Accumulated depreciation —   (172,802 )   (172,802 )   —   (1,887 )   (4,605 )   (6,492 ) Investment in real estate, net 342,222   501,155   843,377   45,123   282,377   50,940   378,440 Cash and cash equivalents 4,704   22,792   27,496   262   1,505   1,377   3,144 Investments in unconsolidated entities —   54,439   54,439   —   —   —   — Deposits – restricted 43,654   220   43,874   —   95   47   142 Deferred financing costs, net —   2,496   2,496   77   129   4   210 Other assets 5,841   26,899   32,740   —   355   871   1,226        Total assets $ 396,421   $ 608,001   $ 1,004,422   $ 45,462   $ 284,461   $ 53,239   $ 383,162                             LIABILITIES AND EQUITY/CAPITAL                           Mortgage notes payable (2) $ —   $ 360,130   $ 360,130   $ 11,379   $ 172,279   $ 30,550   $ 214,208 Accounts payable & accrued expenses 21,569   1,113   22,682   4,433   3,844   164   8,441 Accrued interest payable —   1,283   1,283   23   693   —   716 Other liabilities 1,157   1,487   2,644   339   572   768   1,679 Security deposits 10   1,828   1,838   —   222   105   327        Total liabilities 22,736   365,841   388,577   16,174   177,610   31,587   225,371                             Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned        Properties/Partners' equity 114,245   12,338   126,583   27,858   73,902   20,450   122,210 Company equity/General and Limited        Partners' Capital 259,440   229,822   489,262   1,430   32,949   1,202   35,581        Total equity/capital 373,685   242,160   615,845   29,288   106,851   21,652   157,791        Total liabilities and equity/capital $ 396,421   $ 608,001   $ 1,004,422   $ 45,462   $ 284,461   $ 53,239   $ 383,162 F-40 Table of Contents   Consolidated   Unconsolidated   Development Projects           Development Projects           Held for and/or Under Development           Held for and/or Under Development       Operating                   Completed, Not Stabilized (3)           Operating   Total         Total Operating information for the year ended 12/31/13 (at 100%):                           Operating revenue $ 231   $ 80,968   $ 81,199   $ —   $ 6,629   $ 4,597   $ 11,226 Operating expenses 741   24,888   25,629   135   3,554   1,949   5,638                             Net operating (loss) income (510 )   56,080   55,570   (135 )   3,075   2,648   5,588 Depreciation —   31,824   31,824   —   1,887   4,605   6,492 General and administrative/other 882   93   975   —   53   201   254                             Operating (loss) income (1,392 )   24,163   22,771   (135 )   1,135   (2,158 )   (1,158 ) Interest and other income 2   3   5   —   —   10   10 Other expenses (503 )   (5 )   (508 )   —   —   —   — Interest:                           Expense incurred, net (2 )   (14,561 )   (14,563 )   —   (1,886 )   (941 )   (2,827 ) Amortization of deferred financing costs —   (301 )   (301 )   —   —   (1 )   (1 )                             (Loss) income before income and other taxes, (loss)      from investments in unconsolidated entities, net       (loss) gain on sales of land parcels and       discontinued operations (1,895 )   9,299   7,404   (135 )   (751 )   (3,090 )   (3,976 ) Income and other tax (expense) benefit (11 )   (56 )   (67 )   —   —   —   — (Loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities —   (1,387 )   (1,387 )   —   —   —   — Net (loss) on sales of land parcels (17 )   —   (17 )   —   —   —   — Net gain on sales of discontinued operations —   26,673   26,673   —   —   —   —                             Net (loss) income $ (1,923 )   $ 34,529   $ 32,606   $ (135 )   $ (751 )   $ (3,090 )   $ (3,976 ) (1) Project and apartment unit counts exclude all uncompleted development projects until those projects are substantially completed. (2) All debt is non-recourse to the Company with the exception of  50%  of the current  $11.4 million  outstanding debt balance on one unconsolidated development project. (3) Projects included here are substantially complete. However, they may still require additional exterior and interior work for all units to be available for leasing. Note:  The above tables exclude the Company's interests in unconsolidated joint ventures entered into with AVB in connection with the Archstone Transaction. These ventures own certain non-core Archstone assets that are held for sale and succeeded to certain residual Archstone liabilities, such as liability for various employment-related matters as well as responsibility for tax protection arrangements and third-party preferred interests in former Archstone subsidiaries. The preferred interests have an aggregate liquidation value of  $89.0 million  at  December 31, 2013 . The ventures are owned  60%  by the Company and  40%  by AVB. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company and its joint venture partner sold  two  consolidated partially owned properties consisting of  441  apartment units and recognized a net gain on the sales of approximately  $21.3 million . The Company is the controlling partner in various consolidated partnership properties and development properties having a noncontrolling interest book value of  $126.6 million  at  December 31, 2013 . The Company has identified one development partnership, consisting of a land parcel with a book value of  $5.0 million , as a VIE. The Company does not have any unconsolidated VIEs. Archstone Acquisition On February 27, 2013, in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, the Company acquired interests in several joint ventures. Details of these interests follow by project: Park Aire (formerly known as Enclave at Wellington) – This venture is currently developing certain land parcels into a  268  unit apartment building located in Wellington, Florida.  The Company has a  95%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $26.2 million .  Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $50.0 million .  The Company is the managing member, is responsible for constructing the project and its partner does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is required to be consolidated on the Company's balance sheet. F-41 Table of Contents East Palmetto Park – This venture was formed to ultimately develop certain land parcels into a  377  unit apartment building located in Boca Raton, Florida.  The Company has a  90%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $20.2 million .  The Company is the managing member, is responsible for constructing the project and its partner does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is required to be consolidated on the Company's balance sheet.  Wisconsin Place – This project contains a mixed-use site located in Chevy Chase, Maryland consisting of residential, retail, office and accessory uses, including underground parking facilities.  The Company has a  75%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $198.5 million  in the  432  unit residential component. The Company is the managing member, was responsible for constructing the residential project and its partner does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity that owns the residential component of this mixed-use site is required to be consolidated on the Company's balance sheet.  Such entity also retains an unconsolidated interest in an entity that owns the land underlying the entire project and owns and operates the parking facility. The initial fair value of this investment is  $56.5 million . The Company does not have any ownership interest in the retail and office components.  San Norterra – This venture developed certain land parcels into a  388  unit apartment building located in Phoenix, Arizona.  The Company has an  85%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $16.9 million .  Total project costs are approximately  $56.3 million  and construction was partially funded with a construction loan that is guaranteed by the partner and non-recourse to the Company.  The loan   has a maximum debt commitment of  $34.8 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $33.0 million ; the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus  2.00%  and matures  January 6, 2015 .  The partner is the managing member and developed the project.  The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. Waterton Tenside – This venture was formed to develop and operate a  336  unit apartment property located in Atlanta, Georgia.  The Company has a  20%  equity interest with an initial basis of  $5.1 million .  The partner is the managing member and developed the project. The project is encumbered by a non-recourse mortgage loan that has a current outstanding balance of  $30.6 million , bears interest at  3.66%  and matures  December 1, 2018 . The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting.  Parkside at Emeryville – This venture is currently developing certain land parcels into a  176  unit apartment building located in Emeryville, California. The Company has a  5%  equity interest with an initial obligation of approximately  $2.1 million .  Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $75.0 million  and construction is being partially funded with a construction loan. The loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $39.5 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $11.4 million ; the loan bears interest at LIBOR plus  2.25%  and matures  August 14, 2015 .  The Company has given a repayment guaranty on the construction loan of 50% of the outstanding balance, up to a maximum of  $19.7 million , and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees. The partner is the managing member and is developing the project.  The Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  As a result, the entity is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the Archstone Acquisition, subsidiaries of the Company and AVB entered into three limited liability company agreements (collectively, the “Residual JV”).  The Residual JV owns certain non-core Archstone assets that are held for sale, such as interests in a German portfolio of apartment buildings, and succeeded to certain residual Archstone liabilities, such as liability for various employment-related matters.  The Residual JV is owned  60%  by the Company and  40%  by AVB and the Company's initial investment was  $113.6 million . The Residual JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and AVB.  Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners.  As a result, the Residual JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the Archstone Acquisition, a subsidiary of the Company and AVB entered into a limited liability company agreement (the “Legacy JV”), through which they assumed obligations of Archstone in the form of preferred interests, some of which are governed by tax protection arrangements.  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company purchased with AVB  $65.0 million  (of which the Company's  60%  share was  $39.0 million ) of the preferred interests assumed by Legacy JV.  At  December 31, 2013 , the remaining preferred interests have an aggregate liquidation value of  $89.0 million , our share of which is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Obligations of the Legacy JV are borne  60%  by the Company and  40%  by AVB.  The Legacy JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and AVB.  Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners.  As a result, the Legacy JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. F-42 Table of Contents Other In December 2011, the Company and Toll Brothers (NYSE: TOL) jointly acquired a vacant land parcel at 400 Park Avenue South in New York City.  The Company's and Toll Brothers' allocated portions of the purchase price were approximately  $76.1 million  and  $57.9 million , respectively.  The Company is the managing member and Toll Brothers does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights. Until the core and shell of the building is complete, the building and land will be owned jointly and are required to be consolidated on the Company's balance sheet.  Thereafter, the Company will solely own and control the rental portion of the building (floors 2-22) and Toll Brothers will solely own and control the for sale portion of the building (floors 23-40).  Once the core and shell are complete, the Toll Brothers' portion of the property will be deconsolidated from the Company's balance sheet. The acquisition was financed through contributions by the Company and Toll Brothers of approximately  $102.5 million  and  $75.7 million , respectively, which included the land purchase noted above, restricted deposits and taxes and fees.  As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company's and Toll Brothers' consolidated contributions to the joint venture were approximately  $292.6 million , of which Toll Brothers' noncontrolling interest balance totaled  $111.7 million . The Company admitted an  80%  institutional partner to  two  separate entities/transactions (Nexus Sawgrass in December 2010 and Domain in August 2011), each owning a developable land parcel, in exchange for  $40.1 million  in cash and retained a  20%  equity interest in both of these entities.  These projects are now unconsolidated.   Details of these projects follow: • Nexus Sawgrass – This development project was substantially completed as of September 30, 2013.  Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $80.0 million  and construction was predominantly funded with a long-term, non-recourse secured loan from the partner. The mortgage loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $48.7 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $47.6 million ; the loan bears interest at  5.60%  and matures  January 1, 2021 .   • Domain – This development project was substantially completed as of December 31, 2013.  Total project costs are expected to be approximately  $154.6 million  and construction was predominantly funded with a long-term, non-recourse secured loan from the partner. The mortgage loan has a maximum debt commitment of  $98.6 million  and a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of  $91.6 million ; the loan bears interest at  5.75%  and matures  January 1, 2022 .  While the Company is the managing member of both of the joint ventures, was responsible for constructing both of the projects and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees, the joint venture partner has significant participating rights and has active involvement in and oversight of the ongoing projects. The Company currently has no further funding obligations related to these projects. 7.  Deposits –   Restricted The following table presents the Company’s restricted deposits as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012  (amounts in thousands):     December 31, 2013   December 31, 2012 Tax – deferred (1031) exchange proceeds   $ —   $ 152,182 Earnest money on pending acquisitions   4,514   5,613 Restricted deposits on real estate investments   53,771   44,209 Resident security and utility deposits   44,777   44,199 Other   505   4,239 Totals   $ 103,567   $ 250,442 8. Debt EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. EQR guarantees the Operating Partnership’s  $750.0 million  senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility and also guarantees the Operating Partnership’s revolving credit facility up to the maximum amount and for the full term of the facility. Mortgage Notes Payable As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company had outstanding mortgage debt of approximately  $5.2 billion . During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company: F-43 Table of Contents ▪ Assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $2.2 billion  of mortgage debt held in two Fannie Mae loan pools, consisting of  $1.2 billion  collateralized by  16  properties with an interest rate of  6.256%  and a maturity date of  November 1, 2017  ("Pool 3") and  $963.5 million  collateralized by  15  properties with an interest rate of  5.883%  and a maturity date of  November 1, 2014  ("Pool 4");  ▪ Repaid  $2.5 billion  of mortgage loans, which includes the partial paydown of  $825.0 million  of Pool 3 mortgage debt and the payoff of  $963.5 million  of Pool 4 mortgage debt;  ▪ Assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $346.6 million  of tax-exempt bonds on  four  properties with interest rates ranging from SIFMA plus  0.860%  to SIFMA plus  1.402%  and maturity dates through  November 15, 2036 ;  ▪ Assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $339.0 million  of other mortgage debt on  three  properties with fixed interest rates ranging from  0.100%  to  5.240%  and maturity dates through  May 1, 2061 ;  ▪ Assumed as part of the Archstone Transaction  $34.1 million  of other mortgage debt on  one  property with a variable rate of LIBOR plus  1.75%  and a maturity date of  September 1, 2014 ; ▪ Recorded  $127.9 million  of net mark-to-market premiums on the mortgage debt described in the bullets above; and  ▪ Obtained  $902.9 million  of new mortgage loan proceeds, inclusive of an  $800.0 million  secured loan from a large insurance company which matures on  November 10, 2023 , is interest only and carries a fixed interest rate of  4.21% . The Company recorded approximately  $222.4 million  and  $7.4 million  of prepayment penalties and write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs, respectively, during the year ended  December 31, 2013  as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. The Company also recorded  $110.5 million  of write-offs of net unamortized premiums during the year ended December 31, 2013 as a reduction of interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages.  As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company had  $700.5 million  of secured debt subject to third party credit enhancement. As of  December 31, 2013 , scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding mortgage indebtedness were at various dates through  May 1, 2061 .  At  December 31, 2013 , the interest rate range on the Company’s mortgage debt was  0.03%  to  7.25% . During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s mortgage debt was  4.23%  (excludes  $113.6 million  of write-offs of unamortized premiums related to debt extinguishment of mortgages).  The historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, of encumbered properties was  $7.3 billion  and  $4.4 billion  at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively. As of  December 31, 2012 , the Company had outstanding mortgage debt of approximately  $3.9 billion . During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company: ▪ Repaid  $364.3 million  of mortgage loans; ▪ Obtained  $26.5 million  of new mortgage loan proceeds; and ▪ Assumed  $137.6 million  of mortgage debt on  two  acquired properties. The Company recorded approximately  $0.3 million  and  $1.6 million  of prepayment penalties and write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs, respectively, during the year ended  December 31, 2012  as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. As of  December 31, 2012 , the Company had  $362.2 million  of secured debt subject to third party credit enhancement. As of  December 31, 2012 , scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding mortgage indebtedness were at various dates through  June 15, 2051 . At  December 31, 2012 , the interest rate range on the Company’s mortgage debt was  0.11%  to  11.25% . During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s mortgage debt was  4.96% . Notes The following tables summarize the Company’s unsecured note balances and certain interest rate and maturity date information as of and for the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively: December 31, 2013  (Amounts are in thousands)   Net Principal Balance   Interest Rate Ranges   Weighted Average Interest Rate   Maturity Date Ranges Fixed Rate Public/Private Notes (1)   $ 4,727,088   3.00% - 7.57%   5.55%   2014 - 2026 Floating Rate Public/Private Notes (1)   750,000   (1) (2)   1.58%   2015 Totals   $ 5,477,088             F-44 Table of Contents December 31, 2012  (Amounts are in thousands)   Net Principal Balance   Interest Rate Ranges   Weighted Average Interest Rate   Maturity Date Ranges Fixed Rate Public/Private Notes (1)   $ 4,329,352   4.625% - 7.57%   5.70%   2013 - 2026 Floating Rate Public/Private Notes (1)   301,523   (1)   1.83%   2013 Totals   $ 4,630,875             (1) At   December 31, 2012 ,  $300.0 million  in fair value interest rate swaps converts a portion of the  $400.0 million  face value  5.200%  notes due  April 1, 2013  to a floating interest rate. On April 1, 2013, the Company paid off the  $400.0 million  outstanding of its  5.200%   public notes at maturity and the related fair value interest rate swaps matured. (2) Includes the Company's senior unsecured  $750.0 million  delayed draw term loan facility that matures on January 11, 2015 and is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company.  The interest rate on advances under the term loan facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently  1.20% ), which is dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. The Company’s unsecured public debt contains certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios. The Company was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 . An unspecified amount of equity and debt securities remains available for issuance by EQR and ERPOP under a universal shelf registration statement that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on July 30, 2013 and expires on July 30, 2016. Per the terms of ERPOP's partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company: ▪ Repaid  $400.0 million  of  5.200%  unsecured notes at maturity;  ▪ Issued  $500.0 million  of ten-year  3.00%  fixed rate public notes, receiving net proceeds of  $495.6 million  before underwriting fees, hedge termination costs and other expenses, at an all-in effective interest rate of  3.998% ; and ▪ Entered into a senior unsecured  $750.0 million  delayed draw term loan facility which was fully drawn on February 27, 2013 in connection with the Archstone Acquisition.  The maturity date of January 11, 2015 is subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company.  The interest rate on advances under the term loan facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently  1.20% ), which is dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company: ▪ Repaid  $253.9 million  of  6.625%  unsecured notes at maturity;  ▪ Repaid  $222.1 million  of  5.500%  unsecured notes at maturity; ▪ Repaid its  $500.0 million  term loan facility at maturity; and ▪ Entered into a new senior unsecured  $500.0 million  delayed draw term loan facility that could have been drawn anytime on or before July 4, 2012.  The Company elected not to draw on this facility and subject to the terms of the agreement, the facility expired undrawn. The Company recorded approximately  $1.0 million  of write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs at termination.        In November 2012, the Company obtained a commitment for a senior unsecured bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed  $2.5 billion  to finance the acquisition of Archstone and to pay fees and expenses relating to this transaction.  The Company incurred fees totaling  $10.9 million  to structure this facility, of which  $8.4 million  was written off in 2012 in conjunction with additional capital raising activities which curtailed amounts available on this facility.  On January 11, 2013, the Company terminated this  $2.5 billion  bridge loan facility in connection with the execution of the term loan facility discussed above and the new revolving credit facility discussed below. The Company wrote off approximately  $2.5 million  of unamortized deferred financing costs during the year ended  December 31, 2013  as additional interest expense.   In December 2011, the Company obtained a commitment for a senior unsecured bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed  $1.0 billion  to finance the potential acquisition of an ownership interest in Archstone. The Company paid fees of  $2.6 million  to structure this facility, which were recorded as deferred financing costs and amortized in 2011.  On January 6, 2012, the Company terminated this  $1.0 billion  bridge loan facility in connection with an amendment to the Company's revolving credit facility (see below for further discussion) and the execution of the  $500.0 million  delayed draw term loan facility discussed above. F-45 Table of Contents On October 11, 2007, the Company closed on a  $500.0 million  senior unsecured term loan. Effective April 5, 2011, the Company exercised the second of its  two   one -year extension options, resulting in a maturity date of  October 5, 2012 . The Company paid off this term loan at maturity. The loan bore interest at variable rates based upon LIBOR plus a spread ( 0.50% ) dependent upon the credit rating on the Company’s long-term senior unsecured debt.  On August 23, 2006, the Company issued  $650.0 million  of exchangeable notes that were to mature on  August 15, 2026 .  The notes bore interest at a fixed rate of  3.85% . The notes were exchangeable into Common Shares, at the option of the holders, under specific circumstances or on or after August 15, 2025, at an exchange rate of  16.3934  shares per  $1,000  principal amount of notes (equivalent to an exchange price of  $61.00  per share).  On August 18, 2011 (the "Redemption Date"), the Operating Partnership redeemed all of the outstanding notes for  $482.5 million  in cash, which was equal to 100% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but excluding the Redemption Date.  See Note 2 for more information on the change in the recognition of interest expense for these notes. Lines of Credit On January 11, 2013, the Company replaced its existing  $1.75 billion  facility with a  $2.5 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility maturing  April 1, 2018 .  The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional  $500.0 million  by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments.  The interest rate on advances under the new credit facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently  1.05% ) and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 15 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt.   In July 2011, the Company replaced its then existing unsecured revolving credit facility with a new  $1.25 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on  July 13, 2014 , subject to a one-year extension option exercisable by the Company. The Company had the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional  $500.0 million  by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments.  On January 6, 2012, the Company amended this credit facility to increase available borrowings by an additional  $500.0 million  to  $1.75 billion  with all other terms, including the July 13, 2014 maturity date, remaining the same.  The interest rate on advances under the credit facility was generally LIBOR plus a spread ( 1.15% ) and the Company paid an annual facility fee of  0.2% .  Both the spread and the facility fee were dependent on the credit rating of the Company's long-term debt. The facility had replaced the Company's previous  $1.425 billion  facility which was scheduled to mature in  February 2012 .  The Company wrote-off  $0.2 million  in unamortized deferred financing costs related to the old facility.   As of  December 31, 2013 , the amount available on the credit facility was  $2.35 billion  (net of  $34.9 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of  $115.0 million  outstanding).  During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the weighted average interest rate was  1.26% . As of  December 31, 2012 , the amount available on the credit facility was  $1.72 billion  (net of  $30.2 million  which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit) and there was no amount outstanding.  During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the weighted average interest rate was  1.35% .  Other The following table provides a summary of the aggregate payments of principal on all debt for each of the next five years and thereafter (amounts in thousands): Year   Total (1) 2014   $ 561,084 2015   1,170,448 2016   1,193,251 2017   1,347,191 2018 — 297,016 Thereafter   6,209,697 Net Unamortized (Discount)   (12,433 ) Total   $ 10,766,254 (1) Premiums and discounts are amortized over the life of the debt. 9. Derivative and Other Fair Value Instruments F-46 Table of Contents The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. The carrying values of the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its line of credit) were approximately  $5.2 billion  and  $5.6 billion , respectively, at  December 31, 2013 . The fair values of the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its line of credit) were approximately  $5.1 billion  (Level 2) and  $5.9 billion  (Level 2), respectively, at  December 31, 2013 . The carrying values of the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured notes were approximately  $3.9 billion  and  $4.6 billion , respectively, at  December 31, 2012 . The fair values of the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured notes were approximately  $4.3 billion  (Level 2) and  $5.2 billion  (Level 2), respectively, at  December 31, 2012 . The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments (other than mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, lines of credit, derivative instruments and investment securities), including cash and cash equivalents and other financial instruments, approximate their carrying or contract values. In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rates or manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business.  The following table summarizes the Company’s consolidated derivative instruments at  December 31, 2013  (dollar amounts are in thousands):   Forward Starting Swaps (1) Current Notional Balance $ 400,000 Lowest Possible Notional $ 400,000 Highest Possible Notional $ 400,000 Lowest Interest Rate 2.125 % Highest Interest Rate 3.230 % Earliest Maturity Date 2024 Latest Maturity Date 2024 (1) Forward Starting Swaps – Designed to partially fix the interest rate in advance of a planned future debt issuance. These swaps have mandatory counterparty terminations in 2015, and are targeted to 2014 issuances. In April 2013, the Company's remaining fair value hedges matured. In June 2011, the Company's remaining development cash flow hedge matured. A three-level valuation hierarchy exists for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are defined as follows: • Level 1 – Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. • Level 2 – Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. • Level 3 – Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. The Company’s derivative positions are valued using models developed by the respective counterparty as well as models developed internally by the Company that use as their basis readily observable market parameters (such as forward yield curves and credit default swap data). Employee holdings other than Common Shares within the supplemental executive retirement plan  F-47 Table of Contents (the “SERP”) are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets and are included in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company’s investment securities are valued using quoted market prices or readily available market interest rate data. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners are valued using the quoted market price of Common Shares.  The fair values disclosed for mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its line of credit) were calculated using indicative rates provided by lenders of similar loans in the case of mortgage notes payable and the private unsecured debt (including its line of credit) and quoted market prices for each underlying issuance in the case of the public unsecured notes. The following tables provide a summary of the fair value measurements for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the location within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively (amounts in thousands):             Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using             Quoted Prices in                     Active Markets for   Significant Other   Significant     Balance Sheet       Identical Assets/Liabilities   Observable Inputs   Unobservable Inputs Description   Location   12/31/2013   (Level 1)   (Level 2)   (Level 3) Assets                     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                      Interest Rate Contracts:                         Forward Starting Swaps   Other Assets   $ 18,712   $ —   $ 18,712   $ — Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Other Assets   83,845   83,845   —   — Total       $ 102,557   $ 83,845   $ 18,712   $ —                       Liabilities                     Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Other Liabilities   $ 83,845   $ 83,845   $ —   $ — Total       $ 83,845   $ 83,845   $ —   $ —                       Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests –                      Operating Partnership/Redeemable                         Limited Partners Mezzanine   $ 363,144   $ —   $ 363,144   $ — F-48 Table of Contents             Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using             Quoted Prices in                     Active Markets for   Significant Other   Significant     Balance Sheet       Identical Assets/Liabilities   Observable Inputs   Unobservable Inputs Description   Location   12/31/2012   (Level 1)   (Level 2)   (Level 3) Assets                     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                      Interest Rate Contracts:                         Fair Value Hedges   Other Assets   $ 1,523   $ —   $ 1,523   $ — Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Other Assets   70,655   70,655   —   — Available-for-Sale Investment Securities Other Assets   2,214   2,214   —   — Total       $ 74,392   $ 72,869   $ 1,523   $ —                       Liabilities                     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                      Interest Rate Contracts:                         Forward Starting Swaps Other Liabilities   $ 44,050   $ —   $ 44,050   $ — Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Other Liabilities   70,655   70,655   —   — Total       $ 114,705   $ 70,655   $ 44,050   $ —                       Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests –                      Operating Partnership/Redeemable                         Limited Partners Mezzanine   $ 398,372   $ —   $ 398,372   $ — The following tables provide a summary of the effect of fair value hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively (amounts in thousands): December 31, 2013   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative       Income Statement Location of Hedged Item Gain/(Loss)   Amount of Gain/(Loss)Recognized in Income on Hedged Item Type of Fair Value Hedge       Hedged Item     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Interest Rate Swaps   Interest expense   $ (1,523 )   Fixed rate debt   Interest expense   $ 1,523 Total       $ (1,523 )           $ 1,523 December 31, 2012   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative       Income Statement Location of Hedged Item Gain/(Loss)   Amount of Gain/(Loss)Recognized in Income on Hedged Item Type of Fair Value Hedge       Hedged Item     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Interest Rate Swaps   Interest expense   $ (7,448 )   Fixed rate debt   Interest expense   $ 7,448 Total       $ (7,448 )           $ 7,448 F-49 Table of Contents December 31, 2011   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative       Income Statement Location of Hedged Item Gain/(Loss)   Amount of Gain/(Loss)Recognized in Income on Hedged Item Type of Fair Value Hedge       Hedged Item     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Interest Rate Swaps   Interest expense   $ (3,549 )   Fixed rate debt   Interest expense   $ 3,549 Total       $ (3,549 )           $ 3,549 The following tables provide a summary of the effect of cash flow hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively (amounts in thousands):     Effective Portion   Ineffective Portion December 31, 2013   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative   Location of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income Type of Cash Flow Hedge           Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Forward Starting Swaps/Treasury Locks   $ 18,771   Interest expense   $ (20,141 )   N/A   $ — Total   $ 18,771       $ (20,141 )       $ —     Effective Portion   Ineffective Portion December 31, 2012   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative   Location of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income Type of Cash Flow Hedge           Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Forward Starting Swaps/Treasury Locks   $ (11,772 )   Interest expense   $ (14,678 )   N/A   $ — Total   $ (11,772 )       $ (14,678 )       $ —     Effective Portion   Ineffective Portion December 31, 2011   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative   Location of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income   Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative   Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated  OCI into Income Type of Cash Flow Hedge           Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:                     Interest Rate Contracts:                     Forward Starting Swaps/Treasury Locks   $ (145,090 )   Interest expense   $ (4,343 )   Interest expense   $ (170 ) Development Interest Rate Swaps/Caps   1,322   Interest expense   —   N/A   — Total   $ (143,768 )       $ (4,343 )       $ (170 ) As of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , there were approximately  $155.8 million  and  $194.7 million  in deferred losses, net, included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss), respectively, related to derivative instruments. Based on the estimated fair values of the net derivative instruments at  December 31, 2013 , the Company may recognize an estimated  $21.8 million  of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) as additional interest expense during the year ending  December 31, 2014 .      In April 2013, the Company paid approximately  $44.7 million  to settle three forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of  $500.0 million  of ten-year fixed rate public notes. The accrued interest of  $0.7 million  was recorded as interest expense. The remaining amount of  $44.0 million  will be deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) and recognized as an increase to interest expense over the approximate term of the notes.  F-50 Table of Contents In December 2011, the Company paid approximately  $153.2 million  to settle various forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of  $1.0 billion  of ten-year fixed rate public notes.  The ineffective portion of  $0.2 million  and accrued interest of  $5.9 million  were recorded as interest expense.  The remaining amount of  $147.1 million  will be deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) and is recognized as an increase to interest expense over the approximate term of the notes. The following tables set forth the maturity, amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, book/fair value and interest and other income of the various investment securities held as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively (amounts in thousands):         Other Assets     December 31, 2013   Maturity   Amortized Cost   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Book/ Fair Value   Interest and Other Income Security             Available-for-Sale Investment Securities   N/A   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 2,122 Total       $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 2,122         Other Assets     December 31, 2012   Maturity   Amortized Cost   Unrealized Gains   Unrealized Losses   Book/ Fair Value   Interest and Other Income Security             Available-for-Sale Investment Securities   N/A   $ 675   $ 1,539   $ —   $ 2,214   $ — Total       $ 675   $ 1,539   $ —   $ 2,214   $ — During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company sold all of its investment securities, receiving proceeds of approximately  $2.8 million , and recorded a  $2.1 million  realized gain on sale (specific identification) which is included in interest and other income.  10. Earnings Per Share and Earnings Per Unit Equity Residential The following tables set forth the computation of net income per share – basic and net income per share – diluted for the Company (amounts in thousands except per share amounts): F-51 Table of Contents   Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012   2011 Numerator for net income per share – basic:           (Loss) income from continuing operations $ (168,174 )   $ 160,298   $ (72,941 ) Allocation to Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership, net 6,834   (6,417 )   3,880 Net loss (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties 538   (844 )   (832 ) Preferred distributions (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 ) Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares —   (5,152 )   — (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Common Shares, net of   Noncontrolling Interests (164,947 )   137,530   (83,758 ) Discontinued operations, net of Noncontrolling Interests 1,991,415   688,682   963,478 Numerator for net income per share – basic $ 1,826,468   $ 826,212   $ 879,720 Numerator for net income per share – diluted (1):           Income from continuing operations     $ 160,298   Net (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties     (844 )   Preferred distributions     (10,355 )   Premium on redemption of Preferred Shares     (5,152 )   Income from continuing operations available to Common Shares     143,947   Discontinued operations, net     720,906   Numerator for net income per share – diluted (1) $ 1,826,468   $ 864,853   $ 879,720 Denominator for net income per share – basic and diluted (1):           Denominator for net income per share – basic 354,305   302,701   294,856 Effect of dilutive securities:           OP Units     13,853   Long-term compensation shares/units     3,212   Denominator for net income per share – diluted (1) 354,305   319,766   294,856 Net income per share – basic $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98 Net income per share – diluted $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98 Net income per share – basic:           (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Common Shares, net of   Noncontrolling Interests $ (0.466 )   $ 0.454   $ (0.284 ) Discontinued operations, net of Noncontrolling Interests 5.621   2.275   3.268 Net income per share – basic $ 5.155   $ 2.729   $ 2.984 Net income per share – diluted (1):           (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Common Shares $ (0.466 )   $ 0.450   $ (0.284 ) Discontinued operations, net 5.621   2.255   3.268 Net income per share – diluted $ 5.155   $ 2.705   $ 2.984 Distributions declared per Common Share outstanding $ 1.85   $ 1.78   $ 1.58 (1) Potential common shares issuable from the assumed conversion of OP Units and the exercise/vesting of long-term compensation shares/units are automatically anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the Company had a loss from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011. For additional disclosures regarding the employee share options and restricted shares, see Notes 2 and 12. ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables set forth the computation of net income per Unit – basic and net income per Unit – diluted for the Operating Partnership (amounts in thousands except per Unit amounts): F-52 Table of Contents   Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012   2011 Numerator for net income per Unit – basic and diluted (1):           (Loss) income from continuing operations $ (168,174 )   $ 160,298   $ (72,941 ) Net loss (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests – Partially Owned Properties 538   (844 )   (832 ) Allocation to Preference Units (4,145 )   (10,355 )   (13,865 ) Allocation to premium on redemption of Preference Units —   (5,152 )   — (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Units (171,781 )   143,947   (87,638 ) Discontinued operations, net 2,073,527   720,906   1,008,138 Numerator for net income per Unit – basic and diluted (1) $ 1,901,746   $ 864,853   $ 920,500 Denominator for net income per Unit – basic and diluted (1):           Denominator for net income per Unit – basic 368,038   316,554   308,062 Effect of dilutive securities:           Dilution for Units issuable upon assumed exercise/vesting of the Company's     long-term compensation shares/units   3,212   Denominator for net income per Unit – diluted (1) 368,038   319,766   308,062 Net income per Unit – basic $ 5.16   $ 2.73   $ 2.98 Net income per Unit – diluted $ 5.16   $ 2.70   $ 2.98 Net income per Unit – basic:           (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Units $ (0.466 )   $ 0.454   $ (0.284 ) Discontinued operations, net 5.621   2.275   3.268 Net income per Unit – basic $ 5.155   $ 2.729   $ 2.984 Net income per Unit – diluted (1):           (Loss) income from continuing operations available to Units $ (0.466 )   $ 0.450   $ (0.284 ) Discontinued operations, net 5.621   2.255   3.268 Net income per Unit – diluted $ 5.155   $ 2.705   $ 2.984 Distributions declared per Unit outstanding $ 1.85   $ 1.78   $ 1.58 (1) Potential Units issuable from the assumed exercise/vesting of the Company's long-term compensation shares/units are automatically anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the diluted earnings per Unit calculation as the Operating Partnership had a loss from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011. For additional disclosures regarding the employee share options and restricted shares, see Notes 2 and 12. 11. Discontinued Operations The Company has presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods the results of operations for all consolidated assets disposed of and all properties held for sale, if any. The components of discontinued operations are outlined below and include the results of operations for the respective periods that the Company owned such assets during each of the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  (amounts in thousands). F-53 Table of Contents   Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012   2011 REVENUES           Rental income $ 121,942   $ 445,832   $ 560,399 Total revenues 121,942   445,832   560,399             EXPENSES (1)           Property and maintenance 36,792   103,371   160,315 Real estate taxes and insurance 11,903   41,208   50,173 Property management 1   211   266 Depreciation 34,380   124,323   157,441 General and administrative 85   92   55 Total expenses 83,161   269,205   368,250             Discontinued operating income 38,781   176,627   192,149             Interest and other income 217   156   198 Other expenses (3 )   (170 )   (421 ) Interest (2):           Expense incurred, net (1,296 )   (3,811 )   (9,268 ) Amortization of deferred financing costs (228 )   (140 )   (1,230 ) Income and other tax (expense) benefit (449 )   (34 )   221             Discontinued operations 37,022   172,628   181,649 Net gain on sales of discontinued operations 2,036,505   548,278   826,489             Discontinued operations, net $ 2,073,527   $ 720,906   $ 1,008,138 (1) Includes expenses paid in the current period for properties sold in prior periods related to the Company’s period of ownership. (2) Includes only interest expense specific to secured mortgage notes payable for properties sold. For the properties sold during  2013 , the investment in real estate, net of accumulated depreciation, and the mortgage notes payable balances at  December 31, 2012  were  $2.0 billion  and  $34.4 million , respectively. 12.   Share Incentive Plans Any Common Shares issued pursuant to EQR's incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2011 Plan.  The 2011 Plan reserved  12,980,741  Common Shares for issuance.  In conjunction with the approval of the 2011 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2002 Share Incentive Plan.  The 2011 Plan expires on June 16, 2021. As of December 31, 2013,  9,562,775  shares were available for future issuance.   Pursuant to the 2011 Plan, the 2002 Share Incentive Plan, as restated, and the Amended and Restated 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan, as amended (collectively the “Share Incentive Plans”), officers, trustees and key employees of the Company may be granted share options to acquire Common Shares (“Options”) including non-qualified share options (“NQSOs”), incentive share options (“ISOs”) and share appreciation rights (“SARs”), or may be granted restricted or non-restricted shares/units (including performance-based awards), subject to conditions and restrictions as described in the Share Incentive Plans. Options, SARs, restricted shares, performance shares and LTIP Units (see discussion below) are sometimes collectively referred to herein as “Awards”. The Options are generally granted at the fair market value of the Company’s Common Shares at the date of grant, vest in  three equal installments  over a  three -year period, are exercisable upon vesting and expire  ten  years from the date of grant (see additional valuation discussion in Note 2). The exercise price for all Options under the Share Incentive Plans is equal to the fair market value of the underlying Common Shares at the time the Option is granted. Options exercised result in new Common Shares being issued on the open market. The 2002 Share Incentive Plan, as amended, will terminate at such time as all outstanding Awards have expired or have been exercised/vested.  The Amended and Restated 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan, as amended, terminated in the first quarter of 2013 as all outstanding Awards have expired or have been exercised/vested.  The Board of Trustees  F-54 Table of Contents may at any time amend or terminate the Share Incentive Plans, but termination will not affect Awards previously granted. Any Options which had vested prior to such a termination would remain exercisable by the holder. Restricted shares are generally granted at the fair market value of the Company's Common Shares at the date of grant. Restricted shares that have been awarded through December 31, 2013 generally vest  three  years from the award date. In addition, the Company’s unvested restricted shareholders have the same voting rights as any other Common Share holder. During the  three -year period of restriction, the Company’s unvested restricted shareholders receive quarterly dividend payments on their shares at the same rate and on the same date as any other Common Share holder. As a result, dividends paid on unvested restricted shares are included as a component of retained earnings (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements) and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company’s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. If employment is terminated prior to the lapsing of the restriction, the shares are generally canceled. In December 2008, the Company’s then existing 2002 Share Incentive Plan was amended to allow for the issuance of long-term incentive plan units (“LTIP Units”) to officers of the Company as an alternative to the Company’s restricted shares.  The 2011 Plan also allows for the issuance of LTIP Units. LTIP Units are a class of partnership interests that under certain conditions, including vesting, are convertible by the holder into an equal number of OP Units, which are redeemable by the holder for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or the cash value of such shares at the option of the Company.  In connection with the grant of long-term incentive compensation for services provided during a year, officers of the Company are allowed to choose, on a one-for-one basis, between restricted shares and LTIP Units.  In January 2011, certain holders of restricted shares converted these shares into LTIP Units.  Similar to restricted shares, LTIP Units are generally granted at the fair market value of the Company's Common Shares at the date of grant and generally vest  three  years from the award date. In addition, LTIP Unit holders receive quarterly dividend payments on their LTIP Units at the same rate and on the same date as any other OP Unit holder. As a result, dividends paid on LTIP Units are included as a component of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Limited Partners' capital and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company’s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. If employment is terminated prior to vesting, the LTIP Units are generally canceled. An LTIP Unit will automatically convert to an OP Unit when the capital account of each LTIP Unit increases (“books-up”) to a specified target. If the capital target is not attained within  ten  years following the date of issuance, the LTIP Unit will automatically be canceled and no compensation will be payable to the holder of such canceled LTIP Unit. All Trustees, with the exception of the Company's non-executive Chairman and employee Trustees, are granted options and restricted shares that vest  one -year from the grant date that corresponds to the term for which he or she has been elected to serve.  The non-executive Chairman's grants vest over the same term or period as all other employees. The Company's Share Incentive Plans provide for certain benefits upon retirement.   For employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, retirement generally means the termination of employment (other than for cause): (i) on or after age 62; or (ii) prior to age 62 after meeting the requirements of the Rule of 70 (described below). For employees hired after January 1, 2009, retirement generally means the termination of employment (other than for cause) after meeting the requirements of the Rule of 70.  For Trustees, retirement generally means termination of service on the Board (other than for cause) on or after age 72. The Rule of 70 is met when an employee’s years of service with the Company (which must be at least 15 years) plus his or her age (which must be at least 55 years) on the date of termination equals or exceeds 70 years. In addition, the employee must give the Company at least 6 months’ advance written notice of his or her intention to retire and sign a release upon termination of employment, releasing the Company from customary claims and agreeing to ongoing non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions. Under the Company's definitions of retirement, several of its executive officers, including its Chief Executive Officer, and its non-executive Chairman, are retirement eligible.   For employees hired prior to January 1, 2009 who retire at or after age 62 or for Trustees who retire at or after age 72, such employee’s or Trustee's unvested restricted shares, LTIP Units and share options would immediately vest, and share options would continue to be exercisable for the balance of the applicable ten-year option period, as is provided under the Share Incentive Plans. For all other employees (those hired after January 1, 2009 and those hired before such date who choose to retire prior to age 62), upon such retirement under the Rule of 70 definition of retirement of employees, such employee’s unvested restricted shares, LTIP Units and share options would continue to vest per the original vesting schedule (subject to immediate vesting upon the occurrence of a subsequent change in control of the Company or the employee’s death), and options would continue to be exercisable for the balance of the applicable ten-year option period, subject to the employee’s compliance with the non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions. If an employee violates these provisions after such retirement, all unvested restricted shares, unvested LTIP Units and unvested and vested share options at the time of the violation would be void, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Trustees. The following tables summarize compensation information regarding the restricted shares, LTIP Units, share options and  F-55 Table of Contents Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) for the three years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  (amounts in thousands):   Year Ended December 31, 2013   Compensation Expense   Compensation Capitalized   Compensation Equity   Dividends Incurred Restricted shares $ 12,185   $ 1,079   $ 13,264   $ 967 LTIP Units 13,108   501   13,609   520 Share options 9,569   945   10,514   — ESPP discount 612   20   632   — Total $ 35,474   $ 2,545   $ 38,019   $ 1,487   Year Ended December 31, 2012   Compensation Expense   Compensation Capitalized   Compensation Equity   Dividends Incurred Restricted shares $ 8,014   $ 922   $ 8,936   $ 949 LTIP Units 5,004   303   5,307   234 Share options 10,970   782   11,752   — ESPP discount 844   121   965   — Total $ 24,832   $ 2,128   $ 26,960   $ 1,183   Year Ended December 31, 2011   Compensation Expense   Compensation Capitalized   Compensation Equity   Dividends Incurred Restricted shares $ 8,041   $ 1,061   $ 9,102   $ 1,121 LTIP Units 3,344   297   3,641   199 Share options 8,711   834   9,545   — ESPP discount 1,081   113   1,194   — Total $ 21,177   $ 2,305   $ 23,482   $ 1,320 Compensation expense is generally recognized for Awards as follows: • Restricted shares, LTIP Units and share options – Straight-line method over the vesting period of the options or shares regardless of cliff or ratable vesting distinctions. • ESPP discount – Immediately upon the purchase of common shares each quarter. The Company accelerates the recognition of compensation expense for all Awards for those individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above. The total compensation expense related to Awards not yet vested at  December 31, 2013  is  $16.5 million  (excluding the accelerated expenses for individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average term of  1.45  years. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the Company’s share-based compensation. The table below summarizes the Award activity of the Share Incentive Plans for the three years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 : F-56 Table of Contents   Common Shares Subject to Options   Weighted Average Exercise Price per Option   Restricted Shares   Weighted Average Fair Value per Restricted Share   LTIP Units   Weighted Average Fair Value per LTIP Unit Balance at December 31, 2010 10,106,488   $33.00   911,950   $32.05   247,508   $25.62 Awards granted (1) 1,491,311   $53.70   170,588   $53.99   223,452   $46.64 Awards exercised/vested (2) (3) (4) (2,945,950 )   $32.27   (258,068 )   $38.32   (101,988 )   $38.57 Awards forfeited (41,559 )   $35.14   (126,960 )   $37.19   (1,352 )   $27.79 Awards expired (16,270 )   $44.13   —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2011 8,594,020   $36.81   697,510   $34.17   367,620   $34.80 Awards granted (1) 1,164,484   $60.22   140,980   $60.20   70,235   $57.24 Awards exercised/vested (2) (3) (4) (1,608,425 )   $30.87   (300,809 )   $23.79   (152,821 )   $21.11 Awards forfeited (23,795 )   $51.55   (12,728 )   $46.25   —   — Awards expired (11,029 )   $35.53   —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2012 8,115,255   $41.31   524,953   $46.81   285,034   $48.41 Awards granted (1) 1,006,444   $55.07   246,731   $55.37   281,931   $52.73 Awards exercised/vested (2) (3) (4) (586,017 )   $29.34   (253,816 )   $36.81   (93,335 )   $32.97 Awards forfeited (47,819 )   $56.16   (17,634 )   $55.74   (2,374 )   $56.72 Awards expired (17,331 )   $47.51   —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2013 8,470,532   $43.67   500,234   $55.79   471,256   $55.67 (1) The weighted average grant date fair value for Options granted during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  was  $7.97  per share,  $8.55  per share and  $8.18  per share, respectively. (2) The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  was  $16.7 million ,  $46.7 million  and  $74.8 million , respectively. These values were calculated as the difference between the strike price of the underlying awards and the per share price at which each respective award was exercised. (3) The fair value of restricted shares vested during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  was  $13.9 million ,  $18.0 million   and  $14.0 million , respectively. (4) The fair value of LTIP Units vested during the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and 2011 was  $5.1 million ,   $9.1 million  and  $5.5 million , respectively. The following table summarizes information regarding options outstanding and exercisable at  December 31, 2013 :     Options Outstanding (1)   Options Exercisable (2) Range of Exercise Prices   Options   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Options   Weighted Average Exercise Price $18.70 to $24.93   1,235,980   5.08   $23.07   1,235,980   $23.07 $24.94 to $31.16   386,723   0.08   $29.25   386,723   $29.25 $31.17 to $37.39   1,332,280   4.58   $32.61   1,332,280   $32.61 $37.40 to $43.62   1,347,487   3.20   $40.46   1,347,487   $40.46 $43.63 to $49.86   61,187   6.55   $48.41   23,059   $48.06 $49.87 to $56.09   2,774,770   6.99   $53.91   1,226,038   $53.64 $56.10 to $62.32   1,332,105   8.20   $59.76   494,922   $59.98 $18.70 to $62.32   8,470,532   5.60   $43.67   6,046,489   $38.76 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2013   8,293,422   5.55   $43.42         (1) The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding that are vested and expected to vest as of  December 31, 2013  is  $85.6 million . (2) The aggregate intrinsic value and weighted average remaining contractual life in years of options exercisable as of  December 31, 2013  is  $85.5 million  and  4.5  years, respectively. Note: The aggregate intrinsic values in Notes (1) and (2) above were both calculated as the excess, if any, between the Company’s closing share price of  $51.87  per share on  December 31, 2013  and the strike price of the underlying awards. F-57 Table of Contents As of  December 31, 2012  and  2011 ,  5,385,907  Options (with a weighted average exercise price of  $35.40 ) and  5,415,550  Options (with a weighted average exercise price of  $34.64 ) were exercisable, respectively. 13. Employee Plans The Company established an Employee Share Purchase Plan to provide each employee and trustee the ability to annually acquire up to $ 100,000  of Common Shares of EQR. In 2003, EQR's shareholders approved an increase in the aggregate number of Common Shares available under the ESPP to  7,000,000  (from  2,000,000 ). The Company has  3,107,341  Common Shares available for purchase under the ESPP at  December 31, 2013 . The Common Shares may be purchased quarterly at a price equal to  85%  of the lesser of: (a) the closing price for a share on the last day of such quarter; and (b) the greater of: (i) the closing price for a share on the first day of such quarter, and (ii) the average closing price for a share for all the business days in the quarter. The following table summarizes information regarding the Common Shares issued under the ESPP (the net proceeds noted below were contributed to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units):   Year Ended December 31,   2013   2012   2011   (Amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) Shares issued 73,468   110,054   113,107 Issuance price ranges $44.26 – $48.17   $46.33 – $51.78   $44.04 – $51.19 Issuance proceeds $3,401   $5,399   $5,262 The Company established a defined contribution plan (the “401(k) Plan”) to provide retirement benefits for employees that meet minimum employment criteria. The Company matches dollar for dollar up to the first  3%  of eligible compensation that a participant contributes to the 401(k) Plan. Participants are vested in the Company’s contributions over  five  years. The Company recognized an expense in the amount of  $4.2 million ,  $4.4 million  and  $3.7 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively. The Company established a supplemental executive retirement plan (the “SERP”) to provide certain officers and trustees an opportunity to defer a portion of their eligible compensation in order to save for retirement. The SERP is restricted to investments in Common Shares, certain marketable securities that have been specifically approved and cash equivalents. The deferred compensation liability represented in the SERP and the securities issued to fund such deferred compensation liability are consolidated by the Company and carried on the Company’s balance sheet, and the Company’s Common Shares held in the SERP are accounted for as a reduction to paid in capital (included in general partner's capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements). 14. Distribution Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan On  December 16, 2008 , the Company filed with the SEC a Form S-3 Registration Statement to register  5,000,000   Common Shares pursuant to a Distribution Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan (the "DRIP Plan"). The registration statement was automatically declared effective the same day and was to expire at the earlier of the date on which all  5,000,000  shares had been issued or December 16, 2011.  On  November 18, 2011 , the Company filed with the SEC a Form S-3 Registration Statement to register  4,850,000  Common Shares under the DRIP Plan, which included the remaining shares available for issuance under the 2008 registration, which terminated as of such date.  The registration statement was automatically declared effective the same day and expires at the earlier of the date on which all  4,850,000  shares have been issued or November 18, 2014.  The Company has  4,814,608  Common Shares available for issuance under the DRIP Plan at  December 31, 2013 .  The DRIP Plan provides holders of record and beneficial owners of Common Shares and Preferred Shares with a simple and convenient method of investing cash distributions in additional Common Shares (which is referred to herein as the “Dividend Reinvestment – DRIP Plan”). Common Shares may also be purchased on a monthly basis with optional cash payments made by participants in the DRIP Plan and interested new investors, not currently shareholders of EQR, at the market price of the Common Shares less a discount ranging between  0%  and  5% , as determined in accordance with the DRIP Plan (which is referred to herein as the “Share Purchase – DRIP Plan”). Common Shares purchased under the DRIP Plan may, at the option of EQR, be directly issued by EQR or purchased by EQR's transfer agent in the open market using participants’ funds.  The net proceeds from any Common Share issuances are contributed to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units. 15.  Transactions with Related Parties Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement for the Operating Partnership, ERPOP is required to reimburse EQR  F-58 Table of Contents for all expenses incurred by EQR in excess of income earned by EQR through its indirect  1%  ownership of various entities.  Amounts paid on behalf of EQR are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income as general and administrative expenses. The Company leases its corporate headquarters from an entity controlled by EQR’s Chairman of the Board of Trustees. The lease terminates on  January 31, 2022 . Amounts incurred for such office space for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively, were approximately  $1.7 million ,  $1.3 million  and  $2.2 million . The Company believes these amounts equal market rates for such rental space. 16. Commitments and Contingencies The Company, as an owner of real estate, is subject to various Federal, state and local environmental laws. Compliance by the Company with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on the Company. However, the Company cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on its current properties or on properties that it may acquire in the future. The Company is party to a housing discrimination lawsuit brought by a non-profit civil rights organization in April 2006 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland.  The suit alleges that the Company designed and built approximately  300  of its properties in violation of the accessibility requirements of the Fair Housing Act and Americans With Disabilities Act.  The suit seeks actual and punitive damages, injunctive relief (including modification of non-compliant properties), costs and attorneys' fees.  The Company believes it has a number of viable defenses, including that a majority of the named properties were completed before the operative dates of the statutes in question and/or were not designed or built by the Company.  Accordingly, the Company is defending the suit vigorously.  Due to the pendency of the Company's defenses and the uncertainty of many other critical factual and legal issues, it is not possible to determine or predict the outcome of the suit or a possible loss or a range of loss, and no amounts have been accrued at  December 31, 2013 . While no assurances can be given, the Company does not believe that the suit, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company does not believe there is any other litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company has  14  consolidated projects (including 400 Park Avenue South in New York City which the Company is jointly developing with Toll Brothers that is discussed below and Park Aire in which the Company acquired a  95%  interest in connection with the Archstone Transaction that is discussed in Note 6) totaling  4,017  apartment units in various stages of development with commitments to fund of approximately  $768.1 million  and estimated completion dates ranging through  June 30, 2016 , as well as other completed development projects that are in various stages of lease up or are stabilized. Some of the projects are being developed solely by the Company, while others are being co-developed with various third party development partners.  The development venture agreements with these partners are primarily deal-specific, with differing terms regarding profit-sharing, equity contributions, returns on investment, buy-sell agreements and other customary provisions.  The Company is the "general" or "managing" partner of the development ventures. As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company has  one  unconsolidated project totaling  176  apartment units under development with an estimated completion date of  December 31, 2014 , as well as  three  completed development projects that are currently in lease up. These projects are all being co-developed with various third party development partners. The development venture agreements with these partners are primarily deal-specific, with differing terms regarding profit-sharing, equity contributions, returns on investment, buy-sell agreements and other customary provisions. The Company currently has no further funding obligations for Domain, Nexus Sawgrass and San Norterra.  While the Company is the managing member of the Domain and Nexus Sawgrass joint ventures, was responsible for constructing both projects and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees, the joint venture partner has significant participating rights and has active involvement in and oversight of the ongoing projects. The Domain and Nexus Sawgrass buy-sell arrangements contain provisions that provide the right, but not the obligation, for the Company to acquire the partner’s interests or sell its interests at any time following the occurrence of certain pre-defined events (including at stabilization) described in the development venture agreements.  The respective partner for San Norterra and Parkside at Emeryville is the “general” or “managing” partner of the development venture and the Company does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights. The Company has given a repayment guaranty on the construction loan for Parkside at Emeryville of  50%  of the outstanding balance, up to a maximum of  $19.7 million , and has given certain construction cost overrun guarantees.       In December 2011, the Company and Toll Brothers (NYSE: TOL) jointly acquired a vacant land parcel at 400 Park Avenue South in New York City.  The Company's and Toll Brothers' allocated portions of the purchase price were approximately  $76.1 million  and  $57.9 million , respectively.  The Company is the managing member and Toll Brothers does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  Until the core and shell of the building is complete, the building and land will be owned jointly  F-59 Table of Contents and are required to be consolidated on the Company's balance sheet.  Thereafter, the Company will solely own and control the rental portion of the building (floors 2-22) and Toll Brothers will solely own and control the for sale portion of the building (floors 23-40).  Once the core and shell are complete, the Toll Brothers' portion of the property will be deconsolidated from the Company's balance sheet. The acquisition was financed through contributions by the Company and Toll Brothers of approximately  $102.5 million  and  $75.7 million , respectively, which included the land purchase noted above, restricted deposits and taxes and fees.  As of  December 31, 2013 , the Company's and Toll Brothers' consolidated contributions to the joint venture were approximately   $292.6 million , of which Toll Brothers' noncontrolling interest balance totaled  $111.7 million . During the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , total operating lease payments expensed for office space, including a portion of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and utilities, and including rent due under  13  ground leases, aggregated  $13.2 million ,  $8.1 million  and  $7.1 million , respectively. The Company has entered into a retirement benefits agreement with its Chairman of the Board of Trustees and deferred compensation agreements with its Vice Chairman and two former chief executive officers (one of which was fully paid out in January 2013). During the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , the Company recognized compensation expense of  $0.5 million ,  $1.0 million  and  $1.0 million , respectively, related to these agreements.  The following table summarizes the Company’s contractual obligations for minimum rent payments under operating leases and deferred compensation for the next five years and thereafter as of  December 31, 2013 : Payments Due by Year (in thousands)     2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   Thereafter   Total Operating Leases:                             Minimum Rent Payments (a)   $ 14,518   $ 14,935   $ 15,084   $ 14,961   $ 14,830   $ 869,687   $ 944,015 Other Long-Term Liabilities:                             Deferred Compensation (b)   1,378   1,705   1,705   1,705   1,705   5,596   13,794 (a) Minimum basic rent due for various office space the Company leases and fixed base rent due on ground leases for  14  properties/parcels. (b) Estimated payments to the Company's Chairman, Vice Chairman and one former CEO based on actual and planned retirement dates. 17. Reportable Segments Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenues and incur expenses and about which discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker decides how resources are allocated and assesses performance on a recurring basis at least quarterly. The Company’s primary business is the acquisition, development and management of multifamily residential properties, which includes the generation of rental and other related income through the leasing of apartment units to residents. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the Company's operating performance geographically by market and both on a same store and non-same store basis.  The Company’s operating segments located in its core markets represent its reportable segments (with the aggregation of Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego into the Southern California reportable segment). The Company's operating segments located in its non-core markets that are not material have also been aggregated in the tables presented below. The Company’s fee and asset management and development (including its partially owned properties) activities are other business activities that do not constitute an operating segment and as such, have been aggregated in the "Other" category in the tables presented below.   All revenues are from external customers and there is no customer who contributed 10% or more of the Company’s total revenues during the three years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  or  2011 . The primary financial measure for the Company’s rental real estate segment is net operating income (“NOI”), which represents rental income less: 1) property and maintenance expense; 2) real estate taxes and insurance expense; and 3) property management expense (all as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company’s apartment communities. Current year NOI is compared to prior year NOI and current year budgeted NOI as a measure of financial performance. The following tables present NOI for each segment from our rental real estate specific to continuing operations for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively, as well as total assets and capital expenditures at  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively (amounts in thousands): F-60 Table of Contents     Year Ended December 31, 2013   Year Ended December 31, 2012   Year Ended December 31, 2011     Rental Income   Operating Expenses   NOI   Rental Income   Operating Expenses   NOI   Rental Income   Operating Expenses   NOI Same store (1)                                       Boston   $ 175,031   $ 57,261   $ 117,770   $ 168,063   $ 54,888   $ 113,175   $ 142,514   $ 49,317   $ 93,197   Denver   100,425   30,028   70,397   93,571   28,204   65,367   99,681   32,564   67,117   New York   286,345   114,587   171,758   274,683   109,667   165,016   254,441   104,492   149,949   San Francisco   173,011   59,104   113,907   159,535   57,373   102,162   126,951   43,627   83,324   Seattle   129,283   43,718   85,565   122,267   41,041   81,226   122,494   45,275   77,219   South Florida   185,361   69,891   115,470   177,675   67,811   109,864   174,417   66,838   107,579   Southern California   333,917   107,346   226,571   320,749   103,925   216,824   299,508   98,907   200,601   Washington DC   253,056   76,033   177,023   247,880   75,580   172,300   240,755   75,492   165,263   Non-core   132,851   49,275   83,576   128,816   48,548   80,268   310,688   122,159   188,529 Total same store   1,769,280   607,243   1,162,037   1,693,239   587,037   1,106,202   1,771,449   638,671   1,132,778                                       Non-same store/other (2) (3)                                   Boston   61,139   18,238   42,901   —   —   —   8,115   2,361   5,754   Denver   2,805   744   2,061   1,325   429   896   —   1   (1 )   New York   136,182   43,055   93,127   14,611   5,988   8,623   6,794   366   6,428   San Francisco   119,749   42,851   76,898   7,268   3,022   4,246   3,889   1,796   2,093   Seattle   19,462   6,284   13,178   4,747   1,510   3,237   6,012   2,149   3,863   South Florida   2,653   1,031   1,622   —   —   —   14,488   5,165   9,323   Southern California   74,123   31,599   42,524   3,040   1,179   1,861   30,539   12,144   18,395   Washington DC   179,077   58,759   120,318   13,124   3,984   9,140   36,657   11,373   25,284   Other (3)   13,534   17,998   (4,464 )   575   17,666   (17,091 )   (3,477 )   7,326   (10,803 )   Properties sold in 2013 (4) —   —   —   —   —   —   (358,272 )   (116,699 )   (241,573 ) Total non-same store/other 608,724   220,559   388,165   44,690   33,778   10,912   (255,255 )   (74,018 )   (181,237 ) Total   $ 2,378,004   $ 827,802   $ 1,550,202   $ 1,737,929   $ 620,815   $ 1,117,114   $ 1,516,194   $ 564,653   $ 951,541 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to January 1,  2012 , less properties subsequently sold, which represented  80,247  apartment units. For the year ended  December 31, 2011, same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to January 1, 2011, less properties subsequently sold, which represented  98,577  apartment units. (2) For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1,  2012 , plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1,  2012  .  For the year ended December 31, 2011, non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1, 2011, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2011.  (3) Other includes development and other corporate operations.  (4) Reflects discontinued operations for properties sold during 2013.      F-61 Table of Contents     Year Ended December 31, 2013   Year Ended December 31, 2012     Total Assets   Capital Expenditures   Total Assets   Capital Expenditures Same store (1)                   Boston   $ 1,087,370   $ 15,630   $ 1,133,098   $ 22,592   Denver   520,999   5,330   542,243   4,593   New York   2,678,546   8,982   2,742,346   12,437   San Francisco   968,840   11,767   999,267   18,010   Seattle   835,584   6,398   865,068   6,892   South Florida   1,157,283   14,550   1,193,506   17,338   Southern California   2,177,336   16,580   2,250,301   17,747   Washington DC   1,873,897   10,069   1,941,446   15,426   Non-core   645,418   5,186   674,360   6,989 Total same store   11,945,273   94,492   12,341,635   122,024                 Non-same store/other (2) (3)                   Boston   946,747   2,097   —   —   Denver   20,481   54   20,974   5   New York   2,092,454   3,024   406,013   142   San Francisco   1,824,550   9,989   178,339   1,176   Seattle   312,240   1,598   90,205   67   South Florida   50,414   300   —   —   Southern California   1,078,038   3,975   70,389   141   Washington DC   2,664,702   14,877   276,901   1,062   Other (3)   1,899,646   5,410   3,816,544   28,211 Total non-same store/other   10,889,272   41,324   4,859,365   30,804 Total   $ 22,834,545   $ 135,816   $ 17,201,000   $ 152,828 (1) Same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed and stabilized prior to January 1,  2012 , less properties subsequently sold, which represented  80,247  apartment units. (2) Non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1,  2012 , plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1,  2012 . (3) Other includes development and other corporate operations.  Note: Markets/Metro Areas included in the above Southern California and Non-core segments are as follows: (a) Southern California – Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego. (b) Non-core – Inland Empire, CA, New England (excluding Boston), Orlando and Phoenix. The following table presents a reconciliation of NOI from our rental real estate specific to continuing operations for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , respectively (amounts in thousands):          Year Ended December 31,     2013   2012   2011 Rental income   $ 2,378,004   $ 1,737,929   $ 1,516,194 Property and maintenance expense   (449,461 )   (332,190 )   (304,380 ) Real estate taxes and insurance expense   (293,999 )   (206,723 )   (178,406 ) Property management expense   (84,342 )   (81,902 )   (81,867 ) Total operating expenses   (827,802 )   (620,815 )   (564,653 ) Net operating income   $ 1,550,202   $ 1,117,114   $ 951,541 F-62 Table of Contents 18. Subsequent Events/Other Subsequent Events Subsequent to  December 31, 2013 , the Company: • Acquired  one  property consisting of  430  apartments units for  $143.0 million . Other During the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011 , the Company incurred charges of  $0.3 million ,  $7.0 million  and  $7.7 million , respectively, related to property acquisition costs, such as survey, title and legal fees, on the acquisition of operating properties (excluding the Archstone Transaction) and  $5.2 million ,  $9.0 million  and  $5.1 million , respectively, related to the write-off of various pursuit and out-of-pocket costs for terminated acquisition, disposition and development transactions. These costs, totaling  $5.5 million ,  $16.0 million  and  $12.8 million , respectively, are included in other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. See Note 4 for details on the property acquisition costs related to the Archstone Transaction. During the year ended  December 31, 2012 , the Company settled a dispute with the owners of a land parcel for  $4.2 million , which is included in other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.      In June 2012, the Company received  $150.0 million  in Archstone-related termination fees subject to certain contingencies. Consistent with the resolution of these contingencies, the Company recognized  $70.0 million  of these fees as interest and other income in July 2012 and recognized the remaining  $80.0 million  as interest and other income in October 2012. During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company sold a technology investment it had previously written off, receiving proceeds of   $2.1 million  that were recorded as a realized gain on sale. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company received  $4.5 million  for the termination of its royalty participation in LRO/Rainmaker, a revenue management system. In addition, during 2011, the Company received  $0.8 million  for the settlement of various litigation/insurance claims. All of the above amounts are included in interest and other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company disposed of its corporate housing business for a sales price of approximately  $4.0 million , of which the Company provided  $2.0 million  of seller financing to the buyer.  At the time of sale, the full amount of the seller financing was reserved against and the related gain was deferred.  During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company collected  $1.5 million , which represented its final reimbursement of the  $2.0 million  of seller financing.  During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company collected  $0.3 million  and  $0.2 million , respectively, on the note receivable.  The Company has recognized a cumulative net gain on the sale of approximately  $2.9 million . 19.  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Equity Residential The following unaudited quarterly data has been prepared on the basis of a December 31 year-end. All amounts have also been restated in accordance with the guidance on discontinued operations and reflect dispositions and/or properties held for sale through  December 31, 2013 . Amounts are in thousands, except for per share amounts. F-63 Table of Contents     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2013   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues (1)   $ 504,722   $ 617,217   $ 626,629   $ 639,134 Operating income (1)   104,246   63,977   120,396   223,669 (Loss) income from continuing operations (1)   (165,339 )   (58,511 )   (13,465 )   69,141 Discontinued operations, net (1)   1,226,373   395,243   405,182   46,729 Net income *   1,061,034   336,732   391,717   115,870 Net income available to Common Shares   1,016,650   323,723   376,155   109,940 Earnings per share – basic:                 Net income available to Common Shares   $ 3.01   $ 0.90   $ 1.05   $ 0.31 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   337,532   359,653   359,811   359,919 Earnings per share – diluted:                 Net income available to Common Shares   $ 3.01   $ 0.90   $ 1.05   $ 0.30 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   337,532   359,653   359,811   375,860 (1) The amounts presented for the first three quarters of  2013  are not equal to the same amounts previously reported in the respective Form 10-Q’s filed with the SEC for each period as a result of changes in discontinued operations due to additional property sales which occurred throughout  2013 . Below is a reconciliation to the amounts previously reported:     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter 2013   3/31   6/30   9/30 Total revenues previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 539,162   $ 635,078   $ 629,446 Total revenues subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (34,440 )   (17,861 )   (2,817 ) Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 504,722   $ 617,217   $ 626,629               Operating income previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 117,529   $ 71,033   $ 121,394 Operating income subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (13,283 )   (7,056 )   (998 ) Operating income disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 104,246   $ 63,977   $ 120,396               (Loss) from continuing operations previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ (153,352 )   $ (51,455 )   $ (12,467 ) (Loss) from continuing operations subsequently reclassified to discontinued    operations   (11,987 )   (7,056 )   (998 ) (Loss) from continuing operations disclosed in Form 10-K   $ (165,339 )   $ (58,511 )   $ (13,465 )               Discontinued operations, net previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 1,214,386   $ 388,187   $ 404,184 Discontinued operations, net from properties sold subsequent to the respective    reporting period   11,987   7,056   998 Discontinued operations, net disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 1,226,373   $ 395,243   $ 405,182 F-64 Table of Contents     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2012   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues (2)   $ 414,037   $ 431,910   $ 449,072   $ 452,483 Operating income (2)   102,110   121,745   142,020   148,247 (Loss) income from continuing operations (2)   (25,394 )   (6,340 )   91,269   100,763 Discontinued operations, net (2)   177,561   114,655   145,054   283,636 Net income *   152,167   108,315   236,323   384,399 Net income available to Common Shares   141,833   99,797   218,603   365,979 Earnings per share – basic:                 Net income available to Common Shares   $ 0.47   $ 0.33   $ 0.73   $ 1.18 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   298,805   300,193   301,336   310,398 Earnings per share – diluted:                 Net income available to Common Shares   $ 0.47   $ 0.33   $ 0.72   $ 1.17 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding   298,805   300,193   318,773   327,108 (2) The amounts presented for the four quarters of  2012  are not equal to the same amounts previously reported in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2013 (for the first and fourth quarters of 2012), the second quarter 2013 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8, 2013 (for the second quarter of 2012) and the third quarter 2013 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2013 (for the third quarter of 2012) as a result of changes in discontinued operations due to additional property sales which occurred throughout  2013 . Below is a reconciliation to the amounts previously reported:     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth  Quarter 2012   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues previously reported in June 2013 Form 8-K/Form 10-Q   $ 446,448   $ 448,351   $ 451,699   $ 485,868 Total revenues subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (32,411 )   (16,441 )   (2,627 )   (33,385 ) Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 414,037   $ 431,910   $ 449,072   $ 452,483                   Operating income previously reported in June 2013 Form 8-K/Form     10-Q   $ 114,476   $ 128,560   $ 142,932   $ 162,109 Operating income subsequently reclassified to discontinued    operations   (12,366 )   (6,815 )   (912 )   (13,862 ) Operating income disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 102,110   $ 121,745   $ 142,020   $ 148,247                   (Loss) income from continuing operations previously reported in      June 2013 Form 8-K/Form 10-Q   $ (13,426 )   $ 474   $ 92,181   $ 114,239 Income from continuing operations subsequently reclassified to     discontinued operations   (11,968 )   (6,814 )   (912 )   (13,476 ) (Loss) income from continuing operations disclosed in Form 10-K   $ (25,394 )   $ (6,340 )   $ 91,269   $ 100,763                   Discontinued operations, net previously reported in June 2013     Form 8-K/Form 10-Q   $ 165,593   $ 107,841   $ 144,142   $ 270,160 Discontinued operations, net from properties sold subsequent to the     respective reporting period   11,968   6,814   912   13,476 Discontinued operations, net disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 177,561   $ 114,655   $ 145,054   $ 283,636 * The Company did not have any extraordinary items or cumulative effect of change in accounting principle during the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 . Therefore, income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is not shown as it was equal to the net income amounts disclosed above. ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following unaudited quarterly data has been prepared on the basis of a December 31 year-end.  All amounts have also been restated in accordance with the guidance on discontinued operations and reflect dispositions and/or properties held for sale through  December 31, 2013 .  Amounts are in thousands, except for per Unit amounts. F-65 Table of Contents     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2013   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues (1)   $ 504,722   $ 617,217   $ 626,629   $ 639,134 Operating income (1)   104,246   63,977   120,396   223,669 (Loss) income from continuing operations (1)   (165,339 )   (58,511 )   (13,465 )   69,141 Discontinued operations, net (1)   1,226,373   395,243   405,182   46,729 Net income *   1,061,034   336,732   391,717   115,870 Net income available to Units   1,059,973   336,511   390,991   114,271 Earnings per Unit – basic:                 Net income available to Units   $ 3.01   $ 0.90   $ 1.05   $ 0.31 Weighted average Units outstanding   351,255   373,403   373,547   373,643 Earnings per Unit – diluted:                 Net income available to Units   $ 3.01   $ 0.90   $ 1.05   $ 0.30 Weighted average Units outstanding   351,255   373,403   373,547   375,860 (1) The amounts presented for the first three quarters of  2013  are not equal to the same amounts previously reported in the respective Form 10-Q’s filed with the SEC for each period as a result of changes in discontinued operations due to additional property sales which occurred throughout  2013 . Below is a reconciliation to the amounts previously reported:     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter 2013   3/31   6/30   9/30 Total revenues previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 539,162   $ 635,078   $ 629,446 Total revenues subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (34,440 )   (17,861 )   (2,817 ) Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 504,722   $ 617,217   $ 626,629               Operating income previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 117,529   $ 71,033   $ 121,394 Operating income subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (13,283 )   (7,056 )   (998 ) Operating income disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 104,246   $ 63,977   $ 120,396               (Loss) from continuing operations previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ (153,352 )   $ (51,455 )   $ (12,467 ) (Loss) from continuing operations subsequently reclassified to discontinued    operations   (11,987 )   (7,056 )   (998 ) (Loss) from continuing operations disclosed in Form 10-K   $ (165,339 )   $ (58,511 )   $ (13,465 )               Discontinued operations, net previously reported in Form 10-Q   $ 1,214,386   $ 388,187   $ 404,184 Discontinued operations, net from properties sold subsequent to the respective    reporting period   11,987   7,056   998 Discontinued operations, net disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 1,226,373   $ 395,243   $ 405,182 F-66 Table of Contents     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2012   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues (2)   $ 414,037   $ 431,910   $ 449,072   $ 452,483 Operating income (2)   102,110   121,745   142,020   148,247 (Loss) income from continuing operations (2)   (25,394 )   (6,340 )   91,269   100,763 Discontinued operations, net (2)   177,561   114,655   145,054   283,636 Net income *   152,167   108,315   236,323   384,399 Net income available to Units   148,251   104,529   229,099   382,974 Earnings per Unit – basic:                 Net income available to Units   $ 0.47   $ 0.33   $ 0.73   $ 1.18 Weighted average Units outstanding   312,011   314,255   315,513   324,364 Earnings per Unit – diluted:                 Net income available to Units   $ 0.47   $ 0.33   $ 0.72   $ 1.17 Weighted average Units outstanding   312,011   314,255   318,773   327,108 (2) The amounts presented for the four quarters of  2012  are not equal to the same amounts previously reported in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2013 (for the first and fourth quarters of 2012), the second quarter 2013 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8, 2013 (for the second quarter of 2012) and the third quarter 2013 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2013 (for the third quarter of 2012) as a result of changes in discontinued operations due to additional property sales which occurred throughout  2013 . Below is a reconciliation to the amounts previously reported:     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2012   3/31   6/30   9/30   12/31 Total revenues previously reported in June 2013 Form 8-K/Form     10-Q   $ 446,448   $ 448,351   $ 451,699   $ 485,868 Total revenues subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations   (32,411 )   (16,441 )   (2,627 )   (33,385 ) Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 414,037   $ 431,910   $ 449,072   $ 452,483                   Operating income previously reported in June 2013 Form 8-K/Form     10-Q   $ 114,476   $ 128,560   $ 142,932   $ 162,109 Operating income subsequently reclassified to discontinued    operations   (12,366 )   (6,815 )   (912 )   (13,862 ) Operating income disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 102,110   $ 121,745   $ 142,020   $ 148,247                   (Loss) income from continuing operations previously reported in     June 2013 Form 8-K/Form 10-Q   $ (13,426 )   $ 474   $ 92,181   $ 114,239 Income from continuing operations subsequently reclassified to     discontinued operations   (11,968 )   (6,814 )   (912 )   (13,476 ) (Loss) income from continuing operations disclosed in Form 10-K   $ (25,394 )   $ (6,340 )   $ 91,269   $ 100,763                   Discontinued operations, net previously reported in June 2013 Form     8-K/Form 10-Q   $ 165,593   $ 107,841   $ 144,142   $ 270,160 Discontinued operations, net from properties sold subsequent to the     respective reporting period   11,968   6,814   912   13,476 Discontinued operations, net disclosed in Form 10-K   $ 177,561   $ 114,655   $ 145,054   $ 283,636 * The Operating Partnership did not have any extraordinary items or cumulative effect of change in accounting principle during the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 . Therefore, income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is not shown as it was equal to the net income amounts disclosed above. F-67 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation  Overall Summary December 31, 2013     Properties (H)   Units (H)   Investment in Real Estate, Gross   Accumulated Depreciation   Investment in Real Estate, Net   Encumbrances Wholly Owned Unencumbered 253   67,220   $ 17,386,901,834   $ (3,177,396,618 )   $ 14,209,505,216   $ — Wholly Owned Encumbered 112   32,101   8,397,867,526   (1,457,510,357 )   6,940,357,169   2,703,534,549 Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances (1) —   —   —   —   —   2,135,958,561 Wholly Owned Properties 365   99,321   25,784,769,360   (4,634,906,975 )   21,149,862,385   4,839,493,110                         Partially Owned Unencumbered 8   1,505   573,312,560   (69,955,775 )   503,356,785   — Partially Owned Encumbered 11   2,247   442,866,480   (102,846,572 )   340,019,908   334,672,310 Partially Owned Properties 19   3,752   1,016,179,040   (172,802,347 )   843,376,693   334,672,310                         Total Unencumbered Properties 261   68,725   17,960,214,394   (3,247,352,393 )   14,712,862,001   — Total Encumbered Properties 123   34,348   8,840,734,006   (1,560,356,929 )   7,280,377,077   5,174,165,420 Total Consolidated Investment in Real Estate 384   103,073   $ 26,800,948,400   $ (4,807,709,322 )   $ 21,993,239,078   $ 5,174,165,420 (1) See attached Encumbrances Reconciliation. S-1 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Reconciliation December 31, 2013   Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances   Number of Properties Encumbered by   See Properties With Note:   Amount EQR-Fanwell 2007 LP   6   I   $ 300,000,000 EQR-Wellfan 2008 LP (R)   14   J   550,000,000 ASN-Fannie Mae 3   5   K   485,958,561 Archstone Master Property Holdings LLC   13   L   800,000,000 Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances   38       2,135,958,561 Individual Property Encumbrances           3,038,206,859 Total Encumbrances per Financial Statements           $ 5,174,165,420 S-2 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Amounts in thousands) The changes in total real estate for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  are as follows:   2013   2012   2011 Balance, beginning of year $ 21,008,429   $ 20,407,946   $ 19,702,371 Acquisitions and development 9,273,492   1,250,633   1,721,895 Improvements 139,950   161,460   151,476 Dispositions and other (3,620,923 )   (811,610 )   (1,167,796 ) Balance, end of year $ 26,800,948   $ 21,008,429   $ 20,407,946 The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended  December 31, 2013 ,  2012  and  2011  are as follows:   2013   2012   2011 Balance, beginning of year $ 4,912,221   $ 4,539,583   $ 4,337,357 Depreciation 1,013,353   684,992   663,616 Dispositions and other (1,117,865 )   (312,354 )   (461,390 ) Balance, end of year $ 4,807,709   $ 4,912,221   $ 4,539,583 S-3 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Wholly Owned Unencumbered:                                               100 K Street Washington, D.C.   (F)   —   $ 15,600,000   $ 912,267   $ —   $ 15,600,000   $ 912,267   $ 16,512,267   $ —   $ 16,512,267   $ — 1111 Belle Pre (fka The Madison) Alexandria, VA (G)   (F)   —   18,937,702   83,371,939   —   18,937,702   83,371,939   102,309,641   —   102,309,641   — 1210 Mass Washington, D.C. (G)   2004   144   9,213,512   36,559,189   403,220   9,213,512   36,962,409   46,175,921   (11,445,278 )   34,730,643   — 1500 Mass Ave Washington, D.C. (G)   1951   556   54,638,298   40,361,702   12,040,625   54,638,298   52,402,327   107,040,625   (11,057,165 )   95,983,460   — 170 Amsterdam New York, NY   (F)   —   —   44,799,315   —   —   44,799,315   44,799,315   —   44,799,315   — 175 Kent Brooklyn, NY (G)   2011   113   22,037,831   53,962,169   755,257   22,037,831   54,717,426   76,755,257   (6,257,548 )   70,497,709   — 200 N Lemon Street Anaheim, CA    (F)   —   5,865,235   1,823,393   —   5,865,235   1,823,393   7,688,628   —   7,688,628   — 204-206 Pine Street/1610 2nd Avenue Seattle, WA   (F)   —   22,106,464   4,717,126   —   22,106,464   4,717,126   26,823,590   —   26,823,590   — 2201 Pershing Drive Arlington, VA (G)   2012   188   11,321,198   49,615,688   338,120   11,321,198   49,953,808   61,275,006   (2,490,905 )   58,784,101   — 2201 Wilson Arlington, VA (G)   2000   219   21,900,000   79,242,161   490,601   21,900,000   79,732,762   101,632,762   (5,494,624 )   96,138,138   — 2400 M St Washington, D.C. (G)   2006   359   30,006,593   114,013,785   1,705,104   30,006,593   115,718,889   145,725,482   (33,461,838 )   112,263,644   — 420 East 80th Street New York, NY   1961   155   39,277,000   23,026,984   3,504,909   39,277,000   26,531,893   65,808,893   (9,519,405 )   56,289,488   — 425 Mass Washington, D.C. (G)   2009   559   28,150,000   138,600,000   2,871,585   28,150,000   141,471,585   169,621,585   (23,372,279 )   146,249,306   — 600 Washington New York, NY (G)   2004   135   32,852,000   43,140,551   286,906   32,852,000   43,427,457   76,279,457   (13,659,850 )   62,619,607   — 70 Greene Jersey City, NJ (G)   2010   480   28,108,899   236,965,215   471,854   28,108,899   237,437,069   265,545,968   (33,100,960 )   232,445,008   — 71 Broadway New York, NY (G)   1997   238   22,611,600   77,492,171   10,684,866   22,611,600   88,177,037   110,788,637   (28,276,895 )   82,511,742   — 77 Bluxome San Francisco, CA   2007   102   5,249,124   18,609,876   81,627   5,249,124   18,691,503   23,940,627   (1,887,319 )   22,053,308   — 777 Sixth New York, NY (G)   2002   294   65,352,706   65,747,294   1,095,560   65,352,706   66,842,854   132,195,560   (16,931,741 )   115,263,819   — 801 Brannan San Francisco, CA   (F)   —   42,367,171   3,280,863   —   42,367,171   3,280,863   45,648,034   —   45,648,034   — 88 Hillside Daly City, CA (G)   2011   95   7,786,800   31,587,325   1,295,347   7,786,800   32,882,672   40,669,472   (3,123,822 )   37,545,650   — Abington Glen Abington, MA   1968   90   553,105   3,697,396   2,493,689   553,105   6,191,085   6,744,190   (3,841,681 )   2,902,509   — Agoura Hills Agoura Hills, CA   1985   178   16,700,000   30,344,413   118,825   16,700,000   30,463,238   47,163,238   (2,804,190 )   44,359,048   — Alban Towers Washington, D.C.   1934   229   18,900,000   90,351,467   116,906   18,900,000   90,468,373   109,368,373   (6,685,386 )   102,682,987   — Arbor Terrace Sunnyvale, CA   1979   175   9,057,300   18,483,642   2,487,094   9,057,300   20,970,736   30,028,036   (11,579,687 )   18,448,349   — Arboretum (MA) Canton, MA   1989   156   4,685,900   10,992,751   2,600,866   4,685,900   13,593,617   18,279,517   (7,595,468 )   10,684,049   — Arden Villas Orlando, FL   1999   336   5,500,000   28,600,796   3,810,685   5,500,000   32,411,481   37,911,481   (11,965,280 )   25,946,201   — Artisan on Second Los Angeles, CA   2008   118   8,000,400   36,074,600   168,636   8,000,400   36,243,236   44,243,636   (4,986,340 )   39,257,296   — Ashton, The Corona Hills, CA   1986   492   2,594,264   33,042,398   6,733,646   2,594,264   39,776,044   42,370,308   (23,448,187 )   18,922,121   — Auvers Village Orlando, FL   1991   480   3,808,823   29,322,243   7,105,642   3,808,823   36,427,885   40,236,708   (20,581,844 )   19,654,864   — Avenue Two Redwood City, CA   1972   123   7,995,000   18,005,000   956,348   7,995,000   18,961,348   26,956,348   (2,387,293 )   24,569,055   — Azure (fka Mission Bay-Block 13) San Francisco, CA   (F)   —   32,855,115   33,412,715   —   32,855,115   33,412,715   66,267,830   —   66,267,830   — Ball Park Lofts Denver, CO (G)   2003   354   5,481,556   51,658,741   4,340,240   5,481,556   55,998,981   61,480,537   (19,343,578 )   42,136,959   — Barrington Place Oviedo, FL   1998   233   6,990,000   15,740,825   2,889,445   6,990,000   18,630,270   25,620,270   (8,520,785 )   17,099,485   — Bay Hill Long Beach, CA   2002   160   7,600,000   27,437,239   913,982   7,600,000   28,351,221   35,951,221   (10,003,163 )   25,948,058   — Beatrice, The New York, NY   2010   302   114,351,405   165,648,595   124,512   114,351,405   165,773,107   280,124,512   (17,146,544 )   262,977,968   — Bella Terra I Mukilteo, WA (G)   2002   235   5,686,861   26,070,540   942,474   5,686,861   27,013,014   32,699,875   (10,029,556 )   22,670,319   — Belle Arts Condominium Homes, LLC Bellevue, WA   2000   1   63,158   248,929   (5,320 )   63,158   243,609   306,767   —   306,767   — Belle Fontaine Marina Del Ray, CA   2003   102   9,098,808   28,701,192   162,958   9,098,808   28,864,150   37,962,958   (3,227,931 )   34,735,027   — Bellevue Bellevue, WA (G)   1998   191   15,100,000   42,169,280   761,135   15,100,000   42,930,415   58,030,415   (2,840,690 )   55,189,725   — Berkeley Land Berkeley, CA   (F)   —   13,908,910   5,082,581   —   13,908,910   5,082,581   18,991,491   —   18,991,491   — Boston Common Boston, MA (G)   2006   420   106,100,000   167,711,384   190,386   106,100,000   167,901,770   274,001,770   (13,060,243 )   260,941,527   — Bradford Apartments Newington, CT   1964   64   401,091   2,681,210   813,895   401,091   3,495,105   3,896,196   (1,738,035 )   2,158,161   — Briar Knoll Apts Vernon, CT   1986   150   928,972   6,209,988   1,655,316   928,972   7,865,304   8,794,276   (4,017,041 )   4,777,235   — Briarwood (CA) Sunnyvale, CA   1985   192   9,991,500   22,247,278   2,873,885   9,991,500   25,121,163   35,112,663   (12,928,298 )   22,184,365   — Bridford Lakes II Greensboro, NC   (F)   —   1,100,564   792,508   —   1,100,564   792,508   1,893,072   —   1,893,072   — Brooklyn Heights Brooklyn, NY (G)   2000   193   32,400,000   93,317,261   79,289   32,400,000   93,396,550   125,796,550   (6,989,848 )   118,806,702   — Brooklyner (fka 111 Lawrence) Brooklyn, NY (G)   2010   490   40,099,922   221,435,831   375,977   40,099,922   221,811,808   261,911,730   (23,147,254 )   238,764,476   — S-4 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013 Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Brookside (CO) Boulder, CO   1993   144   3,600,400   10,211,159   2,563,906   3,600,400   12,775,065   16,375,465   (6,711,041 )   9,664,424   — Cambridge Park Cambridge, MA (G)   2002   312   31,200,000   106,752,364   739,806   31,200,000   107,492,170   138,692,170   (7,705,656 )   130,986,514   — Carlyle Mill Alexandria, VA   2002   317   10,000,000   51,367,913   4,358,788   10,000,000   55,726,701   65,726,701   (21,654,122 )   44,072,579   — Cascade Seattle, WA   (F)   —   12,198,278   4,063,175   —   12,198,278   4,063,175   16,261,453   —   16,261,453   — Cascade II Seattle, WA   (F)   —   11,553,286   2,711,440   —   11,553,286   2,711,440   14,264,726   —   14,264,726   — Centennial (fka Centennial Court & Centennial Tower) Seattle, WA (G)   1991/2001   408   9,700,000   70,080,378   5,479,205   9,700,000   75,559,583   85,259,583   (24,644,073 )   60,615,510   — Centre Club Ontario, CA   1994   312   5,616,000   23,485,891   3,045,795   5,616,000   26,531,686   32,147,686   (12,919,164 )   19,228,522   — Centre Club II Ontario, CA   2002   100   1,820,000   9,528,898   689,904   1,820,000   10,218,802   12,038,802   (4,327,441 )   7,711,361   — Cierra Crest Denver, CO   1996   480   4,803,100   34,894,898   5,106,249   4,803,100   40,001,147   44,804,247   (22,917,727 )   21,886,520   — Cleo, The Los Angeles, CA   1989   92   6,615,467   14,829,335   3,750,349   6,615,467   18,579,684   25,195,151   (6,566,783 )   18,628,368   — Coconut Palm Club Coconut Creek, FL   1992   301   3,001,700   17,678,928   3,775,228   3,001,700   21,454,156   24,455,856   (11,971,663 )   12,484,193   — Courthouse Plaza Arlington, VA (G)   1990   396   —   87,821,045   1,017,095   —   88,838,140   88,838,140   (7,919,119 )   80,919,021   — Cove at Boynton Beach I Boynton Beach, FL   1996   252   12,600,000   31,469,651   4,284,433   12,600,000   35,754,084   48,354,084   (13,936,676 )   34,417,408   — Cove at Boynton Beach II Boynton Beach, FL   1998   296   14,800,000   37,874,719   —   14,800,000   37,874,719   52,674,719   (13,512,371 )   39,162,348   — Creekside (San Mateo) San Mateo, CA   1985   192   9,606,600   21,193,232   3,381,227   9,606,600   24,574,459   34,181,059   (12,799,939 )   21,381,120   — Cronins Landing Waltham, MA (G)   1998   281   32,300,000   85,723,236   203,018   32,300,000   85,926,254   118,226,254   (6,736,216 )   111,490,038   — Crowntree Lakes Orlando, FL   2008   352   12,009,630   44,407,977   394,460   12,009,630   44,802,437   56,812,067   (10,871,421 )   45,940,646   — Crystal Place Arlington, VA   1986   181   17,200,000   48,253,858   132,258   17,200,000   48,386,116   65,586,116   (3,700,423 )   61,885,693   — Cupertino Cupertino, CA   1998   311   40,400,000   96,638,206   128,241   40,400,000   96,766,447   137,166,447   (7,012,730 )   130,153,717   — Cypress Lake at Waterford Orlando, FL   2001   316   7,000,000   27,654,816   2,156,145   7,000,000   29,810,961   36,810,961   (11,172,993 )   25,637,968   — Dartmouth Woods Lakewood, CO   1990   201   1,609,800   10,832,754   2,301,254   1,609,800   13,134,008   14,743,808   (7,965,913 )   6,777,895   — Dean Estates Taunton, MA   1984   58   498,080   3,329,560   759,777   498,080   4,089,337   4,587,417   (2,124,869 )   2,462,548   — Deerwood (Corona) Corona, CA   1992   316   4,742,200   20,272,892   4,232,556   4,742,200   24,505,448   29,247,648   (14,569,786 )   14,677,862   — Del Mar Heights San Diego, CA   1986   168   15,100,000   41,147,185   141,192   15,100,000   41,288,377   56,388,377   (3,080,440 )   53,307,937   — DuPont Circle Washington, D.C. (G)   1961   120   13,500,000   27,120,388   244,693   13,500,000   27,365,081   40,865,081   (2,700,714 )   38,164,367   — Eagle Canyon Chino Hills, CA   1985   252   1,808,900   16,274,361   7,191,652   1,808,900   23,466,013   25,274,913   (14,038,267 )   11,236,646   — Edgemont at Bethesda Metro Bethesda, MD   1989   122   13,092,552   43,907,448   261,029   13,092,552   44,168,477   57,261,029   (5,082,748 )   52,178,281   — Emerald Park Dublin, CA   2000   324   25,900,000   84,551,331   128,390   25,900,000   84,679,721   110,579,721   (6,337,254 )   104,242,467   — Emerson Place Boston, MA (G)   1962   444   14,855,000   57,566,636   16,265,605   14,855,000   73,832,241   88,687,241   (44,668,129 )   44,019,112   — Emeryville Emeryville, CA   1994   261   12,300,000   61,845,626   419,601   12,300,000   62,265,227   74,565,227   (4,686,215 )   69,879,012   — Encinitas Encinitas, CA (G)   2002   120   12,000,000   29,419,415   82,422   12,000,000   29,501,837   41,501,837   (2,385,500 )   39,116,337   — Enclave at Waterways Deerfield Beach, FL   1998   300   15,000,000   33,194,576   1,855,969   15,000,000   35,050,545   50,050,545   (12,392,429 )   37,658,116   — Enclave at Winston Park Coconut Creek, FL   1995   278   5,560,000   19,939,324   4,248,969   5,560,000   24,188,293   29,748,293   (10,417,597 )   19,330,696   — Encore at Sherman Oaks, The Sherman Oaks, CA   1988   174   8,700,000   25,446,003   684,532   8,700,000   26,130,535   34,830,535   (3,889,921 )   30,940,614   — Estates at Wellington Green Wellington, FL   2003   400   20,000,000   64,790,850   2,259,739   20,000,000   67,050,589   87,050,589   (22,638,702 )   64,411,887   — Eye Street Washington, D.C.   (F)   —   11,771,446   6,095,393   —   11,771,446   6,095,393   17,866,839   —   17,866,839   — Fox Hill Apartments Enfield, CT   1974   168   1,129,018   7,547,256   1,859,467   1,129,018   9,406,723   10,535,741   (4,655,719 )   5,880,022   — Fremont Center Fremont, CA (G)   2002   322   25,800,000   79,290,493   240,019   25,800,000   79,530,512   105,330,512   (5,413,886 )   99,916,626   — Gables Grand Plaza Coral Gables, FL (G)   1998   195   —   44,601,000   7,018,667   —   51,619,667   51,619,667   (18,748,222 )   32,871,445   — Gallery, The Hermosa Beach, CA   1971   169   18,144,000   46,567,941   2,098,129   18,144,000   48,666,070   66,810,070   (14,889,140 )   51,920,930   — Gatehouse at Pine Lake Pembroke Pines, FL   1990   296   1,896,600   17,070,795   6,124,047   1,896,600   23,194,842   25,091,442   (13,330,823 )   11,760,619   — Gatehouse on the Green Plantation, FL   1990   312   2,228,200   20,056,270   7,677,923   2,228,200   27,734,193   29,962,393   (16,357,389 )   13,605,004   — Gates of Redmond Redmond, WA   1979   180   2,306,100   12,064,015   4,903,326   2,306,100   16,967,341   19,273,441   (9,870,573 )   9,402,868   — Geary Court Yard San Francisco, CA   1990   164   1,722,400   15,471,429   2,672,731   1,722,400   18,144,160   19,866,560   (10,311,127 )   9,555,433   — Glen Meadow Franklin, MA   1971   288   2,339,330   16,133,588   3,870,079   2,339,330   20,003,667   22,342,997   (10,599,550 )   11,743,447   — Glendale Glendale, CA   1988   264   —   68,325,277   267,514   —   68,592,791   68,592,791   (4,938,308 )   63,654,483   — Governors Green Bowie, MD   1999   478   19,845,000   73,335,916   1,157,259   19,845,000   74,493,175   94,338,175   (20,664,462 )   73,673,713   — Greenfield Village Rocky Hill , CT   1965   151   911,534   6,093,418   723,069   911,534   6,816,487   7,728,021   (3,383,217 )   4,344,804   — S-5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Greenwood Park Centennial, CO   1994   291   4,365,000   38,372,440   1,900,765   4,365,000   40,273,205   44,638,205   (11,821,792 )   32,816,413   — Greenwood Plaza Centennial, CO   1996   266   3,990,000   35,846,708   2,296,465   3,990,000   38,143,173   42,133,173   (11,411,269 )   30,721,904   — Hacienda Pleasanton, CA   2000   540   43,200,000   129,637,659   203,048   43,200,000   129,840,707   173,040,707   (10,178,767 )   162,861,940   — Hamilton Villas Beverly Hills, CA   1990   35   7,772,000   16,864,269   1,372,560   7,772,000   18,236,829   26,008,829   (4,434,046 )   21,574,783   — Hammocks Place Miami, FL   1986   296   319,180   12,513,467   4,353,249   319,180   16,866,716   17,185,896   (11,895,336 )   5,290,560   — Hampshire Place Los Angeles, CA   1989   259   10,806,000   30,335,330   3,107,298   10,806,000   33,442,628   44,248,628   (11,716,751 )   32,531,877   — Harbor Steps Seattle, WA (G)   2000   758   59,390,179   158,829,432   12,492,799   59,390,179   171,322,231   230,712,410   (53,500,328 )   177,212,082   — Heritage Ridge Lynwood, WA   1999   197   6,895,000   18,983,597   750,513   6,895,000   19,734,110   26,629,110   (7,407,674 )   19,221,436   — Heron Pointe Boynton Beach, FL   1989   192   1,546,700   7,774,676   2,385,724   1,546,700   10,160,400   11,707,100   (6,263,951 )   5,443,149   — High Meadow Ellington, CT   1975   100   583,679   3,901,774   1,148,051   583,679   5,049,825   5,633,504   (2,437,167 )   3,196,337   — Highland Glen Westwood, MA   1979   180   2,229,095   16,828,153   2,709,281   2,229,095   19,537,434   21,766,529   (9,457,763 )   12,308,766   — Highland Glen II Westwood, MA    2007   102   —   19,875,857   144,851   —   20,020,708   20,020,708   (5,078,255 )   14,942,453   — Highlands at Cherry Hill Cherry Hills, NJ   2002   170   6,800,000   21,459,108   804,080   6,800,000   22,263,188   29,063,188   (7,214,459 )   21,848,729   — Highlands at South Plainfield South Plainfield, NJ   2000   252   10,080,000   37,526,912   929,736   10,080,000   38,456,648   48,536,648   (11,862,100 )   36,674,548   — Hikari Los Angeles, CA (G)   2007   128   9,435,760   32,564,240   153,706   9,435,760   32,717,946   42,153,706   (4,101,964 )   38,051,742   — Hudson Crossing New York, NY (G)   2003   259   23,420,000   69,977,699   1,630,936   23,420,000   71,608,635   95,028,635   (23,456,649 )   71,571,986   — Hudson Pointe Jersey City, NJ   2003   182   5,350,000   41,114,074   2,100,163   5,350,000   43,214,237   48,564,237   (15,065,373 )   33,498,864   — Hunt Club II Charlotte, NC    (F)   —   100,000   —   —   100,000   —   100,000   —   100,000   — Huntington Park Everett, WA   1991   381   1,597,500   14,367,864   4,786,996   1,597,500   19,154,860   20,752,360   (13,271,353 )   7,481,007   — Jia (fka Chinatown Gateway) Los Angeles, CA (G)   (F)   —   14,791,831   71,969,127   —   14,791,831   71,969,127   86,760,958   —   86,760,958   — Kendall Square Cambridge, MA   1998   186   23,300,000   78,968,911   579,275   23,300,000   79,548,186   102,848,186   (5,491,559 )   97,356,627   — Kenwood Mews Burbank, CA   1991   141   14,100,000   24,662,883   2,620,056   14,100,000   27,282,939   41,382,939   (8,366,151 )   33,016,788   — Kings Colony (FL) Miami, FL   1986   480   19,200,000   48,379,586   4,274,318   19,200,000   52,653,904   71,853,904   (18,372,874 )   53,481,030   — Lake Buena Vista Combined Orlando, FL   2000/2002   672   23,520,000   75,068,206   4,640,640   23,520,000   79,708,846   103,228,846   (25,931,634 )   77,297,212   — Landings at Pembroke Lakes Pembroke Pines, FL   1989   358   17,900,000   24,460,989   5,339,378   17,900,000   29,800,367   47,700,367   (11,826,369 )   35,873,998   — Landings at Port Imperial W. New York, NJ   1999   276   27,246,045   37,741,050   7,207,921   27,246,045   44,948,971   72,195,016   (21,242,906 )   50,952,110   — Legacy at Highlands Ranch Highlands Ranch, CO   1999   422   6,330,000   37,557,013   2,438,295   6,330,000   39,995,308   46,325,308   (14,087,855 )   32,237,453   — Lincoln Heights Quincy, MA   1991   336   5,928,400   33,595,262   11,206,707   5,928,400   44,801,969   50,730,369   (25,653,015 )   25,077,354   — Lofts 590 Arlington, VA   2005   212   20,100,000   68,361,638   44,726   20,100,000   68,406,364   88,506,364   (4,729,574 )   83,776,790   — Longacre House New York, NY (G)   2000   293   73,170,045   53,962,510   1,179,807   73,170,045   55,142,317   128,312,362   (14,874,367 )   113,437,995   — Longfellow Place Boston, MA (G)   1975   710   53,164,160   185,928,608   77,215,801   53,164,160   263,144,409   316,308,569   (131,267,364 )   185,041,205   — Mantena New York, NY (G)   2012   98   22,346,513   61,501,158   168,161   22,346,513   61,669,319   84,015,832   (4,731,391 )   79,284,441   — Marina Del Rey Marina Del Rey, CA   1973   623   —   169,967,439   1,355,945   —   171,323,384   171,323,384   (14,625,920 )   156,697,464   — Marquessa Corona Hills, CA   1992   336   6,888,500   21,604,584   3,037,350   6,888,500   24,641,934   31,530,434   (14,418,836 )   17,111,598   — Martine, The Bellevue, WA    1984   67   3,200,000   9,616,264   2,722,147   3,200,000   12,338,411   15,538,411   (4,098,923 )   11,439,488   — Milano Lofts Los Angeles, CA (G)   1925/2006   99   8,125,216   27,378,784   268,483   8,125,216   27,647,267   35,772,483   (2,394,637 )   33,377,846   — Millikan Irvine, CA   (F)   —   10,743,027   6,214,141   —   10,743,027   6,214,141   16,957,168   —   16,957,168   — Mission Verde, LLC San Jose, CA   1986   108   5,190,700   9,679,109   3,349,695   5,190,700   13,028,804   18,219,504   (7,779,026 )   10,440,478   — Mosaic at Largo Station Hyattsville, MD   2008   242   4,120,800   42,477,297   490,649   4,120,800   42,967,946   47,088,746   (9,970,232 )   37,118,514   — Mountain View Mountain View, CA   1965   180   27,000,000   33,338,325   164,351   27,000,000   33,502,676   60,502,676   (3,080,868 )   57,421,808   — Mozaic at Union Station Los Angeles, CA   2007   272   8,500,000   52,529,446   1,325,352   8,500,000   53,854,798   62,354,798   (14,841,048 )   47,513,750   — Murray Hill New York, NY (G)   1974   270   75,800,000   103,623,712   579,164   75,800,000   104,202,876   180,002,876   (10,741,983 )   169,260,893   — Northglen Valencia, CA   1988   234   9,360,000   20,778,553   1,969,605   9,360,000   22,748,158   32,108,158   (10,747,805 )   21,360,353   — Northlake (MD) Germantown, MD   1985   304   15,000,000   23,142,302   10,244,672   15,000,000   33,386,974   48,386,974   (15,031,335 )   33,355,639   — Northridge Pleasant Hill, CA   1974   221   5,527,800   14,691,705   9,851,592   5,527,800   24,543,297   30,071,097   (13,695,958 )   16,375,139   — Oak Mill I Germantown, MD   1984   208   10,000,000   13,155,522   7,562,822   10,000,000   20,718,344   30,718,344   (9,644,381 )   21,073,963   — Oak Park North Agoura Hills, CA   1990   220   1,706,900   15,362,666   4,040,864   1,706,900   19,403,530   21,110,430   (11,981,703 )   9,128,727   — Oak Park South Agoura Hills, CA   1989   224   1,683,800   15,154,608   4,089,342   1,683,800   19,243,950   20,927,750   (11,943,140 )   8,984,610   — S-6 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Oaks at Falls Church Falls Church, VA   1966   176   20,240,000   20,152,616   3,779,190   20,240,000   23,931,806   44,171,806   (8,672,588 )   35,499,218   — Oakwood Boston Boston, MA (G)   1901   94   22,200,000   28,934,606   102,228   22,200,000   29,036,834   51,236,834   (1,901,519 )   49,335,315   — Oakwood Crystal City Arlington, VA   1987   162   15,400,000   35,735,963   63,451   15,400,000   35,799,414   51,199,414   (2,172,022 )   49,027,392   — Oakwood Marina Del Rey Marina Del Rey, CA   1969   597   —   121,554,078   597,665   —   122,151,743   122,151,743   (8,733,929 )   113,417,814   — Oasis at Delray Beach I Delray Beach, FL   1999   196   5,900,000   25,310,444   298,806   5,900,000   25,609,250   31,509,250   (2,359,051 )   29,150,199   — Oasis at Delray Beach II Delray Beach, FL   2013   128   3,840,000   17,490,066   1,190   3,840,000   17,491,256   21,331,256   —   21,331,256   — Ocean Crest Solana Beach, CA   1986   146   5,111,200   11,910,438   2,435,992   5,111,200   14,346,430   19,457,630   (8,131,799 )   11,325,831   — Ocean Walk Key West, FL   1990   297   2,838,749   25,545,009   3,993,374   2,838,749   29,538,383   32,377,132   (16,842,336 )   15,534,796   — Olde Redmond Place Redmond, WA   1986   192   4,807,100   14,126,038   4,373,660   4,807,100   18,499,698   23,306,798   (11,043,147 )   12,263,651   — One Henry Adams San Francisco, CA   (F)   —   30,952,393   3,124,964   —   30,952,393   3,124,964   34,077,357   —   34,077,357   — Orchard Ridge Lynnwood, WA   1988   104   480,600   4,372,033   1,533,264   480,600   5,905,297   6,385,897   (3,964,230 )   2,421,667   — Palm Trace Landings Davie, FL   1995   768   38,400,000   105,693,432   4,031,375   38,400,000   109,724,807   148,124,807   (36,189,802 )   111,935,005   — Parc 77 New York, NY (G)   1903   137   40,504,000   18,025,679   4,828,502   40,504,000   22,854,181   63,358,181   (8,404,862 )   54,953,319   — Parc Cameron New York, NY (G)   1927   166   37,600,000   9,855,597   5,764,055   37,600,000   15,619,652   53,219,652   (7,133,172 )   46,086,480   — Parc Coliseum New York, NY (G)   1910   177   52,654,000   23,045,751   7,619,769   52,654,000   30,665,520   83,319,520   (11,481,750 )   71,837,770   — Parc East Towers New York, NY (G)   1977   324   102,163,000   108,989,402   6,956,519   102,163,000   115,945,921   218,108,921   (31,853,462 )   186,255,459   — Park at Turtle Run, The Coral Springs, FL   2001   257   15,420,000   36,064,629   1,229,572   15,420,000   37,294,201   52,714,201   (13,204,540 )   39,509,661   — Park Connecticut Washington, D.C.   2000   142   13,700,000   59,460,861   93,329   13,700,000   59,554,190   73,254,190   (3,914,535 )   69,339,655   — Park West (CA) Los Angeles, CA   1987/1990   444   3,033,500   27,302,383   7,330,685   3,033,500   34,633,068   37,666,568   (21,889,796 )   15,776,772   — Parkfield Denver, CO   2000   476   8,330,000   28,667,618   3,057,365   8,330,000   31,724,983   40,054,983   (14,820,148 )   25,234,835   — Parkside Union City, CA   1979   208   6,246,700   11,827,453   3,833,813   6,246,700   15,661,266   21,907,966   (9,486,679 )   12,421,287   — Pegasus Los Angeles, CA (G)   1949/2003   322   18,094,052   81,905,948   2,015,760   18,094,052   83,921,708   102,015,760   (12,457,511 )   89,558,249   — Pentagon City Arlington, VA (G)   1990   298   28,300,000   79,387,601   145,906   28,300,000   79,533,507   107,833,507   (6,012,255 )   101,821,252   — Phillips Park Wellesley, MA   1988   49   816,922   5,460,955   1,038,416   816,922   6,499,371   7,316,293   (3,280,138 )   4,036,155   — Playa Del Rey Playa Del Rey, CA   2004   354   60,900,000   90,085,898   407,504   60,900,000   90,493,402   151,393,402   (7,145,468 )   144,247,934   — Playa Pacifica Hermosa Beach, CA   1972   285   35,100,000   33,473,822   8,011,904   35,100,000   41,485,726   76,585,726   (16,371,788 )   60,213,938   — Portofino Chino Hills, CA   1989   176   3,572,400   14,660,994   3,352,092   3,572,400   18,013,086   21,585,486   (9,926,077 )   11,659,409   — Portofino (Val) Valencia, CA   1989   216   8,640,000   21,487,126   2,646,783   8,640,000   24,133,909   32,773,909   (11,529,488 )   21,244,421   — Portside Towers Jersey City, NJ (G)   1992-1997   527   22,487,006   96,842,913   18,435,833   22,487,006   115,278,746   137,765,752   (61,617,346 )   76,148,406   — Potrero San Francisco, CA   (F)   —   40,830,011   2,683,265   —   40,830,011   2,683,265   43,513,276   —   43,513,276   — Preserve at Deer Creek Deerfield Beach, FL   1997   540   13,500,000   60,011,208   9,643,309   13,500,000   69,654,517   83,154,517   (24,599,996 )   58,554,521   — Prime, The Arlington, VA   2002   256   32,000,000   64,436,539   965,087   32,000,000   65,401,626   97,401,626   (19,038,929 )   78,362,697   — Promenade at Aventura Aventura, FL   1995   296   13,320,000   30,353,748   6,552,908   13,320,000   36,906,656   50,226,656   (16,970,116 )   33,256,540   — Promenade at Town Center I Valencia, CA   2001   294   14,700,000   35,390,279   2,206,279   14,700,000   37,596,558   52,296,558   (14,095,067 )   38,201,491   — Promenade at Town Center II Valencia, CA   2001   270   13,500,000   34,405,636   1,985,501   13,500,000   36,391,137   49,891,137   (13,530,181 )   36,360,956   — Promenade at Wyndham Lakes Coral Springs, FL   1998   332   6,640,000   26,743,760   5,005,200   6,640,000   31,748,960   38,388,960   (14,987,283 )   23,401,677   — Promenade Terrace Corona, CA   1990   330   2,272,800   20,546,289   5,691,127   2,272,800   26,237,416   28,510,216   (16,670,485 )   11,839,731   — Quarry Hills Quincy, MA   2006   316   26,900,000   84,983,599   140,458   26,900,000   85,124,057   112,024,057   (6,865,171 )   105,158,886   — Red 160 (fka Redmond Way) Redmond , WA (G)   2011   250   15,546,376   65,320,010   504,378   15,546,376   65,824,388   81,370,764   (6,551,308 )   74,819,456   — Red Road Commons Miami, FL (G)   2009   404   27,383,547   99,656,440   1,497,545   27,383,547   101,153,985   128,537,532   (14,269,702 )   114,267,830   — Redmond Court Bellevue, WA   1977   206   10,300,000   33,713,933   294,313   10,300,000   34,008,246   44,308,246   (2,592,517 )   41,715,729   — Regency Palms Huntington Beach, CA   1969   310   1,857,400   16,713,254   5,247,158   1,857,400   21,960,412   23,817,812   (14,160,070 )   9,657,742   — Renaissance Villas Berkeley, CA (G)   1998   34   2,458,000   4,542,000   105,946   2,458,000   4,647,946   7,105,946   (1,193,952 )   5,911,994   — Reserve at Ashley Lake Boynton Beach, FL   1990   440   3,520,400   23,332,494   6,605,628   3,520,400   29,938,122   33,458,522   (17,387,775 )   16,070,747   — Reserve at Town Center II (WA) Mill Creek, WA   2009   100   4,310,417   17,165,142   64,229   4,310,417   17,229,371   21,539,788   (2,513,872 )   19,025,916   — Reserve at Town Center III Mill Creek, WA   (F)   —   2,089,388   16,339,822   —   2,089,388   16,339,822   18,429,210   —   18,429,210   — Residences at Bayview Pompano Beach, FL (G)   2004   225   5,783,545   39,334,455   894,691   5,783,545   40,229,146   46,012,691   (7,182,488 )   38,830,203   — Residences at Westgate I (fka Westgate II) Pasadena, CA   (F)   —   17,859,785   83,708,925   —   17,859,785   83,708,925   101,568,710   —   101,568,710   — S-7 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Residences at Westgate II (fka Westgate III) Pasadena, CA   (F)   —   12,118,061   19,127,918   —   12,118,061   19,127,918   31,245,979   —   31,245,979   — Reunion at Redmond Ridge (fka Redmond Ridge) Redmond, WA   2008   321   6,975,705   46,175,001   224,446   6,975,705   46,399,447   53,375,152   (9,881,175 )   43,493,977   — Rianna I Seattle, WA (G)   2000   78   2,268,160   14,864,482   266,542   2,268,160   15,131,024   17,399,184   (3,207,605 )   14,191,579   — Ridgewood Village I&II San Diego, CA   1997   408   11,809,500   34,004,048   4,287,842   11,809,500   38,291,890   50,101,390   (18,480,854 )   31,620,536   — Rincon Hill San Francisco, CA   (F)   —   42,000,000   7,574,181   —   42,000,000   7,574,181   49,574,181   —   49,574,181   — Riva Terra I Redwood City, CA   1986   304   34,963,355   85,202,482   628,146   34,963,355   85,830,628   120,793,983   (6,684,339 )   114,109,644   — Riva Terra II Redwood City, CA   1986   149   17,136,645   40,832,170   650,300   17,136,645   41,482,470   58,619,115   (3,089,614 )   55,529,501   — River Tower New York, NY (G)   1982   323   118,669,441   98,880,559   4,123,564   118,669,441   103,004,123   221,673,564   (24,034,599 )   197,638,965   — Riverpark Redmond, WA (G)   2009   319   14,355,000   80,894,049   129,922   14,355,000   81,023,971   95,378,971   (8,357,613 )   87,021,358   — Rivers Bend (CT) Windsor, CT   1973   373   3,325,517   22,573,826   3,026,927   3,325,517   25,600,753   28,926,270   (12,625,301 )   16,300,969   — Riverview Condominiums Norwalk, CT   1991   92   2,300,000   7,406,730   2,346,640   2,300,000   9,753,370   12,053,370   (5,182,720 )   6,870,650   — Rolling Green (Amherst) Amherst, MA   1970   204   1,340,702   8,962,317   3,899,396   1,340,702   12,861,713   14,202,415   (7,180,118 )   7,022,297   — Rolling Green (Milford) Milford, MA   1970   304   2,012,350   13,452,150   5,371,687   2,012,350   18,823,837   20,836,187   (9,832,847 )   11,003,340   — Rosecliff II Quincy, MA   2005   130   4,922,840   30,202,160   376,039   4,922,840   30,578,199   35,501,039   (3,928,769 )   31,572,270   — Rosslyn Arlington, VA (G)   2003   314   31,400,000   109,727,825   67,784   31,400,000   109,795,609   141,195,609   (7,664,303 )   133,531,306   — Sabal Palm at Lake Buena Vista Orlando, FL   1988   400   2,800,000   23,687,893   6,932,172   2,800,000   30,620,065   33,420,065   (16,048,657 )   17,371,408   — Sabal Pointe Coral Springs, FL    1995   275   1,951,600   17,570,508   6,418,274   1,951,600   23,988,782   25,940,382   (14,670,174 )   11,270,208   — Sage Everett, WA   2002   123   2,500,000   12,021,256   567,364   2,500,000   12,588,620   15,088,620   (4,281,852 )   10,806,768   — Sakura Crossing Los Angeles, CA (G)   2009   230   14,641,990   42,858,010   280,897   14,641,990   43,138,907   57,780,897   (6,186,384 )   51,594,513   — Sausalito Sausalito, CA   1978   198   26,000,000   28,714,965   169,663   26,000,000   28,884,628   54,884,628   (3,138,534 )   51,746,094   — Savoy at Dayton Station I & II (fka Savoy I) Aurora, CO   2001   444   5,450,295   38,765,670   3,156,829   5,450,295   41,922,499   47,372,794   (15,725,082 )   31,647,712   — Savoy at Dayton Station III (fka Savoy III) Aurora, CO   2012   168   659,165   21,271,331   59,151   659,165   21,330,482   21,989,647   (1,512,605 )   20,477,042   — Scarborough Square Rockville, MD   1967   121   1,815,000   7,608,126   2,828,563   1,815,000   10,436,689   12,251,689   (6,175,785 )   6,075,904   — Seventh & James Seattle, WA   1992   96   663,800   5,974,803   3,562,306   663,800   9,537,109   10,200,909   (5,910,718 )   4,290,191   — Shadow Creek Winter Springs, FL   2000   280   6,000,000   21,719,768   2,122,402   6,000,000   23,842,170   29,842,170   (9,008,244 )   20,833,926   — Sheffield Court Arlington, VA   1986   597   3,342,381   31,337,332   12,888,683   3,342,381   44,226,015   47,568,396   (27,676,964 )   19,891,432   — Sheridan Lake Club Dania Beach, FL   2001   240   12,000,000   23,170,580   1,772,157   12,000,000   24,942,737   36,942,737   (8,564,889 )   28,377,848   — Sheridan Ocean Club combined Dania Beach, FL   1991   648   18,313,414   47,091,594   17,044,266   18,313,414   64,135,860   82,449,274   (30,116,438 )   52,332,836   — Skycrest Valencia, CA   1999   264   10,560,000   25,574,457   2,239,072   10,560,000   27,813,529   38,373,529   (13,059,276 )   25,314,253   — Skylark Union City, CA   1986   174   1,781,600   16,731,916   1,914,660   1,781,600   18,646,576   20,428,176   (10,171,464 )   10,256,712   — Skyline Terrace Burlingame, CA   1967 & 1987   138   16,836,000   35,414,000   3,846,309   16,836,000   39,260,309   56,096,309   (6,410,921 )   49,685,388   — Skyline Towers Falls Church, VA (G)   1971   939   78,278,200   91,485,591   30,593,973   78,278,200   122,079,564   200,357,764   (49,094,497 )   151,263,267   — Sonterra at Foothill Ranch Foothill Ranch, CA   1997   300   7,503,400   24,048,507   1,897,617   7,503,400   25,946,124   33,449,524   (14,258,820 )   19,190,704   — South San Francisco San Francisco, CA (G)   2007   360   68,900,000   80,240,812   413,552   68,900,000   80,654,364   149,554,364   (7,124,507 )   142,429,857   — Southwood Palo Alto, CA   1985   100   6,936,600   14,324,069   2,992,190   6,936,600   17,316,259   24,252,859   (9,441,621 )   14,811,238   — Springbrook Estates Riverside, CA   (F)   —   18,200,000   —   —   18,200,000   —   18,200,000   —   18,200,000   — St. Andrews at Winston Park Coconut Creek, FL   1997   284   5,680,000   19,812,090   4,291,946   5,680,000   24,104,036   29,784,036   (10,414,453 )   19,369,583   — Summerset Village II Chatsworth, CA   (F)   —   260,646   —   —   260,646   —   260,646   —   260,646   — Summit & Birch Hill Farmington, CT   1967   186   1,757,438   11,748,112   3,297,807   1,757,438   15,045,919   16,803,357   (7,782,721 )   9,020,636   — Summit at Lake Union Seattle, WA   1995 -1997   150   1,424,700   12,852,461   4,247,599   1,424,700   17,100,060   18,524,760   (9,836,580 )   8,688,180   — Tallman Seattle, WA   (F)   —   16,807,519   6,589,411   —   16,807,519   6,589,411   23,396,930   —   23,396,930   — Tasman (fka Vista Montana - Residential) San Jose, CA   (F)   —   27,679,638   21,699,903   —   27,679,638   21,699,903   49,379,541   —   49,379,541   — Ten23 (fka 500 West 23rd Street) New York, NY (G)   2011   111   —   58,794,517   84,180   —   58,878,697   58,878,697   (3,920,806 )   54,957,891   — Terraces, The San Francisco, CA (G)   1975   117   14,087,610   16,314,151   602,473   14,087,610   16,916,624   31,004,234   (2,524,529 )   28,479,705   — Third Square Cambridge, MA (G)   2008/2009   471   26,767,171   218,770,581   2,768,015   26,767,171   221,538,596   248,305,767   (39,901,393 )   208,404,374   — Tortuga Bay Orlando, FL   2004   314   6,280,000   32,121,779   1,291,995   6,280,000   33,413,774   39,693,774   (11,379,630 )   28,314,144   — Town Center South Commercial Tract St. Charles, MD   (F)   —   1,500,000   3,896   —   1,500,000   3,896   1,503,896   —   1,503,896   — Town Square at Mark Center Phase II Alexandria, VA   2001   272   15,568,464   55,029,607   493,433   15,568,464   55,523,040   71,091,504   (10,475,335 )   60,616,169   — S-8 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Trump Place, 140 Riverside New York, NY (G)   2003   354   103,539,100   94,082,725   3,132,394   103,539,100   97,215,119   200,754,219   (30,036,069 )   170,718,150   — Trump Place, 160 Riverside New York, NY (G)   2001   455   139,933,500   190,964,745   8,737,813   139,933,500   199,702,558   339,636,058   (59,965,660 )   279,670,398   — Trump Place, 180 Riverside New York, NY (G)   1998   516   144,968,250   138,346,681   7,605,676   144,968,250   145,952,357   290,920,607   (45,759,852 )   245,160,755   — Urbana (fka Market Street Landing) Seattle, WA (G)   (F)   —   12,542,418   64,979,196   —   12,542,418   64,979,196   77,521,614   —   77,521,614   — Uwajimaya Village Seattle, WA   2002   176   8,800,000   22,188,288   394,029   8,800,000   22,582,317   31,382,317   (7,993,609 )   23,388,708   — Vantage Pointe San Diego, CA (G)   2009   679   9,403,960   190,596,040   4,923,730   9,403,960   195,519,770   204,923,730   (28,370,366 )   176,553,364   — Veloce Redmond, WA (G)   2009   322   15,322,724   76,176,594   55,022   15,322,724   76,231,616   91,554,340   (4,774,971 )   86,779,369   — Veridian (fka Silver Spring) Silver Spring, MD (G)   2009   457   18,539,817   130,407,365   840,456   18,539,817   131,247,821   149,787,638   (20,852,761 )   128,934,877   — Villa Solana Laguna Hills, CA   1984   272   1,665,100   14,985,678   8,837,465   1,665,100   23,823,143   25,488,243   (15,391,905 )   10,096,338   — Village at Bear Creek Lakewood, CO   1987   472   4,519,700   40,676,390   5,372,025   4,519,700   46,048,415   50,568,115   (26,558,906 )   24,009,209   — Village at Howard Hughes, The Los Angeles, CA   (F)   —   79,175,802   7,944,921   —   79,175,802   7,944,921   87,120,723   —   87,120,723   — Virginia Square Arlington, VA (G)   2002   231   —   86,431,862   782,084   —   87,213,946   87,213,946   (5,921,143 )   81,292,803   — Vista Del Lago Mission Viejo, CA   1986-1988   608   4,525,800   40,736,293   15,232,854   4,525,800   55,969,147   60,494,947   (37,059,350 )   23,435,597   — Walden Park Cambridge, MA   1966   232   12,448,888   52,044,448   2,469,745   12,448,888   54,514,193   66,963,081   (7,696,848 )   59,266,233   — Waterford Place (CO) Thornton, CO   1998   336   5,040,000   29,946,419   1,737,955   5,040,000   31,684,374   36,724,374   (12,866,707 )   23,857,667   — Watertown Square Watertown, MA (G)   2005   134   16,800,000   34,335,683   47,280   16,800,000   34,382,963   51,182,963   (2,762,709 )   48,420,254   — Webster Green Needham, MA   1985   77   1,418,893   9,485,006   1,182,355   1,418,893   10,667,361   12,086,254   (5,110,126 )   6,976,128   — Welleby Lake Club Sunrise, FL   1991   304   3,648,000   17,620,879   5,771,885   3,648,000   23,392,764   27,040,764   (12,645,731 )   14,395,033   — West 96th New York, NY (G)   1987   207   84,800,000   67,824,685   556,573   84,800,000   68,381,258   153,181,258   (8,307,241 )   144,874,017   — West End Apartments (fka Emerson place/ CRP II) Boston, MA (G)   2008   310   469,546   163,123,022   660,903   469,546   163,783,925   164,253,471   (33,407,167 )   130,846,304   — West Seattle Seattle, WA   (F)   —   11,726,305   6,992,695   —   11,726,305   6,992,695   18,719,000   —   18,719,000   — Westchester at Pavilions Waldorf, MD (G)   2009   491   11,900,000   90,134,491   225,033   11,900,000   90,359,524   102,259,524   (5,417,460 )   96,842,064   — Westchester at Rockville Rockville, MD   2009   192   10,600,000   44,416,692   113,249   10,600,000   44,529,941   55,129,941   (3,504,357 )   51,625,584   — Westmont New York, NY (G)   1986   163   64,900,000   61,792,095   212,358   64,900,000   62,004,453   126,904,453   (6,001,580 )   120,902,873   — Westside Los Angeles, CA   2004   204   34,200,000   57,431,465   363,066   34,200,000   57,794,531   91,994,531   (4,346,093 )   87,648,438   — Westside Villas I Los Angeles, CA   1999   21   1,785,000   3,233,254   305,913   1,785,000   3,539,167   5,324,167   (1,688,575 )   3,635,592   — Westside Villas II Los Angeles, CA   1999   23   1,955,000   3,541,435   194,242   1,955,000   3,735,677   5,690,677   (1,714,567 )   3,976,110   — Westside Villas III Los Angeles, CA   1999   36   3,060,000   5,538,871   288,802   3,060,000   5,827,673   8,887,673   (2,668,163 )   6,219,510   — Westside Villas IV Los Angeles, CA   1999   36   3,060,000   5,539,390   297,249   3,060,000   5,836,639   8,896,639   (2,674,400 )   6,222,239   — Westside Villas V Los Angeles, CA   1999   60   5,100,000   9,224,485   510,334   5,100,000   9,734,819   14,834,819   (4,470,041 )   10,364,778   — Westside Villas VI Los Angeles, CA   1989   18   1,530,000   3,023,523   274,577   1,530,000   3,298,100   4,828,100   (1,547,728 )   3,280,372   — Westside Villas VII Los Angeles, CA   2001   53   4,505,000   10,758,900   486,606   4,505,000   11,245,506   15,750,506   (4,563,900 )   11,186,606   — Westwood Glen Westwood, MA   1972   156   1,616,505   10,806,004   2,100,152   1,616,505   12,906,156   14,522,661   (6,122,453 )   8,400,208   — Windridge (CA) Laguna Niguel, CA   1989   344   2,662,900   23,985,497   8,186,273   2,662,900   32,171,770   34,834,670   (20,278,246 )   14,556,424   — Winston, The (FL) Pembroke Pines, FL   2001/2003   464   18,561,000   49,527,569   2,587,408   18,561,000   52,114,977   70,675,977   (16,723,548 )   53,952,429   — Wood Creek (CA) Pleasant Hill, CA   1987   256   9,729,900   23,009,768   6,379,038   9,729,900   29,388,806   39,118,706   (16,514,665 )   22,604,041   — Woodbridge (CT) Newington, CT   1968   73   498,377   3,331,548   1,162,730   498,377   4,494,278   4,992,655   (2,242,801 )   2,749,854   — Woodlake (WA) Kirkland, WA   1984   288   6,631,400   16,735,484   3,227,436   6,631,400   19,962,920   26,594,320   (11,285,522 )   15,308,798   — Woodland Park East Palo Alto, CA (G)   1953   1,811   72,627,418   57,608,771   6,957,995   72,627,418   64,566,766   137,194,184   (18,860,924 )   118,333,260   — Management Business Chicago, IL   (D)   —   —   —   97,861,963   —   97,861,963   97,861,963   (74,865,128 )   22,996,835   — Operating Partnership Chicago, IL   (F)   —   —   680,439   —   —   680,439   680,439   —   680,439   — Wholly Owned Unencumbered         67,220   4,699,200,739   11,787,198,737   900,502,358   4,699,200,739   12,687,701,095   17,386,901,834   (3,177,396,618 )   14,209,505,216   — Wholly Owned Encumbered:                                               101 West End New York, NY (G)   2000   506   190,600,000   133,101,447   561,190   190,600,000   133,662,637   324,262,637   (15,552,330 )   308,710,307   103,482,569 1401 Joyce on Pentagon Row Arlington, VA   2004   326   9,780,000   89,668,165   469,955   9,780,000   90,138,120   99,918,120   (18,835,680 )   81,082,440   57,428,472 2501 Porter Washington, D.C.   1988   202   13,000,000   75,723,794   580,537   13,000,000   76,304,331   89,304,331   (5,005,664 )   84,298,667    (L) 4701 Willard Ave Chevy Chase, MD (G)   1966   513   76,921,130   153,947,682   6,804,185   76,921,130   160,751,867   237,672,997   (17,490,985 )   220,182,012   101,492,308 55 West Fifth I & II (fka Townhouse Plaza and Gardens) San Mateo, CA   1964/1972   241   21,041,710   71,931,323   4,270,861   21,041,710   76,202,184   97,243,894   (6,417,972 )   90,825,922   29,964,633 S-9 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances 929 House Cambridge, MA (G)   1975   127   3,252,993   21,745,595   5,251,116   3,252,993   26,996,711   30,249,704   (12,478,794 )   17,770,910   2,135,579 Academy Village North Hollywood, CA   1989   248   25,000,000   23,593,194   6,920,021   25,000,000   30,513,215   55,513,215   (12,789,197 )   42,724,018   20,000,000 Acappella Pasadena, CA   2002   143   5,839,548   29,360,452   336,928   5,839,548   29,697,380   35,536,928   (5,125,356 )   30,411,572   20,122,719 Acton Courtyard Berkeley, CA (G)   2003   71   5,550,000   15,785,509   159,258   5,550,000   15,944,767   21,494,767   (4,558,047 )   16,936,720   9,920,000 Alborada Fremont, CA   1999   442   24,310,000   59,214,129   2,849,892   24,310,000   62,064,021   86,374,021   (29,612,754 )   56,761,267    (I) Arches, The Sunnyvale, CA   1974   410   26,650,000   62,850,000   696,941   26,650,000   63,546,941   90,196,941   (9,829,040 )   80,367,901    (J) Artech Building Berkeley, CA (G)   2002   21   1,642,000   9,152,518   114,811   1,642,000   9,267,329   10,909,329   (2,421,777 )   8,487,552   3,200,000 Artisan Square Northridge, CA   2002   140   7,000,000   20,537,359   977,155   7,000,000   21,514,514   28,514,514   (8,466,816 )   20,047,698   22,779,715 Avanti Anaheim, CA   1987   162   12,960,000   18,497,683   1,248,387   12,960,000   19,746,070   32,706,070   (6,504,421 )   26,201,649   18,169,458 Avenir Boston, MA (G)   2009   241   —   115,095,512   94,558   —   115,190,070   115,190,070   (8,460,359 )   106,729,711   95,993,276 Bachenheimer Building Berkeley, CA (G)   2004   44   3,439,000   13,866,379   115,944   3,439,000   13,982,323   17,421,323   (3,775,179 )   13,646,144   8,585,000 Bella Vista I, II, III Combined Woodland Hills, CA   2003-2007   579   31,682,754   121,095,786   2,565,629   31,682,754   123,661,415   155,344,169   (36,751,609 )   118,592,560   58,055,099 Berkeleyan Berkeley, CA (G)   1998   56   4,377,000   16,022,110   305,173   4,377,000   16,327,283   20,704,283   (4,544,908 )   16,159,375   8,290,000 Breakwater at Marina Del Rey Marina Del Rey, CA   1964-1969   224   —   72,690,403   49,738   —   72,740,141   72,740,141   (5,675,272 )   67,064,869   27,000,000 Broadway Santa Monica, CA (G)   2001   101   12,600,000   34,635,854   128,778   12,600,000   34,764,632   47,364,632   (2,310,263 )   45,054,369    (L) Calvert Woodley Washington, D.C.   1962   136   12,600,000   43,815,169   110,763   12,600,000   43,925,932   56,525,932   (3,478,526 )   53,047,406    (L) Camargue New York, NY (G)   1976   261   79,400,000   79,936,285   238,142   79,400,000   80,174,427   159,574,427   (8,175,241 )   151,399,186    (L) Canterbury Germantown, MD   1986   544   2,781,300   32,942,531   14,871,303   2,781,300   47,813,834   50,595,134   (31,347,905 )   19,247,229   31,680,000 Carmel Terrace San Diego, CA   1988-1989   384   2,288,300   20,596,281   10,356,205   2,288,300   30,952,486   33,240,786   (21,171,170 )   12,069,616    (J) Chelsea New York, NY (G)   2003   266   59,900,000   156,987,648   54,996   59,900,000   157,042,644   216,942,644   (11,425,444 )   205,517,200   75,818,310 Chelsea Square Redmond, WA   1991   113   3,397,100   9,289,074   1,706,006   3,397,100   10,995,080   14,392,180   (5,903,575 )   8,488,605   9,270,000 Church Corner Cambridge, MA (G)   1987   85   5,220,000   16,744,643   1,561,158   5,220,000   18,305,801   23,525,801   (6,372,695 )   17,153,106   12,000,000 Citrus Suites Santa Monica, CA   1978   70   9,000,000   17,083,391   34,231   9,000,000   17,117,622   26,117,622   (1,246,430 )   24,871,192    (L) City Pointe Fullerton, CA (G)   2004   183   6,863,792   36,476,208   654,735   6,863,792   37,130,943   43,994,735   (7,526,423 )   36,468,312   22,016,556 CityView at Longwood Boston, MA (G)   1970   295   14,704,898   79,195,102   8,167,305   14,704,898   87,362,407   102,067,305   (13,768,517 )   88,298,788   24,709,587 Clarendon, The Arlington, VA (G)   2005   292   30,400,340   103,824,660   1,754,620   30,400,340   105,579,280   135,979,620   (14,363,043 )   121,616,577   43,026,348 Cleveland House Washington, D.C.   1953   214   18,300,000   66,826,715   171,023   18,300,000   66,997,738   85,297,738   (4,962,013 )   80,335,725    (L) Colorado Pointe Denver, CO   2006   193   5,790,000   28,815,607   552,283   5,790,000   29,367,890   35,157,890   (9,575,767 )   25,582,123    (J) Columbia Crossing Arlington, VA   1991   247   23,500,000   53,437,514   547,130   23,500,000   53,984,644   77,484,644   (4,430,068 )   73,054,576    (L) Connecticut Heights Washington, D.C.   1974   518   27,600,000   114,728,311   303,660   27,600,000   115,031,971   142,631,971   (8,350,350 )   134,281,621    (K) Copper Canyon Highlands Ranch, CO   1999   222   1,442,212   16,251,114   1,604,884   1,442,212   17,855,998   19,298,210   (9,313,767 )   9,984,443    (J) Deerwood (SD) San Diego, CA   1990   316   2,082,095   18,739,815   13,788,977   2,082,095   32,528,792   34,610,887   (22,264,629 )   12,346,258    (J) Del Mar Ridge San Diego, CA   1998   181   7,801,824   36,948,176   3,033,539   7,801,824   39,981,715   47,783,539   (8,503,934 )   39,279,605   23,789,381 East 39th New York, NY (G)   2001   254   48,900,000   96,938,591   208,601   48,900,000   97,147,192   146,047,192   (7,978,821 )   138,068,371   58,822,321 Estates at Tanglewood Westminster, CO   2003   504   7,560,000   51,256,538   2,577,858   7,560,000   53,834,396   61,394,396   (18,061,981 )   43,332,415    (I) Fairchase Fairfax, VA   2007   392   23,500,000   88,292,669   75,367   23,500,000   88,368,036   111,868,036   (6,417,469 )   105,450,567    (L) Fairfield Stamford, CT (G)   1996   263   6,510,200   39,690,120   6,195,719   6,510,200   45,885,839   52,396,039   (25,583,560 )   26,812,479   34,595,000 Fine Arts Building Berkeley, CA (G)   2004   100   7,817,000   26,462,772   199,005   7,817,000   26,661,777   34,478,777   (7,380,682 )   27,098,095   16,215,000 Flats at DuPont Circle Washington, D.C.   1967   306   35,200,000   109,508,602   182,015   35,200,000   109,690,617   144,890,617   (7,612,197 )   137,278,420    (L) Gaia Building Berkeley, CA (G)   2000   91   7,113,000   25,623,826   208,640   7,113,000   25,832,466   32,945,466   (7,139,073 )   25,806,393   14,630,000 Gaithersburg Station Gaithersburg, MD (G)   2013   389   17,500,000   74,677,374   37,618   17,500,000   74,714,992   92,214,992   (4,245,768 )   87,969,224   99,939,735 Gateway at Malden Center Malden, MA (G)   1988   203   9,209,780   25,722,666   9,753,016   9,209,780   35,475,682   44,685,462   (15,740,054 )   28,945,408   14,970,000 Glo Los Angeles, CA (G)   2008   201   16,047,022   48,650,963   221,243   16,047,022   48,872,206   64,919,228   (5,955,017 )   58,964,211   31,789,016 Hathaway Long Beach, CA   1987   385   2,512,500   22,611,912   7,390,659   2,512,500   30,002,571   32,515,071   (19,468,132 )   13,046,939   46,517,800 Heights on Capitol Hill Seattle, WA (G)   2006   104   5,425,000   21,138,028   181,923   5,425,000   21,319,951   26,744,951   (6,240,631 )   20,504,320   28,180,585 Heritage at Stone Ridge Burlington, MA   2005   180   10,800,000   31,808,335   909,763   10,800,000   32,718,098   43,518,098   (10,781,687 )   32,736,411   27,235,117 Heronfield Kirkland, WA   1990   202   9,245,000   27,017,749   1,544,319   9,245,000   28,562,068   37,807,068   (8,710,641 )   29,096,427    (J) Hoboken Hoboken, NJ   2000   301   27,900,000   170,002,320   166,997   27,900,000   170,169,317   198,069,317   (10,444,060 )   187,625,257    (K) S-10 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Ivory Wood Bothell, WA   2000   144   2,732,800   13,888,282   679,844   2,732,800   14,568,126   17,300,926   (5,337,998 )   11,962,928   8,020,000 Kelvin Court (fka Alta Pacific) Irvine, CA   2008   132   10,752,145   34,649,929   163,968   10,752,145   34,813,897   45,566,042   (7,190,325 )   38,375,717   26,495,000 La Terrazza at Colma Station Colma, CA (G)   2005   153   —   41,251,044   615,479   —   41,866,523   41,866,523   (11,499,213 )   30,367,310   25,175,000 Laguna Clara Santa Clara, CA   1972   264   13,642,420   29,707,475   4,094,793   13,642,420   33,802,268   47,444,688   (13,238,970 )   34,205,718    (J) Liberty Park Brain Tree, MA   2000   202   5,977,504   26,749,111   2,759,086   5,977,504   29,508,197   35,485,701   (11,871,567 )   23,614,134   24,980,280 Liberty Tower Arlington, VA (G)   2008   235   16,382,822   83,817,078   858,516   16,382,822   84,675,594   101,058,416   (14,112,008 )   86,946,408   47,439,130 Lindley Encino, CA   2004   129   5,805,000   25,705,000   599,231   5,805,000   26,304,231   32,109,231   (4,053,076 )   28,056,155   21,088,981 Longview Place Waltham, MA   2004   348   20,880,000   90,255,509   3,174,207   20,880,000   93,429,716   114,309,716   (28,207,183 )   86,102,533   60,073,423 Market Street Village San Diego, CA   2006   229   13,740,000   40,757,301   884,586   13,740,000   41,641,887   55,381,887   (12,253,028 )   43,128,859    (J) Marks Englewood, CO (G)   1987   616   4,928,500   44,622,314   11,262,819   4,928,500   55,885,133   60,813,633   (31,863,973 )   28,949,660   19,195,000 Metro on First Seattle, WA (G)   2002   102   8,540,000   12,209,981   415,057   8,540,000   12,625,038   21,165,038   (4,042,522 )   17,122,516   22,843,410 Midtown 24 Plantation, FL (G)   2010   247   10,129,900   58,770,100   1,225,984   10,129,900   59,996,084   70,125,984   (8,339,616 )   61,786,368    (J) Mill Creek Milpitas, CA   1991   516   12,858,693   57,168,503   3,728,226   12,858,693   60,896,729   73,755,422   (23,694,689 )   50,060,733   69,312,259 Miramar Lakes Miramar, FL   2003   344   17,200,000   51,487,235   2,023,326   17,200,000   53,510,561   70,710,561   (17,652,020 )   53,058,541    (M) Moda Seattle, WA (G)   2009   251   12,649,228   36,842,012   687,636   12,649,228   37,529,648   50,178,876   (6,097,337 )   44,081,539    (N) Monte Viejo Phoenix, AZ   2004   480   12,700,000   45,926,784   1,259,854   12,700,000   47,186,638   59,886,638   (17,013,895 )   42,872,743   39,539,109 Montierra (CA) San Diego, CA   1990   272   8,160,000   29,360,938   7,185,662   8,160,000   36,546,600   44,706,600   (18,654,006 )   26,052,594    (J) Mosaic at Metro Hyattsville, MD   2008   260   —   59,580,898   318,502   —   59,899,400   59,899,400   (11,320,611 )   48,578,789   43,807,598 New River Cove Davie, FL   1999   316   15,800,000   46,142,895   1,517,594   15,800,000   47,660,489   63,460,489   (15,794,393 )   47,666,096    (J) North Pier at Harborside Jersey City, NJ   2003   297   4,000,159   94,290,590   2,379,299   4,000,159   96,669,889   100,670,048   (32,540,349 )   68,129,699    (I) Northpark Burlingame, CA   1972   510   38,607,000   77,477,449   10,317,077   38,607,000   87,794,526   126,401,526   (16,582,733 )   109,818,793   64,865,644 Oak Mill II Germantown, MD   1985   192   854,133   10,233,947   6,491,391   854,133   16,725,338   17,579,471   (10,918,229 )   6,661,242   9,600,000 Oaks Santa Clarita, CA   2000   520   23,400,000   61,020,438   3,457,727   23,400,000   64,478,165   87,878,165   (24,819,377 )   63,058,788   38,268,889 Olympus Towers Seattle, WA (G)   2000   328   14,752,034   73,335,425   3,951,724   14,752,034   77,287,149   92,039,183   (27,657,976 )   64,381,207   49,875,780 Promenade Santa Monica, CA (G)   1934/2001   58   9,000,000   14,079,234   25,302   9,000,000   14,104,536   23,104,536   (1,450,445 )   21,654,091    (L) Providence Bothell, WA   2000   200   3,573,621   19,055,505   719,661   3,573,621   19,775,166   23,348,787   (7,384,385 )   15,964,402    (I) Reserve at Clarendon Centre, The Arlington, VA (G)   2003   252   10,500,000   52,812,935   3,634,286   10,500,000   56,447,221   66,947,221   (20,344,998 )   46,602,223    (J) Reserve at Eisenhower, The Alexandria, VA   2002   226   6,500,000   34,585,060   1,325,152   6,500,000   35,910,212   42,410,212   (13,939,522 )   28,470,690    (J) Reserve at Empire Lakes Rancho Cucamonga, CA   2005   467   16,345,000   73,080,670   1,922,681   16,345,000   75,003,351   91,348,351   (23,271,791 )   68,076,560    (I) Reserve at Fairfax Corner Fairfax, VA   2001   652   15,804,057   63,129,050   4,057,506   15,804,057   67,186,556   82,990,613   (27,294,907 )   55,695,706   84,778,876 Reserve at Potomac Yard Alexandria, VA   2002   588   11,918,917   68,862,641   5,233,629   11,918,917   74,096,270   86,015,187   (26,089,157 )   59,926,030   66,470,000 Reserve at Town Center (WA) Mill Creek, WA   2001   389   10,369,400   41,172,081   2,154,112   10,369,400   43,326,193   53,695,593   (15,561,433 )   38,134,160   29,160,000 Rianna II Seattle, WA (G)   2002   78   2,161,840   14,433,614   73,166   2,161,840   14,506,780   16,668,620   (3,061,770 )   13,606,850   9,889,090 Rockingham Glen West Roxbury, MA   1974   143   1,124,217   7,515,160   2,012,885   1,124,217   9,528,045   10,652,262   (4,830,794 )   5,821,468   927,712 San Mateo San Mateo, CA (G)   2001   575   71,900,000   213,372,253   662,020   71,900,000   214,034,273   285,934,273   (14,976,876 )   270,957,397    (L) Santa Clara Santa Clara, CA   2000   450   —   124,542,070   239,471   —   124,781,541   124,781,541   (8,966,799 )   115,814,742    (L) Siena Terrace Lake Forest, CA   1988   356   8,900,000   24,083,024   5,585,518   8,900,000   29,668,542   38,568,542   (14,937,859 )   23,630,683   38,440,808 Skyview Rancho Santa Margarita, CA   1999   260   3,380,000   21,952,863   2,131,723   3,380,000   24,084,586   27,464,586   (12,416,719 )   15,047,867   30,889,928 South Market San Francisco, CA (G)   1986   410   79,900,000   178,635,578   1,278,976   79,900,000   179,914,554   259,814,554   (13,042,186 )   246,772,368    (L) South Winds Fall River, MA   1971   404   2,481,821   16,780,359   4,774,276   2,481,821   21,554,635   24,036,456   (11,230,606 )   12,805,850   3,092,625 Stonegate (CO) Broomfield, CO   2003   350   8,750,000   32,950,375   3,114,108   8,750,000   36,064,483   44,814,483   (12,690,883 )   32,123,600    (I) Stoney Ridge Dale City, VA   1985   264   8,000,000   24,147,091   5,705,255   8,000,000   29,852,346   37,852,346   (11,944,034 )   25,908,312   13,886,034 Summerset Village Chatsworth, CA   1985   280   2,629,804   23,670,889   6,252,474   2,629,804   29,923,363   32,553,167   (17,328,409 )   15,224,758   38,039,912 Talleyrand Tarrytown, NY   1997-1998   300   12,000,000   49,838,160   4,046,367   12,000,000   53,884,527   65,884,527   (23,842,054 )   42,042,473   35,000,000 Teresina Chula Vista, CA   2000   440   28,600,000   61,916,670   2,255,817   28,600,000   64,172,487   92,772,487   (20,981,272 )   71,791,215   41,956,105 Toscana Irvine, CA   1991/1993   563   39,410,000   50,806,072   7,547,102   39,410,000   58,353,174   97,763,174   (28,234,404 )   69,528,770   71,243,194 Touriel Building Berkeley, CA (G)   2004   35   2,736,000   7,810,027   170,436   2,736,000   7,980,463   10,716,463   (2,276,033 )   8,440,430   5,050,000 Town Square at Mark Center I (fka Millbrook I) Alexandria, VA   1996   406   24,360,000   86,178,714   2,852,824   24,360,000   89,031,538   113,391,538   (28,837,370 )   84,554,168   77,353,222 S-11 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   Description       Initial Cost to                                Company    Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition(Improvements, net) (E)   Gross Amount Carried                             at Close of                                                 Period 12/31/13                 Apartment Name Location    Date of Construction   Units (H)   Land    Building & Fixtures    Building & Fixtures   Land    Building & Fixtures (A)   Total (B)   Accumulated Depreciation (C) Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/13 (B) Encumbrances Uptown Square Denver, CO (G)   1999/2001   696   17,492,000   100,696,541   3,261,624   17,492,000   103,958,165   121,450,165   (35,022,638 )   86,427,527   99,190,116 Van Ness Washington, D.C.   1970   625   56,300,000   142,204,077   1,315,370   56,300,000   143,519,447   199,819,447   (11,899,235 )   187,920,212    (K) Versailles Woodland Hills, CA   1991   253   12,650,000   33,656,292   4,979,374   12,650,000   38,635,666   51,285,666   (15,459,664 )   35,826,002   30,372,953 Versailles (K-Town) Los Angeles, CA   2008   225   10,590,975   44,409,025   291,622   10,590,975   44,700,647   55,291,622   (8,870,160 )   46,421,462   29,826,475 Victor on Venice Los Angeles, CA (G)   2006   115   10,350,000   35,433,437   261,071   10,350,000   35,694,508   46,044,508   (10,004,367 )   36,040,141    (J) Vintage Ontario, CA   2005-2007   300   7,059,230   47,677,762   367,174   7,059,230   48,044,936   55,104,166   (14,167,823 )   40,936,343   33,000,000 Vista on Courthouse Arlington, VA   2008   220   15,550,260   69,449,740   643,404   15,550,260   70,093,144   85,643,404   (13,517,115 )   72,126,289   31,380,000 Water Park Towers Arlington, VA   1989   362   34,400,000   109,218,415   1,853,467   34,400,000   111,071,882   145,471,882   (8,181,264 )   137,290,618    (K) West 54th New York, NY (G)   2001   222   60,900,000   48,772,556   134,368   60,900,000   48,906,924   109,806,924   (5,718,712 )   104,088,212   46,390,558 Westgate (fka Westgate I) Pasadena, CA   2010   480   22,898,848   133,553,242   278,435   22,898,848   133,831,677   156,730,525   (13,887,631 )   142,842,894   96,935,000 Woodleaf Campbell, CA   1984   178   8,550,600   16,988,182   3,978,891   8,550,600   20,967,073   29,517,673   (10,546,255 )   18,971,418   17,858,854 Wholly Owned Encumbered         32,101   1,935,536,426   6,183,275,205   279,055,895   1,935,536,426   6,462,331,100   8,397,867,526   (1,457,510,357 )   6,940,357,169   2,703,534,549 Partially Owned Unencumbered:                                               2300 Elliott Seattle, WA   1992   92   796,800   7,173,725   6,169,587   796,800   13,343,312   14,140,112   (9,199,580 )   4,940,532   — 400 Park Avenue South (EQR) New York, NY   (F)   —   76,292,169   96,230,632   —   76,292,169   96,230,632   172,522,801   —   172,522,801   — 400 Park Avenue South (Toll) New York, NY   (F)   —   58,090,357   38,681,373   —   58,090,357   38,681,373   96,771,730   —   96,771,730   — Canyon Ridge San Diego, CA   1989   162   4,869,448   11,955,063   1,979,252   4,869,448   13,934,315   18,803,763   (8,130,970 )   10,672,793   — Country Oaks Agoura Hills, CA   1985   256   6,105,000   29,561,865   3,477,905   6,105,000   33,039,770   39,144,770   (14,454,678 )   24,690,092   — East Palmetto Park Boca Raton, FL   (F)   —   20,200,000   281,641   —   20,200,000   281,641   20,481,641   —   20,481,641   — Fox Ridge Englewood, CO   1984   300   2,490,000   17,522,114   4,304,324   2,490,000   21,826,438   24,316,438   (10,802,571 )   13,513,867   — Hudson Crossing II New York, NY   (F)   —   5,000,000   —   —   5,000,000   —   5,000,000   —   5,000,000   — Monterra in Mill Creek Mill Creek, WA   2003   139   2,800,000   13,255,122   554,347   2,800,000   13,809,469   16,609,469   (4,616,186 )   11,993,283   — Park Aire Wellington, FL   (F)   —   8,000,000   39,445,363   —   8,000,000   39,445,363   47,445,363   —   47,445,363   — Strayhorse at Arrowhead Ranch Glendale, AZ   1998   136   4,400,000   12,968,002   377,633   4,400,000   13,345,635   17,745,635   (4,432,500 )   13,313,135   — Ventura Ventura, CA   2002   192   8,600,000   44,580,294   121,646   8,600,000   44,701,940   53,301,940   (3,355,103 )   49,946,837   — Wood Creek II (fka Willow Brook) Pleasant Hill, CA   1985   228   5,055,000   38,388,672   3,585,226   5,055,000   41,973,898   47,028,898   (14,964,187 )   32,064,711   — Partially Owned Unencumbered       1,505   202,698,774   350,043,866   20,569,920   202,698,774   370,613,786   573,312,560   (69,955,775 )   503,356,785   — Partially Owned Encumbered:                                               Bellevue Meadows Bellevue, WA   1983   180   4,507,100   12,574,814   4,287,572   4,507,100   16,862,386   21,369,486   (9,678,161 )   11,691,325   16,538,000 Canyon Creek (CA) San Ramon, CA   1984   268   5,425,000   18,812,120   6,335,761   5,425,000   25,147,881   30,572,881   (11,655,149 )   18,917,732   28,200,000 Elliot Bay Seattle, WA (G)   1992   147   7,600,000   36,066,728   424,904   7,600,000   36,491,632   44,091,632   (2,384,136 )   41,707,496    (K) Isle at Arrowhead Ranch Glendale, AZ   1996   256   1,650,237   19,593,123   1,988,568   1,650,237   21,581,691   23,231,928   (12,232,711 )   10,999,217   17,700,000 Lantern Cove Foster City, CA   1985   232   6,945,000   23,064,976   5,303,293   6,945,000   28,368,269   35,313,269   (12,461,380 )   22,851,889   36,455,000 Rosecliff Quincy, MA   1990   156   5,460,000   15,721,570   2,387,533   5,460,000   18,109,103   23,569,103   (9,071,317 )   14,497,786   17,400,000 Schooner Bay I Foster City, CA   1985   168   5,345,000   20,390,618   4,467,622   5,345,000   24,858,240   30,203,240   (10,916,753 )   19,286,487   28,870,000 Schooner Bay II Foster City, CA   1985   144   4,550,000   18,064,764   4,093,294   4,550,000   22,158,058   26,708,058   (9,848,801 )   16,859,257   26,175,000 Surrey Downs Bellevue, WA   1986   122   3,057,100   7,848,618   2,309,004   3,057,100   10,157,622   13,214,722   (5,582,575 )   7,632,147   9,829,000 Virgil Square Los Angeles, CA   1979   142   5,500,000   15,216,613   1,659,199   5,500,000   16,875,812   22,375,812   (5,932,912 )   16,442,900   9,900,000 Wisconsin Place Chevy Chase, MD   2009   432   —   172,089,355   126,994   —   172,216,349   172,216,349   (13,082,677 )   159,133,672   143,605,310 Partially Owned Encumbered         2,247   50,039,437   359,443,299   33,383,744   50,039,437   392,827,043   442,866,480   (102,846,572 )   340,019,908   334,672,310 Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances (1)                                           2,135,958,561 Total Consolidated Investment in Real Estate         103,073   $ 6,887,475,376   $ 18,679,961,107   $ 1,233,511,917   $ 6,887,475,376   $ 19,913,473,024   $ 26,800,948,400   $ (4,807,709,322 )   $ 21,993,239,078   $ 5,174,165,420 (1) See attached Encumbrances Reconciliation S-12 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2013   NOTES: (A) The balance of furniture & fixtures included in the total investment in real estate amount was  $1,214,220,221  as of  December 31, 2013 . (B) The cost, net of accumulated depreciation, for Federal Income Tax purposes as of  December 31, 2013  was approximately  $15.2 billion . (C) The life to compute depreciation for building is  30  years, for building improvements ranges from  5  to  15  years, for furniture & fixtures and replacements is  5  to  10  years, and for lease intangibles is the average remaining term of each respective lease. (D) This asset consists of various acquisition dates and largely represents furniture, fixtures and equipment, leasehold improvements and capitalized software costs owned by the Management Business, which are generally depreciated over periods ranging from  3  to  7  years. (E) Primarily represents capital expenditures for major maintenance and replacements incurred subsequent to each property’s acquisition date. (F) Represents land and/or construction-in-progress on projects either held for future development or projects currently under development. (G) A portion or all of these properties includes commercial space (retail, parking and/or office space). (H) Total properties and units exclude  four  unconsolidated properties containing  1,669  apartment units and  two  Military Housing properties containing  5,113  units. (I) through (L) See Encumbrances Reconciliation schedule. (M) Boot property for Freddie Mac mortgage pool.  (N) Boot Property for Bond Partnership mortgage pool. S-13 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report. References to exhibits or other filings under the caption “Location” indicate that the exhibit or other filing has been filed, that the indexed exhibit and the exhibit referred to are the same and that the exhibit referred to is incorporated by reference. The Commission file numbers for our Exchange Act filings referenced below are 1-12252 (Equity Residential) and 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) Exhibit   Description   Location 3.1   Articles of Restatement of Declaration of Trust of Equity Residential dated December 9, 2004.   Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 3.2   Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Equity Residential, effective as of December 14, 2010.   Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential's Form 8-K dated and filed on December 14, 2010. 3.3   Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership for ERP Operating Limited Partnership dated as of March 12, 2009.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated March 12, 2009, filed on March 18, 2009. 4.1   Indenture, dated October 1, 1994, between the Operating Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (“Indenture”).   Included as Exhibit 4(a) to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form S-3 filed on October 7, 1994. 4.2   First Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of September 9, 2004.   Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on September 10, 2004. 4.3   Second Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2006.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K dated August 16, 2006, filed on August 23, 2006. 4.4   Third Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2007.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K dated May 30, 2007, filed on June 1, 2007. 4.5   Fourth Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2011.   Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated December 7, 2011, filed on December 9, 2011. 4.6   Form of 5.25% Note due September 15, 2014.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on September 10, 2004. 4.7   Terms Agreement regarding 6.63% (subsequently remarketed to a 6.584% fixed rate) Notes due April 13, 2015.   Included as Exhibit 1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on April 13, 1998. 4.8   Terms Agreement regarding 5.125% Notes due March 15, 2016.   Included as Exhibit 1.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on September 13, 2005. 4.9   Form of 5.375% Note due August 1, 2016.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K dated January 11, 2006, filed on January 18, 2006. 4.10   Form of 5.75% Note due June 15, 2017.   Included as Exhibit 4.3 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K dated May 30, 2007, filed on June 1, 2007. 4.11   Terms Agreement regarding 7 1 / 8 % Notes due October 15, 2017.   Included as Exhibit 1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on October 9, 1997. 4.12   Form of 4.75% Note due July 15, 2020.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K dated July 12, 2010, filed on July 15, 2010. 4.13   Form of 4.625% Note due December 15, 2021.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated December 7, 2011, filed on December 9, 2011. 4.14   Form of 3.00% Note due April 15, 2023.   Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated April 3, 2013, filed on April 8, 2013. 4.15   Terms Agreement regarding 7.57% Notes due August 15, 2026.   Included as Exhibit 1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s Form 8-K, filed on August 13, 1996. 10.1 * Noncompetition Agreement (Zell).   Included as an exhibit to Equity Residential's Form S-11 Registration Statement, File No. 33-63158. 10.2 * Noncompetition Agreement (Spector).   Included as an exhibit to Equity Residential's Form S-11 Registration Statement, File No. 33-63158. 10.3 * Form of Noncompetition Agreement (other officers).   Included as an exhibit to Equity Residential's Form S-11 Registration Statement, File No. 33-63158. Table of Contents Exhibit   Description   Location 10.4   Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 11, 2013 among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, and a syndicate of other banks (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”).   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 11, 2013, filed January 15, 2013. 10.5   Guaranty of Payment made as of January 11, 2013 between Equity Residential and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the banks party to the Revolving Credit Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 11, 2013, filed January 15, 2013. 10.6   Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2011 among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, Suntrust Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents, and Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Co-Documentation Agents, and a syndicate of other banks (the “Credit Agreement”).   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated July 13, 2011, filed on July 14, 2011. 10.7   Guaranty of Payment made as of July 13, 2011 between Equity Residential and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the banks party to the Credit Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated July 13, 2011, filed on July 14, 2011. 10.8   Amendment No.1 to Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 6, 2012 among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, Suntrust Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents, and Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Co-Documentation Agents, and a syndicate of other banks.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 6, 2012, filed on January 9, 2012. 10.9   Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 11, 2013 among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, and a syndicate of other banks (the “Term Loan Agreement”).   Included as Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 11, 2013, filed January 15, 2013. 10.10   Guaranty of Payment made as of January 11, 2013 between Equity Residential and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the banks party to the Term Loan Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.4 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 11, 2013, filed January 15, 2013. 10.11   Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, by and among Federal National Mortgage Association and ASN Santa Monica LLC, et al.   Included as Exhibit 10.7 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.12   Amended and Restated Fixed Loan Note (Collateral Pool 3), dated February 27, 2013, executed by ASN Santa Monica LLC, et al. in favor of Federal National Mortgage Association.   Included as Exhibit 10.8 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.13   Amended and Restated Fixed Loan Note (Collateral Pool 4), dated February 27, 2013, executed by Archstone Playa Del Rey LLC, et al. in favor of Federal National Mortgage Association.   Included as Exhibit 10.9 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. Table of Contents Exhibit   Description   Location 10.14   Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Lexford Properties, L.P.   Included as Exhibit 10.16 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999. 10.15 * Equity Residential 2011 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 99.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated June 16, 2011, filed on June 22, 2011. 10.16 * First Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012. 10.17 * Second Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013. 10.18 * Equity Residential Second Restated 2002 Share Incentive Plan dated December 10, 2008.   Included as Exhibit 10.15 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 10.19 * First Amendment to Second Restated 2002 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2010. 10.20 * Second Amendment to Second Restated 2002 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2011. 10.21 * Third Amendment to Second Restated 2002 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012. 10.22 * Fourth Amendment to Second Restated 2002 Share Incentive Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013. 10.23 * Equity Residential Amended and Restated 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.11 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 10.24 * First Amendment to Equity Residential 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003. 10.25 * Second Amendment to Equity Residential 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.20 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 10.26 * Third Amendment to Equity Residential 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2007. 10.27 * Fourth Amendment to Equity Residential 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. 10.28 * Fifth Amendment to Equity Residential 1993 Share Option and Share Award Plan dated December 10, 2008.   Included as Exhibit 10.21 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 10.29 * Form of Change in Control Agreement between the Company and other executive officers.   Included as Exhibit 10.13 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 10.30 * Form of First Amendment to Amended and Restated Change in Control/Severance Agreement with each executive officer.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. 10.31 * Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each trustee and executive officer.   Included as Exhibit 10.18 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 10.32 * Form of Letter Agreement between Equity Residential and each of David J. Neithercut, Frederick C. Tuomi, Alan W. George and Bruce C. Strohm.   Included as Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. 10.33 * Form of Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.24 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 10.34 * Retirement Benefits Agreement between Samuel Zell and the Company dated October 18, 2001.   Included as Exhibit 10.18 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 10.35 * Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Company and Gerald A. Spector dated January 1, 2002.   Included as Exhibit 10.17 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 10.36 * Change in Control Agreement dated as of March 13, 2009 by and between Equity Residential and Mark J. Parrell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated March 12, 2009, filed on March 18, 2009. 10.37 * Separation Agreement, dated August 28, 2012, by and between Equity Residential and Frederick C. Tuomi.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012. Table of Contents Exhibit   Description   Location 10.38 * The Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2012.   Included as Exhibit 10.31 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 10.39 * Amendment to the Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.   Included as Exhibit 10.34 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 10.40 * Second Amendment to the Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.   Attached herein. 10.41 * The Equity Residential Grandfathered Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2005.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2008. 10.42   Second Amended and Restated Sales Agency Financing Agreement, dated July 31, 2013, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.   Included as Exhibit 1.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on July 31, 2013. 10.43   Amended and Restated Sales Agency Financing Agreement, dated July 31, 2013, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC.   Included as Exhibit 1.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on July 31, 2013. 10.44   Second Amended and Restated Sales Agency Financing Agreement, dated July 31, 2013, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.   Included as Exhibit 1.3 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on July 31, 2013. 10.45   Second Amended and Restated Sales Agency Financing Agreement, dated July 31, 2013, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC.   Included as Exhibit 1.4 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on July 31, 2013. 10.46   Sales Agency Financing Agreement, dated July 31, 2013, among the Company, the Operating Partnership and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.   Included as Exhibit 1.5 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on July 31, 2013. 10.47   Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 26, 2012, by and among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Equity Residential, AvalonBay Communities, Inc., Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. and Archstone Enterprise LP.   Included as Exhibit 2.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on November 26, 2012. 10.48   Real Estate Sale Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2013 (executed January 4, 2013), by and among certain subsidiaries of ERP Operating Limited Partnership and GSG Residential Portfolio LLC.   Included as Exhibit 2.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 4, 2013, filed January 7, 2013. 10.49   Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, by and between Equity Residential, Archstone Enterprise LP (which subsequently changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP) and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.   Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.50   Shareholders Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, by and among Equity Residential, Archstone Enterprise LP (which subsequently changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP) and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.   Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.51   Archstone Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.52   Archstone Parallel Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.4 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.53   Archstone Parallel Residual JV 2, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.5 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 10.54   Legacy Holdings JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement.   Included as Exhibit 10.6 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. Table of Contents Exhibit   Description   Location 12   Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges.   Attached herein. 21   List of Subsidiaries of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership.   Attached herein. 23.1   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP - Equity Residential.   Attached herein. 23.2   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP - ERP Operating Limited Partnership.   Attached herein. 24   Power of Attorney.   See the signature page to this report. 31.1   Equity Residential - Certification of David J. Neithercut, Chief Executive Officer.   Attached herein. 31.2   Equity Residential - Certification of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Financial Officer.   Attached herein. 31.3   ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification of David J. Neithercut, Chief Executive Officer of Registrant's General Partner.   Attached herein. 31.4   ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Financial Officer of Registrant's General Partner.   Attached herein. 32.1   Equity Residential - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of David J. Neithercut, Chief Executive Officer of the Company.   Attached herein. 32.2   Equity Residential - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company.   Attached herein. 32.3   ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of David J. Neithercut, Chief Executive Officer of Registrant's General Partner.   Attached herein. 32.4   ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Financial Officer of Registrant's General Partner.   Attached herein. 101   XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from Equity Residential’s and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, formatted in XBRL: (i) consolidated balance sheets, (ii) consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, (iii) consolidated statements of cash flows, (iv) consolidated statements of changes in equity (Equity Residential), (v) consolidated statements of changes in capital (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) and (vi) notes to consolidated financial statements.   Attached herein. *Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements filed as exhibits to this report are identified by an asterisk. 	 
 
 
 
