
 10-K
 1
 geform10k2013.htm
 GE FORM 10-K 2013
 
 
 
     geform10k2013.htm 
     
     
     
 
 
 
  United States Securities and Exchange Commission 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

   

 FORM 10-K 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 
 
 þ  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 
    
 
 
 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 or 
 
 
 
 ¨  Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 
    
 
 
 For the transition period from ___________to ___________ 
 
 
    
 
 
 Commission file number 001-00035 
 
 
    
 
 
 General Electric Company 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 New York 
 
    
    
    
 
 14-0689340 
 
 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
    
    
    
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
    
    
    
    
    
 
 
 3135 Easton Turnpike, Fairfield, CT 
 
    
 
 06828-0001 
 
    
 
 203/373-2211 
 
 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
    
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
    
 
 (Telephone No.) 
 
 
    
    
    
    
    
 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 
 
 Title of each class 
 
    
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 
 
 Common stock, par value $0.06 per share 
 
    
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 
    
 
 
 (Title of class) 
 
 
 

 
 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  þ  No  ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  ¨  No  þ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  þ  No  ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  þ  No  ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

   

 
 
 
 
 Large accelerated filer  þ 
 
 
 Accelerated filer  ¨ 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer  ¨ 
 
 
 Smaller reporting company  ¨ 
 
 
 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  ¨  No  þ 

   

 The aggregate market value of the outstanding common equity of the registrant not held by affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was at least $233.8 billion. There were 10,033,130,000 shares of voting common stock with a par value of $0.06 outstanding at February 1, 2014. 

   

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

   

 The definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant’s Annual Meeting of Shareowners, to be held April 23, 2014, is incorporated by reference into Part III to the extent described therein. 

   

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (1) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 Table of Contents 

   

   

 
 
 
    
    
 
 Page 
 
 
 
 Part I 
 
    
 
    
    
    
 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 
 Business 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 
 15 
 
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 
 Properties 
 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 
 23 
 
 
    
    
 
 
 Part II 
 
    
 
    
    
    
 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
 
    
 
    
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 
 23 
 
 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 
 26 
 
 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 
 27 
 
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 
 90 
 
 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 
 90 
 
 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting 
 
    
 
    
 
 and Financial Disclosure 
 
 
 192 
 
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 
 192 
 
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 
 Other Information 
 
 
 193 
 
 
    
    
 
 
 Part III 
 
    
 
    
    
    
 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 
 193 
 
 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 
 193 
 
 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and 
 
    
 
    
 
 Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 
 193 
 
 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 
 194 
 
 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 
 194 
 
 
    
    
 
 
 Part IV 
 
    
 
    
    
    
 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 
 194 
 
 
    
    
    
 
 
 Signatures 
 
    
 
 199 
 
 
    
    
    
 
 

 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (2) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

   

 Part I 

   

   

 Item 1. Business 

   

 General 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated by the context, we use the terms “GE” and “GECC” on the basis of consolidation described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. Also, unless otherwise indicated by the context, “General Electric” means the parent company, General Electric Company (the Company). 

 
 

 General Electric’s address is 1 River Road, Schenectady, NY 12345-6999; we also maintain executive offices at 3135 Easton Turnpike, Fairfield, CT 06828-0001. 

 
 

 We are one of the largest and most diversified infrastructure and financial services corporations in the world. With products and services ranging from aircraft engines, power generation, oil and gas production equipment, and household appliances to medical imaging, business and consumer financing and industrial products, we serve customers in more than 100 countries and employ approximately 307,000 people worldwide. Since our incorporation in 1892, we have developed or acquired new technologies and services that have broadened and changed considerably the scope of our activities. 

 
 

 In virtually all of our global business activities, we encounter aggressive and able competition. In many instances, the competitive climate is characterized by changing technology that requires continuing research and development. With respect to manufacturing operations, we believe that, in general, we are one of the leading firms in most of the major industries in which we participate. The businesses in which General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC) engages are subject to competition from various types of financial institutions, including commercial banks, thrifts, investment banks, broker-dealers, credit unions, leasing companies, consumer loan companies, independent finance companies and finance companies associated with manufacturers. 

 
 

 On November 15, 2013, we announced that we intend to pursue an initial public offering (IPO) of our North American Retail Finance business (Retail Finance) as a first step in a staged exit from that business. We plan to file a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in the first quarter of 2014 and complete the IPO later in 2014. 

   

 We plan to issue up to 20% of the equity of Retail Finance in the IPO, in exchange for cash that will be used to increase the capital of the new company. We currently intend to complete our exit from Retail Finance in 2015 through a split-off transaction, by making a tax-free distribution of our remaining interest in Retail Finance to electing GE stockholders in exchange for shares of GE’s common stock. We may also decide to exit by selling or otherwise distributing or disposing of all or a portion of our remaining interest in the Retail Finance shares. 

 
 

 Prior to January 28, 2011, we also operated a media company, NBC Universal, Inc. (NBCU). Effective January 28, 2011, we held a 49% interest in a media entity that included the NBC Universal businesses. On March 19, 2013, we completed the sale of our remaining 49% common equity interest to Comcast Corporation. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (3) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Forward-Looking Statements 

   

 This document contains “forward-looking statements” – that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. For us, particular uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements include: current economic and financial conditions, including volatility in interest and exchange rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets; potential market disruptions or other impacts arising in the United States or Europe from developments in sovereign debt situations; the impact of conditions in the financial and credit markets on the availability and cost of General Electric Capital Corporation’s (GECC) funding and on our ability to reduce GECC’s asset levels as planned; the impact of conditions in the housing market and unemployment rates on the level of commercial and consumer credit defaults; pending and future mortgage securitization claims and litigation in connection with WMC, which may affect our estimates of liability, including possible loss estimates; our ability to maintain our current credit rating and the impact on our funding costs and competitive position if we do not do so; the adequacy of our cash flows and earnings and other conditions which may affect our ability to pay our quarterly dividend at the planned level or to repurchase shares at planned levels; GECC’s ability to pay dividends to GE at the planned level; our ability to convert pre-order commitments/wins into orders; the price we realize on orders since commitments/wins are stated at list prices; the level of demand and financial performance of the major industries we serve, including, without limitation, air and rail transportation, energy generation, real estate and healthcare; the impact of regulation and regulatory, investigative and legal proceedings and legal compliance risks, including the impact of financial services regulation; our capital allocation plans, as such plans may change including with respect to the timing and size of share repurchases, acquisitions, joint ventures, dispositions and other strategic actions; our success in completing announced transactions and integrating acquired businesses; our ability to complete the staged exit from our North American Retail Finance business as planned; the impact of potential information technology or data security breaches; and numerous other matters of national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business and competitive nature. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements. These uncertainties are described in more detail in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K Report. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 

 
 

 Operating Segments 

   

 Segment revenue and profit information and additional financial data and commentary on recent financial results for operating segments are provided in the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Operating businesses that are reported as segments include Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting and GE Capital. Net earnings of GECC and the effect of transactions between segments are eliminated to arrive at total consolidated data. A summary description of each of our operating segments follows. We also continue our longstanding practice of providing supplemental information about the businesses within GE Capital. 

 
 

 Power & Water 

   

 Power & Water (16.9%, 19.3% and 17.5% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) is a leader in the field of development, implementation and improvement of products and technologies that harness resources such as wind, oil, gas and water to produce electric power. 

 
 

 Our operations are located in North America, Europe, Asia, South America, Africa and the Middle East. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (4) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 

 Power & Water serves power generation, industrial, government and other customers worldwide with products and services related to energy production. We sell gas turbines and generators that are used principally in power plants for generation of electricity and for industrial cogeneration and mechanical drive applications. We are a leading provider of Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) systems. By converting coal and other hydrocarbons into synthetic gas that is used as the primary fuel for gas turbines in combined-cycle systems, fewer air pollutants are produced compared with traditional pulverized coal power plants. We sell steam turbines and generators to the electric utility industry and to private industrial customers for cogeneration applications. We offer wind turbines as part of our renewable energy portfolio. We also sell aircraft engine derivatives for use as industrial power sources. Nuclear reactors, fuel and support services for both new and installed boiling water reactors are offered through joint ventures with Hitachi and Toshiba. We provide our customers with solutions to meet their needs through a broad portfolio of aftermarket services, including equipment upgrades, long-term maintenance service agreements, repairs, equipment installation, remote monitoring, performance testing and diagnostics, asset management and performance optimization tools and Dry Low NOx (DLN) tuning. We continue to invest in advanced technology development that will provide more value to our customers and more efficient solutions that comply with today’s strict environmental regulations. 

 Power & Water also offers water treatment solutions for industrial and municipal water systems including the supply and related services of specialty chemicals, water purification systems, pumps, valves, filters and fluid handling equipment for improving the performance of water, wastewater and process systems, including mobile treatment systems and desalination processes. 

 
 

 On February 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Dresser, Inc., which broadened the product portfolio with technologies for gas engines. 

 
 

 Power & Water is party to revenue sharing programs that share the financial results of certain aeroderivative lines. These businesses are controlled by Power & Water, but counterparties have an agreed share of revenues as well as development and component production responsibilities. At December 31, 2013, such counterparty interests ranged from 10% to 33% of various programs; associated distributions to such counterparties are accounted for as costs of production. 

 
 

 Worldwide competition for power generation products and services is intense. Demand for power generation is global and, as a result, is sensitive to the economic and political environment of each country in which we do business. The balance of regional growth and demand side management are important factors to evaluate as we plan for future development. 

 
 

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Oil & Gas 

   

 Oil & Gas (11.6%, 10.4% and 9.3% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) helps oil and gas companies make more efficient and sustainable use of the world's energy resources. 

 
 

 Our operations are located in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, South America and Africa. 

 
 

 Oil & Gas supplies mission critical equipment for the global oil and gas industry, used in applications spanning the entire value chain from drilling through production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) and pipeline compression, pipeline inspection, and downstream processing in refineries and petrochemical plants. The business designs and manufactures surface and subsea drilling and production systems, equipment for floating production platforms, compressors, turbines, turboexpanders, high pressure reactors, industrial power generation and a broad portfolio of auxiliary equipment. 

 
 
 
    
 

 
 (5) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 To ensure that the installed base is maintained appropriately, our service business has over 40 service centers and workshops in the world's main oil and gas extraction and production regions. The business also provides upgrades to customers’ machines, using the latest available technology, to extend production capability and environmental performance. We also provide pipeline integrity solutions, sensor-based measurement, inspection, asset condition monitoring, controls, and radiation measurement solutions. Oil & Gas also offers integrated solutions using sensors for temperature, pressure, moisture, gas and flow rate as well as non-destructive testing inspection equipment, including radiographic, ultrasonic, remote visual and eddy current. 

   

 On July 1, 2013, we completed the acquisition of Lufkin Industries, Inc., a leading provider of artificial lift technologies for the oil and gas industry and a manufacturer of industrial gears, for $3.3 billion. 

 
 

 On February 4, 2011 and April 26, 2011, we completed the acquisitions of Wellstream PLC and the Well Support division of John Wood Group PLC, respectively. Wellstream PLC expands the Oil & Gas portfolio with flexible subsea risers and flow lines. The Well Support division of John Wood Group PLC adds equipment, including electrical submersible pumps, that helps extract more oil and gas from mature fields. On February 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Dresser, Inc., which broadens the Oil & Gas product portfolio in control and relief valves, measurement, regulation and control solutions for gas and fuel distributions. 

 
 

 Demand for oil and gas equipment and services is global and, as a result, is sensitive to the economic and political environment of each country in which we do business. The balance of regional growth and demand side management are important factors to evaluate as we plan for future development. 

 
 

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Energy Management 

   

 Energy Management (5.2%, 5.1% and 4.4% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) designs, manufactures and services leading technology solutions for the delivery, management, conversion and optimization of electrical power for customers across multiple energy-intensive industries. 

 
 

 Our operations are located in North America, Europe, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. 

 
 

 Energy Management provides integrated electrical products and systems used to distribute, protect and control energy and equipment. We manufacture electrical distribution and control products, lighting and power panels, switchgear and circuit breakers that are used to distribute and manage power in a variety of residential, commercial, consumer and industrial applications. We also provide customer-focused solutions centered on the delivery and control of electric power, and a full portfolio of field services including engineering, inspection, mechanical and emergency services. Energy Management also provides advanced products and services that modernize the grid, from the power plant to the power consumer, such as protection and control, industrial strength communications, smart meters, monitoring & diagnostics, visualization software and advanced analytics. We manufacture advanced motor, drives and control technologies to improve the operational efficiency of energy intensive industries such as metals, mining, marine, oil and gas. Energy Management also provides plant automation, hardware, software and embedded computing systems including advanced software, controllers, single board computers, motion control and operator interfaces. 

 
 

 In August, 2013, GE and XD Electric Group announced the formation of a new global partnership combining GE’s grid automation capabilities and global energy presence with XD Electric’s comprehensive portfolio of high-voltage (HV) power equipment. The partnership also expands GE’s industry capabilities as a leading provider of transmission and distribution (T&D) solutions. 

 
 
 
    
 

 
 (6) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 On March 2, 2011 and September 2, 2011, we completed the acquisitions of Lineage Power Holdings, Inc. (Lineage Power) and Converteam, respectively. The acquisition of Lineage Power, a provider of high-efficiency power conversion infrastructure technology and services for the telecommunications and datacenter industries, continues the expansion of Energy Management’s offerings from the electric grid to datacenters, cell towers, routers, servers and circuit board electronics. Converteam, a provider of electrification and automation equipment and systems, adds significant product and service capabilities in power electronics, industrial automation and process controls. 

   

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Aviation 

   

 Aviation (15.0%, 13.6% and 12.9% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) is one of the world’s leading providers of jet engines and related services with operations in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. 

 
 

 Aviation produces, sells and services jet engines, turboprop and turbo shaft engines, and related replacement parts for use in military and commercial aircraft. Our military engines are used in a wide variety of aircraft including fighters, bombers, tankers, helicopters and surveillance aircraft, as well as marine applications, and our commercial engines power aircraft in all categories of range: short/medium, intermediate and long-range, as well as executive and regional aircraft. We also produce and market engines through CFM International, a company jointly owned by GE and Snecma, a subsidiary of SAFRAN of France, and Engine Alliance, LLC, a company jointly owned by GE and the Pratt & Whitney division of United Technologies Corporation. New engines are also being designed and marketed in a joint venture with Honda Aero, Inc., a division of Honda Motor Co., Ltd. 

 
 

 We provide maintenance, component repair and overhaul services (MRO), including sales of replacement parts for many models of engines and repair and overhaul of engines manufactured by competitors. These MRO services are often provided under long-term maintenance contracts. 

 
 

 Aviation also produces global aerospace systems and equipment, including airborne platform computing systems, power generation and distribution products, mechanical actuation products and landing gear, plus various engine components for use in both military and commercial aircraft. 

 
 

 Aviation is party to agreements in which the financial results, and in most cases production responsibilities, of certain products are shared. These agreements take the form of both joint ventures and revenue sharing programs. 

 
 

 The scope of the joint ventures can range from development through the marketing, sales, production, assembly and aftermarket support of particular products. 

 
 

 Revenue sharing programs are a standard form of cooperation for specific product programs in the aviation industry. These programs are controlled by Aviation, but counterparties have an agreed share of revenues as well as development and component production responsibilities. At December 31, 2013, such counterparty interests ranged from 1% to 39% of various programs; associated distributions to such counterparties are accounted for as costs of production. 

 
 

 On August 1, 2013, we completed the acquisition of the aviation business of Avio S.p.A., a manufacturer of aviation propulsion components and systems for $4.4 billion. 

 
 

 The worldwide competition in aircraft jet engines and MRO (including parts sales) is intense. Both U.S. and export markets are important. Product development cycles are long and product quality and efficiency are critical to success. Research and development expenditures are important in this business, as are focused intellectual property strategies and protection of key aircraft engine design, manufacture, repair and product upgrade technologies. Our products and services are subject to a number of regulatory standards. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (7) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Potential sales for any engine are limited by, among other things, its technological lifetime, which may vary considerably depending upon the rate of advance in technology, the relatively small number of potential customers and the limited number of relevant airframe applications. Aircraft engine orders tend to follow military and airline procurement cycles, although these cycles differ from each other. 

 
 

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Healthcare 

   

 Healthcare (12.5%, 12.5% and 12.3% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) is one of the world’s leading providers of essential healthcare technologies to developed, developing and emerging countries. Our operations are located in North America, Europe, Asia, South America and Australia. 

 
 

 Healthcare has expertise in medical imaging and information technologies, medical diagnostics, patient monitoring systems, disease research, drug discovery and biopharmaceutical manufacturing technologies. We are dedicated to predicting and detecting disease earlier, monitoring its progress and informing physicians, and helping physicians tailor treatment for patients. Healthcare manufactures, sells and services a wide range of medical equipment that helps provide a fast, non-invasive way for doctors to see broken bones, diagnose trauma cases in the emergency room, view the heart and its function, and identify early stages of cancers or brain disorders. With diagnostic imaging systems such as   Magnetic Resonance (MR), Computed Tomography (CT) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scanners, X-ray, nuclear imaging, digital mammography, and Molecular Imaging technologies, Healthcare creates products that allow clinicians to see inside the human body more clearly than ever. In addition, Healthcare-manufactured technologies include patient and resident monitoring, diagnostic cardiology, ultrasound, bone densitometry, anesthesiology and oxygen therapy, and neonatal and critical care devices. Medical diagnostics and life sciences products include diagnostic imaging agents used in medical scanning procedures, drug discovery, biopharmaceutical manufacturing and purification, and tools for protein and cellular analysis for pharmaceutical and academic research, including existing and a pipeline of precision molecular diagnostics in development for neurology, cardiology and oncology applications. 

 
 

 Our product services include remote diagnostic and repair services for medical equipment manufactured by GE and by others, as well as computerized data management, information technologies and customer productivity services. 

 
 

 We compete with a variety of U.S. and non-U.S. manufacturers and services providers. Technological competence and innovation, excellence in design, high product performance, quality of services and competitive pricing are among the key factors affecting competition for these products and services. Products and services are sold worldwide primarily to hospitals, medical facilities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and to the life science research market. 

 
 

 Throughout the world, we deliver healthymagination solutions that provide greater efficiency to help control costs, better quality to improve patient outcomes, and extended access to healthcare for patients in underserved markets. 

 
 

 Our products are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA), as well as various laws that apply to claims submitted under Medicare, Medicaid or other government funded healthcare programs. 

 
 

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Transportation 

   

 Transportation (4.0%, 3.8% and 3.3% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) is a global technology leader and supplier to the railroad, marine, drilling and mining industries. We serve customers in more than 100 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, South America, Africa and Australia. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (8) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Transportation manufactures high-horsepower, diesel-electric locomotives, including the Evolution Series™, which meets or exceeds the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Tier III requirements. We also offer leading drive technology solutions to the mining, transit, marine and stationary, and drilling industries. Also, on November 30, 2012, we completed the acquisition of Industrea Limited, a provider of mining products and services with a focus in underground mining. 

 
 

 Transportation provides a portfolio of service offerings designed to improve fleet efficiency and reduce operating expenses, including repair services, locomotive enhancements, modernizations, and information-based services like remote monitoring and diagnostics. We provide train control products, railway management services, and signaling systems to increase service levels, optimize asset utilization, and streamline operations for railroad owners and operators. We deliver leading edge tools that improve asset availability and reliability, optimize network planning, and control network execution to plan. 

 
 

 For information about orders and backlog, see the Segment Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 Appliances & Lighting 

   

 Appliances & Lighting  (formerly Home & Business Solutions)  (5.7%, 5.4% and 5.2% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) sells products that share several characteristics − competitive design, efficient manufacturing and effective distribution and service.  Appliance & Lighting products such as major appliances and a subset of lighting products are primarily directed to consumer applications, while other lighting products are directed towards commercial and industrial applications.  Cost control, including productivity, is key in the highly competitive markets in which we compete. We also invest in the development of differentiated, premium products that are more profitable such as energy efficient solutions for both consumers and businesses. 

 
 

 We sell and service major home appliances including refrigerators, freezers, electric and gas ranges, cooktops, dishwashers, clothes washers and dryers, microwave ovens, room air conditioners, residential water systems for filtration, softening and heating, and hybrid water heaters. Our brands include GE Monogram®, GE Café™, GE Profile™, GE®, GE Artistry™, and Hotpoint®. We manufacture certain products and also source finished product and component parts from third-party global manufacturers. A large portion of our appliances sales are through a variety of retail outlets for replacement of installed units. Residential building contractors installing units in new construction is our second major U.S. channel. We offer one of the largest original equipment manufacturer (OEM) service organizations in the appliances industry, providing in-home repair and aftermarket parts. 

 
 

 We also manufacture, source and sell a variety of lamp products for commercial, industrial and consumer markets, including full lines of incandescent, halogen, fluorescent, high-intensity discharge, light-emitting diode, automotive and miniature products. 

 
 

 We have global operations located in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. 

 
 

 GE Capital 

   

 GE Capital (30.2%, 30.9% and 33.0% of consolidated revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) businesses offer a broad range of financial services and products worldwide for businesses of all sizes. Services include commercial loans and leases, fleet management, financial programs, credit cards, personal loans and other financial services. GE Capital also develops strategic partnerships and joint ventures that utilize GE’s industry-specific expertise in aviation, energy, infrastructure and healthcare to capitalize on market-specific opportunities. 

 
 

 During 2013, GE Capital provided approximately $115 billion of new financings in the U.S. to various companies, infrastructure projects and municipalities. Additionally, we extended approximately $105 billion of credit to approximately 61 million U.S. consumers. GE Capital provided credit to approximately 31,200 new commercial customers and 43,000 new small businesses in the U.S. during 2013 and ended the period with outstanding credit to more than 237,000 commercial customers and 212,000 small businesses through retail programs in the U.S. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (9) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 GECC is a regulated savings and loan holding company under U.S. law and became subject to Federal Reserve Board (FRB) supervision on July 21, 2011, the one-year anniversary of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (DFA). In addition, on July 8, 2013, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) designated GECC as a nonbank systemically important financial institution (nonbank SIFI) under the DFA. Many of the rulemakings for supervision of nonbank SIFIs are not final and therefore the exact impact and implementation date remain uncertain. GECC continues to plan for the enhanced prudential standards that will apply to nonbank SIFIs. These DFA rulemakings will require, among other items, enhanced capital and liquidity levels, compliance with the comprehensive capital analysis and review regulations (CCAR), compliance with counterparty credit exposure limits, and the development of a resolution plan for submission to regulators. 

 
 

 We have communicated our goal of reducing GE Capital’s ending net investment (ENI), most recently targeting ENI of $300 billion to $350 billion. ENI is a metric used by us to measure the total capital we have invested in our financial services business. GE Capital’s ENI (excluding cash and equivalents) was $380 billion at December 31, 2013. To achieve this goal, we are more aggressively focusing our businesses on selective financial services products where we have deep domain experience, broad distribution, and the ability to earn a consistent return on capital, while managing our overall balance sheet size and risk. We have a strategy of exiting those businesses that are deemed to be non-strategic or that are underperforming. We have completed a number of dispositions in our businesses in the past and will continue to evaluate options going forward . 

 
 

 While we are exiting non-core businesses, we are investing in our core businesses in markets where we believe that GECC has deep domain experience and is competitively advantaged. Accordingly, in the short-term, as we reduce our ENI through exiting non-core businesses, the overall level of our future net earnings may be reduced. However, over the long-term, we believe that this strategy will improve our long-term performance through higher returns as we will have a larger concentration of assets in our core businesses, as opposed to the underperforming or non-strategic assets we will be exiting; reduce liquidity risk as we pay down outstanding debt and diversify our sources of funding (with less reliance on the global commercial paper markets and an increase in alternative sources of funding such as deposits); and reduce capital requirements while strengthening capital ratios. Additional information about our liquidity and how we manage this risk can be found in the Financial Resources and Liquidity section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Within our GE Capital operating segment, we operate the businesses described below along product lines. 

 
 

 Our operations are located in North America, South America, Europe, Australia and Asia. 

 
 

 Commercial Lending and Leasing (CLL) 

   

 CLL has particular mid-market expertise, and primarily offers secured commercial loans, equipment financing and other financial services to companies across a wide range of industries including construction, retail, manufacturing, transportation, media, communications, technology and healthcare. Equipment financing activities include industrial, medical, fleet vehicles, corporate aircraft, construction, office imaging and many other equipment types. 

 
 

 In the first quarter of 2013, we announced the planned disposition of our CLL trailer services business in Europe (CLL Trailer Services) and classified the business as discontinued operations. We completed the sale in the fourth quarter of 2013. 

 
 

 In 2011, we completed the sale of our CLL marine container leasing business, which consists of our controlling interests in the GE SeaCo joint venture along with other owned marine container assets, and our CLL trailer fleet services business in Mexico. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (10) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors include commercial banks, investment banks, leasing companies, financing companies associated with manufacturers, and independent finance companies. Competition related to our lending and leasing operations is based on price, that is, interest rates and fees, as well as deal structure and terms. In recent years, there has been a disruption in the capital markets and in access to and availability of capital as well as the exit of some competitors. Profitability is affected not only by broad economic conditions that affect customer credit quality and the availability and cost of capital funding, but also by successful management of credit risk, operating risk and market risks such as interest rate and currency exchange risks. Success requires high-quality risk management systems, customer and industry specific knowledge, diversification, service and distribution channels, strong collateral and asset management knowledge, strong transaction expertise and the ability to reduce costs through technology and productivity. 

 
 

 Consumer 

   

 Consumer, through consolidated entities and associated companies, is a leading provider of financial services to consumers and retailers around the world. We offer a full range of financial products to suit customers’ needs. These products include, on a global basis, private-label credit cards; personal loans; bank cards; auto loans and leases; mortgages; debt consolidation; home equity loans; deposit and other savings products; and small and medium enterprise lending. 

 
 

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed a sale of 68.5% of our Swiss consumer finance bank, Cembra Money Bank AG (Cembra), through an IPO; we committed to sell our Consumer banking business in Russia (Consumer Russia) and classified the business as discontinued operations; and we sold our remaining equity interest in the Bank of Ayudhya (Bay Bank). 

 
 

 In November 2013, we announced that we intend to pursue an IPO of our North American Retail Finance business (Retail Finance) as a first step in a staged exit from that business. We plan to file a registration statement with the SEC in the first quarter of 2014 and complete the IPO later in 2014. 

 
 

 We plan to issue up to 20% of the equity of Retail Finance in the IPO, in exchange for cash that will be used to increase the capital of the new company. We currently intend to complete our exit from Retail Finance in 2015 through a split-off transaction, by making a tax-free distribution of our remaining interest in Retail Finance to electing GE stockholders in exchange for shares of GE’s common stock. We may also decide to exit by selling or otherwise distributing or disposing of all or a portion of our remaining interest in the Retail Finance shares. 

 
 

 In the first quarter of 2013, we acquired the deposit business of MetLife Bank, N.A., which is an online banking platform with approximately $6.4 billion in U.S. retail deposits that will allow us to better serve our customers. 

 
 

 In 2011, we sold our Consumer Singapore business and our Consumer home lending operations in Australia and New Zealand (Australian Home Lending) and classified them as discontinued operations. Also in 2011, we sold a substantial portion of our Garanti Bank equity investment. During 2012, we sold our remaining equity interest in Garanti Bank, which was classified as an available-for-sale security. 

 
 

 Our operations are subject to a variety of bank and consumer protection regulations. Further, a number of countries have ceilings on rates chargeable to consumers in financial service transactions. We are subject to competition from various types of financial institutions including commercial banks, leasing companies, consumer loan companies, independent finance companies, finance companies associated with manufacturers, and insurance companies. Industry participants compete on the basis of price, servicing capability, promotional marketing, risk management, and cross selling. The markets in which we operate are also subject to the risks from fluctuations in retail sales, interest and currency exchange rates, and the consumer’s capacity to repay debt. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (11) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Real Estate 

   

 Real Estate offers a range of capital and investment solutions, including equity capital for acquisition or development, as well as fixed and floating rate mortgages for new acquisitions or re-capitalizations of commercial real estate worldwide. Our business finances, with both equity and loan structures, the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of office buildings, apartment buildings, retail facilities, hotels, warehouses and industrial properties. Our typical real estate loans are intermediate term, senior, fixed or floating-rate, and are secured by existing income-producing commercial properties. We invest in, and provide restructuring financing for, portfolios of commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and tax-exempt bonds. 

 
 

 We own and operate a global portfolio of real estate with the objective of maximizing property cash flows and asset values. In the normal course of our business operations we sell certain real estate equity investments when it is economically advantageous for us to do so. However, as real estate values are affected by certain forces beyond our control (e.g., market fundamentals and demographic conditions), it is difficult to predict with certainty the level of future sales, sales prices, impairments or write-offs. 

 
 

 During 2013, in conjunction with our initiative to increase our overall real estate lending portfolio and reduce our exposure to real estate equity investments, we acquired certain loan portfolios and sold real estate equity investments when economically advantageous for us to do, including the sale of real estate comprising certain floors located at 30 Rockefeller Center, New York. 

 
 

 In 2012, we completed the sale of a portion of our Business Properties portfolio (Business Property), including certain commercial loans, the origination and servicing platforms and the servicing rights on loans previously securitized by GECC. The portion that we retained comprises our owner-occupied/credit tenant portfolio. 

 
 

 Our competitors include banks, financial institutions, real estate companies, real estate investment funds and other financial companies. Competition in our equity investment business is primarily based on price, and competition in our lending business is primarily based on interest rates and fees, as well as deal structure and terms. As we compete globally, our success is sensitive to the economic and political environment of each country in which we do business. 

 
 

 Energy Financial Services 

   

 Energy Financial Services invests in long-lived, capital-intensive energy projects and companies by providing structured equity, debt, leasing, partnership financing, project finance and broad-based commercial finance. 

 
 

 We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors include banks, financial institutions, energy companies, and other finance and leasing companies. Competition is primarily based on price, that is, interest rates and fees, as well as deal structure and terms. As we compete globally, our success is sensitive to the economic and political environment of each country in which we do business. 

 
 

 GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) 

   

 GECAS, our commercial aircraft financing and leasing business, offers a wide range of aircraft types and financing options, including operating leases and secured debt financing, and also provides productivity solutions including spare engine leasing, airport and airline consulting services, and spare parts financing and management. 

 
 

 We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors include aircraft manufacturers, banks, financial institutions, equity investors, and other finance and leasing companies. Competition is based on lease rate financing terms, aircraft delivery dates, condition and availability, as well as available capital demand for financing. 

 
 

 GECC Corporate Items and Eliminations 

   

 GECC Corporate Items and Eliminations primarily include unallocated Treasury and Tax operations; Trinity, a group of run-off sponsored special purpose entities; the effects of eliminating transactions between GE Capital’s five operating businesses; results of our run-off insurance operations remaining in continuing operations attributable to GECC; unallocated corporate costs; and certain non-allocated amounts determined by the GECC Chairman. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (12) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 GE Corporate Items and Eliminations 

   

 GE Corporate Items and Eliminations includes the results of disposed businesses in which we retain an unconsolidated interest (including NBC Universal LLC until we sold our equity interest in the first quarter of 2013), principal retirement plan costs and unallocated corporate costs, which includes research and development spending (including our Global Research Centers) and costs related to our Global Growth & Operations organization. Corporate Items and Eliminations also includes certain amounts not allocated to GE industrial operating segments because they are excluded from measurement of their operating performance for external purposes. In this regard, the Chief Executive Officer may exclude matters such as charges for restructuring; rationalization and other similar expenses; acquisition costs and other related charges; technology and product development costs; certain gains and losses from acquisitions or dispositions; and litigation settlements or other charges, responsibility for which preceded the current management team. 

 
 

 Discontinued Operations 

   

 Discontinued operations primarily comprises GE Money Japan (our Japanese personal loan business, Lake, and our Japanese mortgage and card businesses, excluding our investment in GE Nissen Credit Co., Ltd.), our U.S. mortgage business (WMC), our U.S. recreational vehicle and marine equipment financing business (Consumer RV Marine), Consumer Mexico, Consumer Singapore, Australian Home Lending, our Consumer mortgage lending business in Ireland (Consumer Ireland), CLL Trailer Services and Consumer Russia. 

 
 

 For further information about discontinued operations, see Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Geographic Data 

   

 Geographic data is provided in the Geographic Operations section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Orders and Backlog 

   

 Orders and backlog information is provided in the Segment Operations and Other Information sections in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Research and Development 

   

 Research and development expenditures information is provided in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and the Other Information section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Environmental Matters 

   

 Our operations, like operations of other companies engaged in similar businesses, involve the use, disposal and cleanup of substances regulated under environmental protection laws. We are involved in a number of remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. Additional information is provided in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Employees and Employee Relations 

   

 At year-end 2013, General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates employed approximately 307,000 persons, of whom approximately 135,000 were employed in the United States. For further information about employees, see Part II, Item 6. “Selected Financial Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (13) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Approximately 16,900 GE manufacturing and service employees in the United States are represented for collective bargaining purposes by a total of approximately 108 different local unions. A majority of such employees are represented by union locals that are affiliated with, and bargain in coordination with, the IUE-CWA, The Industrial Division of the Communication Workers of America, AFL-CIO, CLC. During 2011, we negotiated four-year agreements with most of our U.S. unions. These agreements modestly increase ongoing costs over the term of the contracts on an aggregate basis. However, the agreements also implement new features that focus on cost containment for health and pension plans. Effective January 1, 2012, all production employees participate in a new consumer-directed health plan. In addition, production employees who commence service on or after that date will not be eligible to participate in the GE Pension Plan, but will participate in a defined contribution retirement program. 

 
 

 Other GE affiliates are parties to labor contracts with various labor unions, also with varying terms and expiration dates, that cover approximately 4,000 employees. 

 
 

 Executive Officers 

   

 See Part III, Item 10. “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” of this Form 10-K Report for information about Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

 
 

 Other 

   

 Because of the diversity of our products and services, as well as the wide geographic dispersion of our production facilities, we use numerous sources for the wide variety of raw materials needed for our operations. We have not been adversely affected by the inability to obtain raw materials. 

 
 

 We own, or hold licenses to use, numerous patents. New patents are continuously being obtained through our research and development activities as existing patents expire. Patented inventions are used both within the Company and are licensed to others, but no operating segment is substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. 

 
 

 Sales of goods and services to agencies of the U.S. Government as a percentage of revenues follow. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 % of Consolidated Revenues  
 
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total sales to U.S. Government Agencies 
 
   
 
 3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
 3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
 3  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Aviation segment defense-related sales 
 
   
 
 2  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
 
 
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 GE is a trademark and service mark of General Electric Company. 

 
 

 The Company’s Internet address is www.ge.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available, without charge, on our website, www.ge.com/en/company/investor/secfilings.htm, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Copies are also available, without charge, from GE Corporate Investor Communications, 3135 Easton Turnpike, Fairfield, CT 06828-0001. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov or obtained at the SEC Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. Information regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. References to our website addressed in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 

   

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (14) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

   

 The following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as discussed in Item 1. “Business”. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (MD&A), and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause our future results to be different – sometimes materially different – than we presently anticipate. Discussion about important operational risks that our businesses encounter can be found in the business descriptions in Item 1. “Business” and the MD&A section of this Form 10-K Report. Below, we describe certain important strategic, operational, financial, and legal and compliance risks. Our reactions to material future developments as well as our competitors’ reactions to those developments will affect our future results. 

 
 

 Our growth is subject to global economic and political risks. 

 We operate in virtually every part of the world and serve customers in more than 100 countries. In 2013, approximately 53% of our revenue was attributable to activities outside the United States. Our operations are subject to the effects of global competition and geopolitical risks. They are also affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. While some of these global economic and political risks can be hedged using derivatives or other financial instruments and some are insurable, such attempts to mitigate these risks are costly and not always successful, and our ability to engage in such mitigation may decrease or become even more costly as a result of more volatile market conditions. 

 
  

 
 
    
 

 
 (15) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and government policies that may change in significant ways. 

 Our businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed in ways that will require us to modify our business models and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or prohibiting them outright. In particular, U.S. and non-U.S. governments are undertaking a substantial revision of the regulation and supervision of bank and non-bank financial institutions, consumer lending, the over-the-counter derivatives market and tax laws and regulations, which changes may have an effect on GE’s and GE Capital’s structure, operations, liquidity, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. We are also subject to a number of trade control laws and regulations that may affect our ability to sell our products in global markets. In addition, we are subject to regulatory risks from laws that reduce the allowable lending rate or limit consumer borrowing, local capital requirements that may increase the risk of not being able to retrieve assets, and changes to tax law that may affect our return on investments. For example, GE’s effective tax rate is reduced because active business income earned and indefinitely reinvested outside the United States is taxed at less than the U.S. rate. A significant portion of this reduction depends upon a provision of U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S. tax on certain active financial services income until that income is repatriated to the United States as a dividend. This provision is consistent with international tax norms and permits U.S. financial services companies to compete more effectively with non-U.S. financial institutions in global markets. This provision, which had expired at the end of 2011, was reinstated in January 2013 retroactively for two years through the end of 2013. This provision also had been scheduled to expire and had been extended by Congress on six previous occasions, but there can be no assurance that it will continue to be extended. In the event the provision is not extended after 2013, the current U.S. tax imposed on active financial services income earned outside the United States would increase, making it more difficult for U.S. financial services companies to compete in global markets. If this provision is not extended, we expect our effective tax rate to increase significantly after 2014. In addition, efforts by public and private sectors to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements and increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers. Continued government scrutiny, including reviews of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) medical device pre-market authorization and post-market surveillance processes, may impact the requirements for marketing our products and slow our ability to introduce new products, resulting in an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we have been, and expect to continue, participating in U.S. and international governmental programs, which require us to comply with strict governmental regulations. Inability to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our status in these projects and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

 
 

 Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, we are subject to prudential oversight by the Federal Reserve, including as a result of GECC’s designation as a nonbank systemically important financial institution, which subjects us to increased and evolving regulatory requirements. 

 GECC is a regulated savings and loan holding company and in 2011 became subject to Federal Reserve Board (FRB) supervision under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (DFA). In 2013, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) designated GECC as a nonbank systemically important financial institution (nonbank SIFI) under the DFA. As a result of this change in supervision and designation, stricter prudential regulatory standards and supervision apply to GECC. Many of the rulemakings for supervision of nonbank SIFIs are not final and therefore the exact impact and implementation date remain uncertain. These DFA rulemakings will require, among other items, enhanced capital and liquidity levels, compliance with the comprehensive capital analysis and review regulations (CCAR), compliance with counterparty credit exposure limits, and the development of a resolution plan for submission to regulators. The FRB recently finalized regulations to revise and replace its current rules on capital adequacy and to extend capital regulations to savings and loan holding companies like GECC. GECC will ultimately also become subject to the Basel III advanced capital rules that will be applicable to institutions with $250 billion or more in assets. The FRB has also indicated in a proposed rulemaking that it will require nonbank SIFIs to submit annual capital plans for review, including institutions’ plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments. While GECC is not yet subject to this regulation, GECC’s capital allocation planning remains subject to FRB review as a savings and loan holding company. For additional information, see Liquidity and Borrowings in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (16) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks. 

 We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in virtually every part of the world. We, our representatives, and the industries in which we operate are subject to continuing scrutiny by regulators and other governmental authorities, which may, in certain circumstances, lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries are involved in a number of remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. These include the dredging of polychlorinated biphenyls from a 40-mile stretch of the upper Hudson River in New York State, as described in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. We are also subject to certain other legal proceedings described in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” of this Form 10-K Report. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time. 

   

 The success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including through acquisitions, joint ventures, dispositions and restructurings . 

 With respect to acquisitions, joint ventures and restructuring actions, we may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges, such as personnel and technology. In addition, we may not achieve anticipated cost savings from restructuring actions, which could result in lower margin rates. We also participate in a number of joint ventures with other companies or government enterprises in various markets around the world, including joint ventures where we may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations, which may expose us to additional operational, financial, legal or compliance risks. We also continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. For example, delays in obtaining tax rulings and regulatory approvals or clearances, and disruptions or volatility in the capital markets may impact our ability to complete the staged exit from our North American Retail Finance business as planned. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated. After reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the acquisition or disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as to necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which may prevent us from completing the transaction. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside our control could affect our future financial results. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (17) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Sustained increases in pension and healthcare benefits costs may reduce our profitability. 

 Our results of operations may be positively or negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for our defined benefit pension plans. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions we use to estimate pension expense for 2014 are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant reduction or increase to equity. At the end of 2013, the GE Pension Plan was underfunded, on a U.S. GAAP basis, by $4.7 billion, and the GE Supplementary Pension Plan, an unfunded plan, had a projected benefit obligation of $5.2 billion. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan accounting policies, see Critical Accounting Estimates – Pension Assumptions in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to pension plans as required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). Failure to achieve expected returns on plan assets driven by various factors, which could include a continued environment of low interest rates or sustained market volatility, could also result in an increase to the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to pension plans. In addition, upward pressure on the cost of providing healthcare benefits to current employees and retirees may increase future funding obligations. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce our profitability. 

 
 

 Conditions in the financial and credit markets may affect the availability and cost of funding. 

 As disclosed in more detail in the Liquidity and Borrowings section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report, a large portion of our borrowings is in the form of commercial paper and long-term debt. We continue to rely on the availability of the unsecured debt markets to access funding for term and commercial paper maturities for 2014 and beyond and to fund our operations without incurring additional U.S. tax. In addition, we rely on the availability of the commercial paper markets to refinance maturing commercial paper debt throughout the year. In order to further diversify our funding sources, GE Capital continues to expand its reliance on alternative sources of funding, including bank deposits, securitizations and other asset-based funding. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in increasing the diversification of our funding sources or that the short and long-term credit markets will be available or, if available, that the cost of funding will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability. Factors that may affect the availability of funding or cause an increase in our funding costs include: a decreased reliance on short-term funding, such as commercial paper, in favor of longer-term funding arrangements; decreased capacity and increased competition among debt issuers; increased competition for deposits in our affiliate banks’ markets; and potential market disruptions or other impacts arising in the United States or Europe from developments in sovereign debt situations. If GE Capital’s cost of funding were to increase, it may adversely affect its competitive position and result in lower net interest margins, earnings and cash flows as well as lower returns on its shareowner’s equity and invested capital. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (18) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 A deterioration of conditions in the global economy, the major industries we serve or the financial markets ,  or the soundness of financial institutions and governments we deal with, may adversely affect our business and results of operations . 

 The business and operating results of our industrial businesses have been, and will continue to be, affected by worldwide economic conditions, including conditions in the air and rail transportation, energy generation, healthcare, home building and other major industries we serve. Existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services, including large infrastructure projects, and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion as a result of business deterioration, cash flow shortages, and difficulty obtaining financing due to slower global economic growth and other challenges affecting the global economy. In particular, the airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and international economies. An extended period of slow growth in the U.S. or internationally that results in the loss of business and leisure traffic could have a material adverse effect on our airline customers and the viability of their business. Service contract cancellations or customer dynamics such as early aircraft retirements or reduced energy demand in our Power & Water business could affect our ability to fully recover our contract costs and estimated earnings. Further, our vendors may be experiencing similar conditions, which may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. If slower growth in the global economy continues for a significant period or there is significant deterioration in the global economy, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

 
 

 If conditions in the financial markets deteriorate, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover fully the value of certain assets, including real estate, goodwill, intangibles and tax assets. Deterioration in the economy and in default and recovery rates could require us to increase allowances for loan losses, impairments or write-offs, which, depending on the amount of the increase, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

 
 

 In addition, GE Capital has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, including sovereign governments, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose GE Capital to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. In addition, GE Capital’s credit risk may be increased when the value of collateral held cannot be realized through sale or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. GE Capital also has exposure to these financial institutions in the form of cash on deposit and unsecured debt instruments held in its investment portfolios. GE Capital has policies relating to credit rating requirements and to exposure limits to counterparties (as described in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report), which are designed to limit credit and liquidity risk. There can be no assurance, however, that any losses or impairments to the carrying value of financial assets would not materially and adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations. 

 
 

 Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. 

 The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate our debt. This evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. As of December 31, 2013, GE and GECC’s long-term unsecured debt credit rating from Standard and Poor’s Ratings Service (S&P) was AA+ (the second highest of 22 rating categories) with a stable outlook. The long-term unsecured debt credit rating from Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) for GE was Aa3 (the fourth highest of 21 rating categories) and for GECC was A1 (the fifth highest of 21 credit ratings), both with stable outlooks. As of December 31, 2013, GE and GECC’s short-term credit rating from S&P was A-1+ (the highest rating category of six categories) and from Moody’s was P-1 (the highest rating category of four categories). There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings and failure to do so could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. Various debt and derivative instruments, guarantees and covenants would require posting additional capital or collateral in the event of a ratings downgrade, which, depending on the extent of the downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital position. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (19) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services and data.  

 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers’, suppliers’ and third-party service providers’ products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. We also may have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased protection costs, litigation or regulatory action. 

 
 

 We may face operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position and results of operations, and we are dependent on maintenance of existing product lines, market acceptance of new product and service introductions and product and service innovations for continued revenue and earnings growth. 

 We produce highly sophisticated products and provide specialized services for both our and third-party products that incorporate or use leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. While we have built extensive operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture and servicing of such products meet the most rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we or our customers or other third parties will not experience operational process failures or other problems, including through intentional acts, that could result in potential product, safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Despite the existence of crisis management or business continuity plans, operational failures or quality issues, including as a result of organizational changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the markets in which we operate are subject to technological change and require skilled talent. Our long-term operating results depend substantially upon our ability to continually develop, introduce, and market new and innovative products and services, to modify existing products and services, to customize products and services, to respond to technological change and to execute our product and service development in line with our projected cost estimates. 

 
 

 Our intellectual property portfolio may not prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar to or duplicative to ours. 

 Our patents and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling products and services similar to or duplicative of ours, and there can be no assurance that the resources invested by us to protect our intellectual property will be sufficient or that our intellectual property portfolio will adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of our technology. We could also face competition in some countries where we have not invested in an intellectual property portfolio. We also face attempts to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems or products for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of our investment in research and development. We may be unable to secure or retain ownership or rights to use data in certain software analytics or services offerings. In addition, we may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties, including non-practicing entities. Regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. If GE is found to infringe any third-party rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services. Also, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or renew from third parties the licenses we need in the future, and there is no assurance that such licenses can be obtained on reasonable terms. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (20) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Significant raw material shortages, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions, supplier quality and sourcing issues or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products. 

 Our reliance on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers and service providers, and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials, parts, components, systems and services. Some of these suppliers or their sub-suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers or service providers, capacity constraints, production disruptions, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of catastrophic events, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Quality and sourcing issues experienced by third-party providers can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and result in liability and reputational harm. 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 Item 2. Properties 

   

 Manufacturing operations are carried out at approximately 237 manufacturing plants located in 38 states in the United States and Puerto Rico and at approximately 305 manufacturing plants located in 40 other countries. 

 
 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

   

 As previously reported, in February and March 2012, two shareholder derivative actions were filed in New York Supreme Court naming as defendants GE, a number of GE officers (including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer) and our directors. The complaints sought unspecified damages and principally alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and other causes of action related to 2009 earnings forecasts for GE Capital, changes in the GE dividend and GE’s credit rating in 2009 and GE’s 2008 commercial paper program. In June 2012, these two cases were consolidated into a single action. GE filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated action in December 2012. On November 7, 2013, the court entered an order dismissing the consolidated complaint and granting plaintiffs leave to serve an amended complaint. Plaintiffs served, and later withdrew, an amended complaint, and on January 3, 2014, the court directed the entry of final judgment in favor of GE. 

   

 
 There are 14 lawsuits relating to pending mortgage loan repurchase claims in which WMC, our U.S. mortgage business that we sold in 2007, is a party. The adverse parties in these cases are securitization trustees or parties claiming to act on their behalf. While the alleged claims for relief vary from case to case, the complaints and counterclaims in these actions generally assert claims for breach of contract, indemnification, and/or declaratory judgment, and seek specific performance (repurchase) and/or monetary damages. In the fourth quarter of 2013, WMC entered into settlements that reduce its exposure on claims asserted in certain securitizations. Pending claim and Litigation Claim amounts reported herein reflect the impact of these settlements. 

   

 Five WMC cases are pending in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut. Four of these cases were initiated in 2012, and one was initiated in the third quarter of 2013. Deutsche Bank National Trust Company (Deutsche Bank) is the adverse party in four cases, and Law Debenture Trust Company of New York (Law Debenture) is the adverse party in one case. The Deutsche Bank complaints assert claims on approximately $2,800 million of mortgage loans and seek to recover damages in excess of approximately $1,800 million. The Law Debenture complaint asserts claims on approximately $800 million of mortgage loans, and alleges losses on these loans in excess of approximately $425 million. GECC was initially named a defendant in each of the Connecticut cases and has been dismissed from all of those cases without prejudice.  

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (21) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Four WMC cases are pending in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota against US Bank National Association (US Bank), one of which was initiated by WMC seeking declaratory judgment. Three of these cases were filed in 2012, and one was filed in 2011. One additional case filed by WMC in the fourth quarter 2012 was dismissed without prejudice in July 2013, due to a proceeding involving the same securitization in New York State Supreme Court, as described below. WMC voluntarily dismissed without prejudice in January 2014 two other cases in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota in which WMC had been seeking declaratory judgments. The Minnesota cases still pending involve claims on approximately $800 million of mortgage loans and do not specify the amount of damages sought. In September 2013, the District Court granted in part and denied in part WMC’s motions to dismiss or for summary judgment in these remaining cases, dismissing US Bank’s claims for indemnification and for damages based on WMC’s alleged refusal to repurchase but holding that WMC could be liable for money damages if US Bank can prove that WMC knew of a breach of representation or warranty in the mortgage loan pool of which the trustee had no knowledge and failed to notify the trustee. The court also held that US Bank may seek to recover money damages against WMC for losses incurred by the trustee arising from loans previously liquidated by the trustee if WMC was grossly negligent regarding notifying the trustee of the presence of defects in the loans. 

 
 

 Three cases are pending against WMC in New York State Supreme Court, all of which were initiated by securitization trustees or securities administrators. These cases involve, in the aggregate, claims involving approximately $3,600 million of mortgage loans. One of these lawsuits was initiated by Deutsche Bank in the second quarter 2013 and names as defendants WMC and Barclays Bank PLC. It involves claims against WMC on approximately $1,000 million of mortgage loans and does not specify the amount of damages sought. The second case, in which the plaintiff is The Bank of New York Mellon (BNY), was initiated in the fourth quarter 2012 and names as defendants WMC, J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. GECC, which was initially named, is no longer a defendant. This case arises from the same securitization as one of the cases initiated by WMC in Minnesota, noted above. BNY asserts claims on approximately $1,300 million of mortgage loans, and seeks to recover damages in excess of $650 million. The third case was initiated by BNY in November 2013 and names as defendants WMC, J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. In this case, BNY asserts claims on approximately $1,300 million of mortgage loans, and seeks to recover damages in excess of $600 million. An additional case, initiated in the second quarter 2013 by Seagull Point, LLC (Seagull Point), acting individually and purportedly on behalf of Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE5, named as defendants WMC, Decision One Mortgage Company, LLC (Decision One), Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc., and Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE5 (as nominal defendant), and sought damages against WMC and Decision One in excess of $475 million. Seagull Point dismissed the case in January 2014. 

   

 
 Two cases are pending against WMC in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. One case, in which the plaintiff is BNY, was filed in the third quarter 2012. In the second quarter 2013, BNY filed an amended complaint in which it asserts claims on approximately $900 million of mortgage loans, and seeks to recover damages in excess of $378 million. In September 2013, the District Court issued a ruling from the bench denying WMC’s motion to dismiss the trustee’s claim for damages and holding that the initial submission of claims on certain mortgage loans was sufficient to provide notice to WMC that the entire pool of loans supporting the securitization was potentially subject to claims for relief by the trustee. One case was initiated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) by filing a summons with notice in the fourth quarter 2012. In the second quarter 2013, Deutsche Bank, in its role as securitization trustee of the trust at issue in the case, intervened as a plaintiff and filed a complaint relating to approximately $1,300 million of loans and alleging losses in excess of approximately $100 million. In December 2013, the District Court issued an order denying WMC’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on statute of limitations and other grounds. 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (22) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The amounts of the mortgage loans at issue in these cases (discussed above) reflect the purchase price or unpaid principal balances of the loans at the time of purchase and do not give effect to pay downs, accrued interest or fees, or potential recoveries based upon the underlying collateral. Of the mortgage loans involved in these lawsuits, approximately $3,900 million were included in WMC’s pending claims at December 31, 2013. The claims relating to other mortgage loans not included in WMC’s pending claims consist of sampling-based claims in two cases on approximately $600 million of mortgage loans and, in ten cases, claims for repurchase or damages based on the alleged failure to provide notice of defective loans, breach of a corporate representation and warranty, and/or non-specific claims for rescissionary damages on approximately $6,200 million of mortgage loans, as of December 31, 2013. The dismissal of a lawsuit subsequent to December 31, 2013 decreased the pending claims amount by $123 million and the Litigation Claims amount by $318 million. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report for additional information. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 Part II 

   

   

   

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

   

 With respect to “Market Information,” in the United States, GE common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (its principal market). GE common stock is also listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Trading prices, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., Composite Transactions Tape, and dividend information follow: 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Common stock market price 
 
   
 
 Dividends 
 
 
 
 (In dollars) 
 
 
 High 
 
   
 
 Low 
 
   
 
 declared 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 28.09  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 23.50  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 0.22  
 
 
 
 Third quarter 
 
   
 
 24.95  
 
   
   
 
 22.76  
 
   
   
 
 0.19  
 
 
 
 Second quarter 
 
   
 
 24.45  
 
   
   
 
 21.11  
 
   
   
 
 0.19  
 
 
 
 First quarter 
 
   
 
 23.90  
 
   
   
 
 20.68  
 
   
   
 
 0.19  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 23.18  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 19.87  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 0.19  
 
 
 
 Third quarter 
 
   
 
 22.96  
 
   
   
 
 19.36  
 
   
   
 
 0.17  
 
 
 
 Second quarter 
 
   
 
 20.84  
 
   
   
 
 18.02  
 
   
   
 
 0.17  
 
 
 
 First quarter 
 
   
 
 21.00  
 
   
   
 
 18.23  
 
   
   
 
 0.17  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 As of January 31, 2014, there were approximately 500,000 shareowner accounts of record. 

 
   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (23) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 

 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we purchased shares of our common stock as follows. 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Approximate  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 dollar value  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Total number 
 
   
 
 of shares that  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 of shares 
 
   
 
 may yet be  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 purchased 
 
   
 
 purchased  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 as part of 
 
   
 
 under our  
 
   
 
   
   
 
 Total number 
 
   
 
 Average  
 
   
 
 our share 
 
   
 
 share  
 
   
 
   
   
 
 of shares 
 
   
 
 price paid  
 
   
 
 repurchase 
 
   
 
 repurchase  
 
   
 
 
 Period (a) 
 
   
 
 purchased 
 
 
 (a)(b) 
 
 
 per share  
 
   
 
 program 
 
 
 (a)(c) 
 
 
 program  
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 
 (Shares in thousands) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 October 
 
   
   
 
  6,117  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  25.32  
 
   
   
 
  6,010  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 November 
 
   
   
 
  26,466  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  27.00  
 
   
   
 
  26,385  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 
 
   
   
 
  55,610  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  27.18  
 
   
   
 
  55,493  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total 
 
   
   
 
  88,193  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  27.00  
 
   
   
 
  87,888  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 12.3  
 
 
 billion 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Information is presented on a fiscal calendar basis, consistent with our quarterly financial reporting. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 This category includes 305 thousand shares repurchased from our various benefit plans. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Shares are repurchased through the 2007 GE Share Repurchase Program (the Program). Effective December 14, 2012, we increased the existing Program authorization by $10 billion to $25 billion and extended the Program, which would have otherwise expired on December 31, 2013, through 2015. Effective February 12, 2013, we increased this Program authorization by an additional $10 billion resulting in authorization to repurchase up to a total of $35 billion of our common stock through 2015. As of December 31, 2013, we had repurchased a total of approximately $22.7 billion of common stock under the Program. The Program is flexible and shares are acquired with a combination of borrowings and free cash flow from the public markets and other sources, including GE Stock Direct, a stock purchase plan that is available to the public. 
 
 
 

   

 
 For information regarding compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance, see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (24) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Five-year financial performance graph: 2009-2013 

   

 Comparison of five-year cumulative return among GE, S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average 

   

 The annual changes for the five-year period shown in the graph on this page are based on the assumption that $100 had been invested in GE stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) on December 31, 2008, and that all quarterly dividends were reinvested. The total cumulative dollar returns shown on the graph represent the value that such investments would have had on December 31, 2013. 

 
 

 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
 2008  
 
   
   
 
 2009  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  100  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 100  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 124  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 125  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 151  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 209  
 
 
 
 S&P 500 
 
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
 
 126  
 
   
   
 
 145  
 
   
   
 
 149  
 
   
   
 
 172  
 
   
   
 
 228  
 
 
 
 DJIA 
 
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
 
 123  
 
   
   
 
 140  
 
   
   
 
 152  
 
   
   
 
 167  
 
   
   
 
 216  
 
 
 

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (25) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

   

 The following table provides key information for Consolidated, GE and GECC. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (Dollars in millions; per-share amounts in dollars) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2010  
 
   
 
 2009  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 General Electric Company and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consolidated Affiliates 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Revenues and other income 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  146,045  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  146,684  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  146,542  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  148,875  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  153,686  
 
   
 
 
       Earnings from continuing operations attributable to the 

       Company 
 
   
 
  15,177  
 
   
   
 
  14,624  
 
   
   
 
  14,122  
 
   
   
 
  12,577  
 
   
   
 
  10,993  
 
   
 
 
        Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
  (983) 
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  (933) 
 
   
   
 
  32  
 
   
 
 
     Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
   
   
 
  11,644  
 
   
   
 
  11,025  
 
   
 
 
     Dividends declared(a) 
 
   
 
  8,060  
 
   
   
 
  7,372  
 
   
   
 
  7,498  
 
   
   
 
  5,212  
 
   
   
 
  6,785  
 
   
 
 
     Return on average GE shareowners’ equity(b) 
 
   
 
  12.2  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  12.1  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  12.1  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  12.3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  11.7  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
     Per common share 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Earnings from continuing operations – diluted 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.47  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.38  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.23  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.15  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.00  
 
   
 
 
        Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – diluted 
 
   
 
  (0.21) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
 -  
 
   
   
 
  (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
 -  
 
   
 
 
        Net earnings – diluted 
 
   
 
  1.27  
 
   
   
 
  1.29  
 
   
   
 
  1.23  
 
   
   
 
  1.06  
 
   
   
 
  1.01  
 
   
 
 
        Earnings from continuing operations – basic 
 
   
 
  1.48  
 
   
   
 
  1.39  
 
   
   
 
  1.23  
 
   
   
 
  1.15  
 
   
   
 
  1.00  
 
   
 
 
        Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – basic 
 
   
 
  (0.21) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
 -  
 
   
   
 
  (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
 -  
 
   
 
 
        Net earnings – basic 
 
   
 
  1.28  
 
   
   
 
  1.29  
 
   
   
 
  1.24  
 
   
   
 
  1.06  
 
   
    
 
  1.01  
 
   
 
 
        Dividends declared 
 
   
 
  0.79  
 
   
   
 
  0.70  
 
   
   
 
  0.61  
 
   
   
 
  0.46  
 
   
    
 
  0.61  
 
   
 
 
        Stock price range 
 
 
 28.09-20.68  
 
   
 
 23.18-18.02  
 
   
 
 21.65-14.02  
 
   
 
 19.70-13.75  
 
   
 
 17.52-5.87  
 
   
 
 
        Year-end closing stock price 
 
   
 
  28.03  
 
   
   
 
  20.99  
 
   
   
 
  17.91  
 
   
   
 
  18.29  
 
   
    
 
  15.13  
 
   
 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  88,555  
 
   
   
 
  77,268  
 
   
   
 
  84,440  
 
   
   
 
  78,917  
 
   
    
 
  70,469  
 
   
 
 
 Total assets of continuing operations 
 
   
 
  654,221  
 
   
   
 
  681,684  
 
   
   
 
  714,018  
 
   
   
 
  729,895  
 
   
    
 
  751,677  
 
   
 
 
 Total assets 
 
   
 
  656,560  
 
   
   
 
  684,999  
 
   
   
 
  718,003  
 
   
   
 
  745,426  
 
   
    
 
  780,309  
 
   
 
 
 Long-term borrowings 
 
   
 
  221,665  
 
   
   
 
  236,084  
 
   
   
 
  243,459  
 
   
   
 
  293,323  
 
   
    
 
  336,172  
 
   
 
 
 Common shares outstanding – average (in thousands) 
 
 
 10,222,198  
 
   
 
 10,522,922  
 
   
 
 10,591,146  
 
   
 
 10,661,078  
 
   
 
 10,613,717  
 
   
 
 
 Common shareowner accounts – average 
 
   
 
  512,000  
 
   
   
 
  537,000  
 
   
   
 
  570,000  
 
   
   
 
  588,000  
 
   
    
 
  605,000  
 
   
 
 
 Employees at year end(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     United States 
 
   
 
  135,000  
 
   
   
 
  134,000  
 
   
   
 
  131,000  
 
   
   
 
  121,000  
 
   
    
 
  122,000  
 
   
 
 
     Other countries 
 
   
 
  172,000  
 
   
   
 
  171,000  
 
   
   
 
  170,000  
 
   
   
 
  152,000  
 
   
    
 
  168,000  
 
   
 
 
 Total employees(c) 
 
   
 
  307,000  
 
   
   
 
  305,000  
 
   
   
 
  301,000  
 
   
   
 
  273,000  
 
   
    
 
  290,000  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE data 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Short-term borrowings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,841  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,041  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,184  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  456  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  504  
 
    
 
 
     Long-term borrowings 
 
   
 
  11,515  
 
    
   
 
  11,428  
 
   
   
 
  9,405  
 
    
   
 
  9,656  
 
    
   
 
  11,681  
 
    
 
 
     Noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  836  
 
    
   
 
  777  
 
   
   
 
  1,006  
 
    
   
 
  4,098  
 
    
   
 
  5,797  
 
    
 
 
     GE shareowners’ equity 
 
   
 
  130,566  
 
    
   
 
  123,026  
 
   
   
 
  116,438  
 
    
   
 
  118,936  
 
    
   
 
  117,291  
 
    
 
 
        Total capital invested 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  144,758  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  141,272  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  129,033  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  133,146  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  135,273  
 
    
 
 
     Return on average total capital invested(b) 
 
   
 
  11.3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  11.7  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  11.7  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  12.0  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  10.7  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
     Borrowings as a percentage of total capital invested(b) 
 
   
 
  9.2  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  12.4  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  9.0  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  7.6  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  9.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
     Working capital(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,278) 
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  (567) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,712) 
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  (3,035) 
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,596) 
 
    
 
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC data 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Revenues 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  44,067  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  45,364  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  48,324  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  49,163  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  51,065  
 
    
 
 
     Earnings from continuing operations attributable to GECC 
 
   
 
  8,258  
 
    
   
 
  7,345  
 
   
   
 
  6,480  
 
    
   
 
  3,083  
 
    
   
 
  1,364  
 
    
 
 
     Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        attributable to GECC 
 
   
 
  (2,054) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,130) 
 
   
   
 
  30  
 
   
   
 
  (928) 
 
   
   
 
  51  
 
   
 
 
     Net earnings attributable to GECC 
 
   
 
  6,204  
 
    
   
 
  6,215  
 
   
   
 
  6,510  
 
    
   
 
  2,155  
 
    
   
 
  1,415  
 
    
 
 
     Net earnings attributable to GECC common shareowner 
 
   
 
  5,906  
 
   
   
 
  6,092  
 
   
   
 
  6,510  
 
   
   
 
  2,155  
 
   
   
 
  1,415  
 
   
 
 
     GECC shareowners' equity 
 
   
 
  82,694  
 
    
   
 
  81,890  
 
   
   
 
  77,110  
 
    
   
 
  68,984  
 
    
   
 
  70,833  
 
    
 
 
     Total borrowings and bank deposits 
 
   
 
  371,062  
 
   
   
 
  397,039  
 
   
   
 
  442,830  
 
    
   
 
  470,363  
 
    
   
 
  493,223  
 
   
 
 
     Ratio of debt to equity at GECC(d) 
 
   
 
 4.49:1  
 
   
   
 
 4.85:1  
 
   
   
 
 5.74:1  
 
   
   
 
 6.82:1  
 
   
   
 
 6.96:1  
 
   
 
 
     Total assets(e) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  516,829  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  539,351  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  584,643  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  605,365  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  650,465  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 Transactions between GE and GECC have been eliminated from the consolidated information. 

   
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included $1,031 million of preferred stock dividends ($806 million related to our preferred stock redemption) in 2011 and $300 million in both 2010 and 2009. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Indicates terms are defined in the Glossary. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Excludes NBC Universal employees of 14,000 in both 2010 and 2009. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Ratios of 3.19:1, 3.66:1, 4.23:1, 5.25:1 and 5.45:1 for 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, net of cash and equivalents and with classification of hybrid debt as equity. For purposes of these ratios, cash and debt balances have been adjusted to include amounts classified as assets and liabilities of businesses held for sale and discontinued operations. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 GECC’s total assets excludes deferred income tax liabilities, which are presented as assets for purposes of our consolidating balance sheet presentation. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (26) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

   

 Operations 

   

 The consolidated financial statements of General Electric Company (the Company) combine the industrial manufacturing and services businesses of General Electric Company (GE) with the financial services businesses of General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC or financial services). Unless otherwise indicated by the context, we use the terms “GE” and “GECC” on the basis of consolidation described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 In the accompanying analysis of financial information, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial information but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP financial measures” under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules. For such measures, we have provided supplemental explanations and reconciliations in the Supplemental Information section. 

 
 

 We present Management’s Discussion of Operations in five parts: Overview of Our Earnings from 2011 through 2013, Global Risk Management, Segment Operations, Geographic Operations and Environmental Matters. Unless otherwise indicated, we refer to captions such as revenues and other income and earnings from continuing operations attributable to the company simply as “revenues” and “earnings” throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Similarly, discussion of other matters in our consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations unless otherwise indicated. Discussion of GECC’s total assets excludes deferred income tax liabilities, which are presented as assets for purposes of our consolidating balance sheet presentations for this filing. 

 
 

 We supplement our GAAP net earnings and earnings per share (EPS) reporting by also reporting operating earnings and operating EPS (non-GAAP measures). Operating earnings and operating EPS include service costs and plan amendment amortization for our principal pension plans as these costs represent expenses associated with employee benefits earned. Operating earnings and operating EPS exclude non-operating pension cost/income such as interest costs, expected return on plan assets and non-cash amortization of actuarial gains and losses. We believe that this reporting provides better transparency to the employee benefit costs of our principal pension plans and Company operating results. 

 
 

 Overview of Our Earnings from 2011 through 2013 

   

 Earnings from continuing operations attributable to the Company increased 4% to $15.2 billion in 2013 and increased 4% to $14.6 billion in 2012, reflecting strong industrial segment growth and continued stabilization in financial services during the last two years. Operating earnings (non-GAAP measure), which exclude non-operating pension costs, increased 5% to $16.9 billion in 2013 compared with an 8% increase to $16.0 billion in 2012. Earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations increased 7% to $1.47 in 2013 compared with a 12% increase to $1.38 in 2012. Operating EPS (non-GAAP measure) increased 9% to $1.64 in 2013 compared with a 16% increase to $1.51 in 2012. Net earnings attributable to the Company decreased 4% in 2013 reflecting a 4% increase in earnings from continuing operations, more than offset by an increase in losses from discontinued operations. Net earnings attributable to the Company decreased 4% in 2012 reflecting losses from discontinued operations, partially offset by an increase of 4% in earnings from continuing operations. We begin 2014 with a record backlog of $244 billion, continue to invest in market-leading technology and services and expect to continue industrial segment revenue and earnings growth. 

 
 

 Power & Water (18% and 23% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues decreased 13% in 2013 primarily as a result of lower volume and the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by higher prices and other income. Revenues increased 10% in 2012 primarily as higher volume and other income were partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar and lower prices. Segment profit decreased 8% in 2013 primarily driven by lower volume and lower cost productivity, partially offset by the effects of deflation, higher prices and other income. Segment profit increased 8% in 2012 as higher volume, increased other income and deflation were partially offset by lower prices, lower productivity and the stronger U.S. dollar. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (27) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Oil & Gas (10% and 8% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues increased 11% in 2013 primarily as a result of higher volume and higher prices. Revenues increased 12% in 2012 as higher volume (driven by acquisitions) and higher sales of both equipment and services were partially offset by the stronger U.S. dollar. Segment profit increased 13% in 2013 primarily on higher volume and higher prices, partially offset by lower cost productivity. Segment profit increased 16% in 2012 on higher volume and increased productivity, partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar. 

 
 

 Energy Management (5% and less than 1% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues increased 2% in 2013 as higher volume was partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar. In 2012, revenues increased 15% as a result of higher volume primarily from acquisitions, higher prices and increased other income offset partially by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar. Segment profit decreased 16% in 2013 primarily driven by lower productivity. Segment profit increased 68% in 2012 primarily driven by higher prices and increased other income. 

 
 

 Aviation (14% and 17% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues increased 10% in 2013 on higher volume and higher prices primarily driven by higher services and equipment sales in commercial spares and commercial engines, respectively. In 2012, Aviation revenues increased 6% as a result of higher prices and higher volume driven by increased commercial and military engine sales. Segment profit increased 16% in 2013 as a result of higher prices, higher volume and increased other income offset partially by the effects of inflation and lower productivity. Segment profit increased 7% in 2012 as higher prices and higher volume were partially offset by the effects of inflation and lower productivity. 

 
 

 Healthcare (12% and 13% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues were slightly lower in 2013 on lower prices and the effects of a stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by higher volume. Revenues increased 1% in 2012 due to higher volume in international equipment sales, with the strongest growth in emerging markets and other income, partially offset by the stronger U.S. dollar and lower prices. Segment profit increased 4% in 2013 as a result of increased productivity and volume, partially offset by lower prices, the effects of inflation and the stronger U.S. dollar. Segment profit increased 4% in 2012 as increased productivity, higher volume and other income were partially offset by lower prices and the effects of inflation. 

 
 

 Transportation (4% and 4% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues increased 5% in 2013 due to higher volume, primarily from acquisitions. Revenues increased 15% in 2012 due to higher volume and higher prices related to increased equipment sales and services. Segment profit increased 13% in 2013 as a result of the effects of deflation, higher volume and increased productivity. Segment profit increased 36% in 2012 as a result of higher volume, higher prices and increased productivity, reflecting improved service margins. 

 
 

 Appliances & Lighting (formerly Home & Business Solutions) (5% and 1% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues increased 5% in 2013 primarily on higher volume at Appliances. In 2012, revenues increased 4% reflecting higher prices at Appliances, partially offset by lower volume. Segment profit increased 23% in 2013 primarily as a result of improved productivity and higher prices. Segment profit increased 31% in 2012 as a result of higher prices, partially offset by the effects of inflation and lower productivity. 

 
 

 GE Capital (31% and 33% of consolidated three-year revenues and total segment profit, respectively) revenues decreased 3% in 2013 and 6% in 2012, reflecting a reduction in ending net investment (ENI). Net earnings increased 12% in 2013 and 13% in 2012 as a result of dispositions and higher gains, partially offset by higher impairments and higher provisions for losses on financing receivables. We reduced ENI, excluding cash and equivalents, to $380 billion at December 31, 2013. GECC is a diversely funded and smaller, more focused finance company with strong positions in several commercial mid-market and consumer financing segments. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (28) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 We integrate acquisitions as quickly as possible. Only revenues and earnings from the date we complete the acquisition through the end of the following fourth quarter are attributed to such businesses. Overall, the effects of acquisitions increased consolidated revenues $1.6 billion, $2.0 billion and $4.5 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The effects of acquisitions on our consolidated net earnings were increases of $0.1 billion, $0.1 billion and an insignificant amount in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Dispositions also affected our ongoing results through lower revenues of $0.1 billion, $5.1 billion and $12.6 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The effects of dispositions on net earnings were an increase of $1.4 billion in 2013 and decreases of $0.3 billion in both 2012 and 2011. 

 
 

 Discontinued Operations.  In 2013, we sold our CLL trailer services business in Europe (CLL Trailer Services) and announced the planned sale of our Consumer banking business in Russia (Consumer Russia). These actions are consistent with our goal of reducing GECC ENI and focusing our businesses on selective financial services products where we have deep domain experience, broad distribution, and the ability to earn a consistent return on capital, while managing our overall balance sheet size and risk. Discontinued operations also includes GE Money Japan (our Japanese personal loan business, Lake, and our Japanese mortgage and card businesses, excluding our investment in GE Nissen Credit Co., Ltd.), our U.S. mortgage business (WMC), our U.S. recreational vehicle and marine equipment financing business (Consumer RV Marine), Consumer Mexico, Consumer Singapore, our Consumer home lending operations in Australia and New Zealand (Australian Home Lending) and our Consumer mortgage lending business in Ireland (Consumer Ireland). All of these operations were previously reported in the GE Capital segment. 

 
 

 We reported the operations described above as discontinued operations for all periods presented. For further information about discontinued operations, see the Segment Operations – Discontinued Operations section in this Item and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 We declared $8.1 billion in dividends in 2013.  Common per-share dividends increased 13% to $0.79 in 2013 after an increase of 15% to $0.70 in 2012. We increased our quarterly dividend four times between 2011 and 2013, and on February 7, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per share of common stock, which is payable April 25, 2014, to shareowners of record at close of business on February 24, 2014. In 2011, we declared $1.0 billion in preferred stock dividends (including $0.8 billion as a result of our redemption of preferred stock). See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report for additional information. 

 
 

 Except as otherwise noted, the analysis in the remainder of this section presents the results of GE (with GECC included on a one-line basis) and GECC. See the Segment Operations section of this Item and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report for a more detailed discussion of the businesses within GE and GECC. 

 
 

 Significant matters relating to our Statement of Earnings are explained below. 

 
 

 GE sales of product services  were $44.8 billion in 2013, an increase of 3% compared with 2012, and operating profit from product services was $13.4 billion in 2013, an increase of 7% compared with 2012. Both the sales and operating profit of product services increases were at Oil & Gas, Aviation, Energy Management and Transportation. GE sales of product services were $43.4 billion in 2012, an increase of 4% compared with 2011, and operating profit from product services was $12.5 billion in 2012, an increase of 6% compared with 2011. Both the sales and operating profit of product services increases were at Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Transportation and Energy Management. 

 
 

 Postretirement benefit plans  costs were $6.0 billion, $5.5 billion and $4.1 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Costs increased in 2013 and 2012 primarily due to the continued amortization of 2008 investment losses and the effects of lower discount rates (principal pension plans discount rate decreased from 5.28% at December 31, 2010 to 4.21% and 3.96% at December 31, 2011 and 2012, respectively.) 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (29) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Our discount rate for our principal pension plans at December 31, 2013 was 4.85%, which reflected current interest rates. Considering the current and target asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of assets in which our plans are invested, we have assumed that long-term returns on our principal pension plan assets will be 7.5% for cost recognition in 2014, a reduction from the 8.0% we assumed in 2013, 2012 and 2011. GAAP provides for recognition of differences between assumed and actual returns over a period no longer than the average future service of employees. See the Critical Accounting Estimates section for additional information. 

 
 

 We expect the costs of our postretirement benefits to decrease in 2014 by approximately $1.3 billion as compared to 2013, primarily because of the effects of higher discount rates and lower loss amortization related to our principal pension plans, partially offset by lower expected investment return on pension plan assets. 

 
 

 Pension expense for our principal pension plans on a GAAP basis was $4.4 billion, $3.8 billion and $2.4 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Operating pension costs (non-GAAP) for these plans were $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.4 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Operating earnings include service cost and prior service cost amortization for our principal pension plans as these costs represent expenses associated with employee service. Operating earnings exclude non-operating pension costs/income such as interest cost, expected return on plan assets and non-cash amortization of actuarial gains and losses. We expect operating pension costs for these plans will be about $1.4 billion in 2014. The expected decrease in operating pension costs is attributable primarily to the effects of higher discount rates and lower early retirement costs. 

 
 

 The GE Pension Plan was underfunded by $4.7 billion at the end of 2013 as compared to $13.3 billion at December 31, 2012. The GE Supplementary Pension Plan, which is an unfunded plan, had projected benefit obligations of $5.2 billion and $5.5 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Our underfunding at year-end 2013 was significantly reduced as compared to 2012 as the effects of higher discount rates and higher investment returns (14.6% return in 2013) more than offset liability growth. Our principal pension plans discount rate increased from 3.96% at December 31, 2012 to 4.85% at December 31, 2013, which decreased the pension benefit obligation at year-end 2013 by approximately $6.8 billion. Our GE Pension Plan assets increased from $44.7 billion at the end of 2012 to $48.3 billion at December 31, 2013, primarily driven by higher investment returns that were partially offset by benefit payments made during the year. Assets of the GE Pension Plan are held in trust, solely for the benefit of Plan participants, and are not available for general company operations. 

 
 

 On July 6, 2012, the U.S. government enacted the “Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act”, which contained provisions that changed the interest rate methodology used to calculate Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) minimum pension funding requirements in the U.S. This change reduced our near-term annual cash funding requirements for the GE Pension Plan. We contributed $0.4 billion to the GE Pension Plan in 2012. We did not contribute to the GE Pension Plan in 2013.  

 
 

 On an ERISA basis, our preliminary estimate is that the GE Pension Plan was approximately 97% funded at January 1, 2014. We will contribute approximately $0.5 billion to the GE Pension Plan in 2014. Our current estimate of the projected 2015 GE Pension Plan required contribution is approximately $2.4 billion. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, the fair value of assets for our other pension plans was $2.5 billion less than the respective projected benefit obligations. The comparable amount at December 31, 2012, was $3.9 billion. This decrease was primarily attributable to higher discount rates and higher investment returns. We expect to contribute $0.8 billion to our other pension plans in 2014, as compared to $0.7 billion in both 2013 and 2012. 

 
 

 The unfunded liability for our principal retiree health and life plans was $9.0 billion and $10.9 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. This decrease was primarily attributable to the effects of higher discount rates (retiree health and life plans discount rate increased from 3.74% at December 31, 2012 to 4.61% at December 31, 2013) and lower costs from new healthcare supplier contracts. We fund our retiree health benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis. We expect to contribute $0.5 billion to these plans in 2014 compared with actual contributions of $0.5 billion in both 2013 and 2012. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (30) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The funded status of our postretirement benefits plans and future effects on operating results depend on economic conditions and investment performance. For additional information about funded status, components of earnings effects and actuarial assumptions, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Other costs and expenses  are primarily selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A). GE’s costs were 15.9%, 17.5% and 18.5% of total sales in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The 2013 decrease was primarily driven by the effects of global cost reduction initiatives both in the industrial segments and corporate as a result of our simplification efforts, partially offset by increased acquisition-related costs and higher restructuring. The 2012 decrease was driven by increased sales and the effects of global cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by increased acquisition-related costs at GE. 

 
 

 Interest on borrowings and other financial charges  amounted to $10.1 billion, $12.4 billion and $14.4 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Substantially all of our borrowings are in financial services, where interest expense was $9.3 billion, $11.6 billion and $13.8 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. GECC average borrowings declined from 2012 to 2013 and from 2011 to 2012, in line with changes in average GECC assets. Interest rates have decreased over the three-year period primarily attributable to declining global benchmark interest rates. GECC average borrowings were $379.5 billion, $420.0 billion and $450.5 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The GECC average composite effective interest rate was 2.4% in 2013, 2.8% in 2012 and 3.1% in 2011. In 2013, GECC average assets of $522.7 billion were 7% lower than in 2012, which in turn were 5% lower than in 2011. See the Liquidity and Borrowings section in this Item for a discussion of liquidity, borrowings and interest rate risk management. 

 
 

 Income taxes  have a significant effect on our net earnings. As a global commercial enterprise, our tax rates are affected by many factors, including our global mix of earnings, the extent to which those global earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the United States, legislation, acquisitions, dispositions and tax characteristics of our income. Our tax rates are also affected by tax incentives introduced in the U.S. and other countries to encourage and support certain types of activity. Our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. 

 
 

 GE and GECC file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. This enables GE to use GECC tax deductions and credits to reduce the tax that otherwise would have been payable by GE. 

 
 

 Income taxes on consolidated earnings from continuing operations were 4.2% in 2013 compared with 14.6% in 2012 and 28.5% in 2011. 

 
 

 Our consolidated income tax rate is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily because of benefits from lower-taxed global operations, including the use of global funding structures. There is a benefit from global operations as non-U.S. income is subject to local country tax rates that are significantly below the 35% U.S. statutory rate. These non-U.S. earnings have been indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. and are not subject to current U.S. income tax. The rate of tax on our indefinitely reinvested non-U.S. earnings is below the 35% U.S. statutory rate because we have significant business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the U.S. statutory rate and because GE funds the majority of its non-U.S. operations through foreign companies that are subject to low foreign taxes. 

 
 

 We expect our ability to benefit from non-U.S. income taxed at less than the U.S. rate to continue, subject to changes in U.S. or foreign law, including the expiration of the U.S. tax law provision deferring tax on active financial services income, as discussed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. In addition, since this benefit depends on management’s intention to indefinitely reinvest amounts outside the U.S., our tax provision will increase to the extent we no longer indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (31) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Our benefits from lower-taxed global operations increased to $4.0 billion in 2013 from $2.2 billion in 2012 principally because of the realization of benefits related to the sale of 68.5% of our Swiss consumer finance bank, Cembra Money Bank AG (Cembra), through an initial public offering (IPO), the realization of benefits for prior-year losses, and the resolution of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) audits. Our benefits from lower-taxed global operations increased to $2.2 billion in 2012 from $2.1 billion in 2011, principally because of the realization of benefits for prior-year losses and a decrease in current-year losses for which there was not a full tax benefit. 

 
 

 The benefit from lower-taxed global operations included $0.4 billion, $0.1 billion and $0.1 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, due to audit resolutions. Our benefit from lower-taxed global operations included the effect of the lower foreign tax rate on our indefinitely reinvested non-U.S. earnings, which provided a tax benefit of $2.5 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Included in 2013 is a benefit from the indefinite investment of the eligible earnings from the sale of a portion of Cembra. The tax benefit from non-U.S. income taxed at a local country rather than the U.S. statutory tax rate is reported in the effective tax rate reconciliation in the caption “Tax on global earnings including exports” in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. To the extent global interest rates and non-U.S. operating income increase, we would expect tax benefits to increase, subject to management’s intention to indefinitely reinvest those earnings. 

   

 The decrease in the consolidated effective tax rate from 2012 to 2013 was primarily attributable to an increase in tax benefits on lower-taxed global operations, including the tax benefit on the sale of a portion of Cembra. The effective tax rate was also lower due to favorable resolution of audit matters and lower income taxed at rates above the average tax rate, partially offset by the absence of the 2012 benefit attributable to the high tax basis in the entity sold in the Business Property disposition. 

 
 

 The decrease in the consolidated effective tax rate from 2011 to 2012 was due, in significant part, to the high effective tax rate in 2011 on the pre-tax gain on the NBC Universal (NBCU) transaction with Comcast Corporation (Comcast) discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplemental Data” of this Form 10-K Report. This gain increased the 2011 consolidated effective tax rate by 12.9 percentage points. The effective tax rate was also lower due to the benefit of the high tax basis in the entity sold in the Business Properties disposition. 

 
 

 Cash income taxes paid in 2013 were $2.5 billion, reflecting the effects of changes to temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and the timing of tax payments to governments. 

 
 

 On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was enacted and the law extended several provisions, including a two-year extension of the U.S. tax provision deferring tax on active financial services income and certain U.S. business credits, retroactive to January 1, 2012. Under accounting rules, a tax law change is taken into account in calculating the income tax provision in the period enacted. Because the extension was enacted into law in 2013, tax expense in 2013 reflected retroactive extension of the previously expired provisions. 

 
 

 A more detailed analysis of differences between the U.S. federal statutory rate and the consolidated rate, as well as other information about our income tax provisions, is provided in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. The nature of business activities and associated income taxes differ for GE and for GECC and a separate analysis of each is presented in the paragraphs that follow. 

 
 

 We believe that the GE effective tax rate is best analyzed in relation to GE earnings before income taxes excluding the GECC net earnings from continuing operations, as GE tax expense does not include taxes on GECC earnings. GE pre-tax earnings from continuing operations, excluding GECC earnings from continuing operations, were $8.8 billion, $9.5 billion and $12.6 billion for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The decrease in earnings from 2011 to 2012 reflects the non-repeat of the pre-tax gain on sale of NBCU and higher loss amortization related to our principal pension plans. On this basis, GE’s effective tax rate was 18.9% in 2013, 21.3% in 2012 and 38.3% in 2011. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (32) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Resolution of audit matters reduced the GE effective tax rate throughout this period. The effects of such resolutions are included in the following captions in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Audit resolutions – 
 
   
 
   
 
 effect on GE tax rate, excluding GECC earnings 
 
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Tax on global activities including exports 
 
   
 
  (2.4) 
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  (0.7) 
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  (0.9) 
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 U.S. business credits 
 
   
 
  (0.6) 
 
   
   
 
 -  
 
   
   
 
  (0.4) 
 
   
 
 
 All other – net 
 
   
 
  (1.0) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.9) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.7) 
 
   
 
   
   
 
  (4.0) 
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  (1.6) 
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  (2.0) 
 
 
 % 
 
 
 

 
 

 The GE effective tax rate decreased from 2012 to 2013 primarily because of the benefit of audit resolutions shown above. 

   

 The GE effective tax rate decreased from 2011 to 2012 primarily because of the high effective tax rate in 2011 on the pre-tax gain on the NBCU transaction with Comcast reflecting the low tax basis in our investments in the NBCU business and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities related to our 49% investment in NBCUniversal LLC (NBCU LLC) (see Note 2). This gain increased the 2011 GE effective tax rate by 19.7 percentage points. Partially offsetting this decrease was an increase in the GE effective tax rate from 2011 to 2012 due to higher income taxed above the average rate and to the decrease in the benefit from audit resolutions shown above. 

   

 The GECC effective income tax rate is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily because of benefits from lower-taxed global operations, including the use of global funding structures. There is a tax benefit from global operations as non-U.S. income is subject to local country tax rates that are significantly below the 35% U.S. statutory rate. These non-U.S. earnings have been indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. and are not subject to current U.S. income tax. The rate of tax on our indefinitely reinvested non-U.S. earnings is below the 35% U.S. statutory rate because we have significant business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the U.S. statutory rate and because GECC funds the majority of its non-U.S. operations through foreign companies that are subject to low foreign taxes. 

 
 

 We expect our ability to benefit from non-U.S. income taxed at less than the U.S. rate to continue subject to changes of U.S. or foreign law, including the expiration of the U.S. tax law provision deferring tax on active financial services income, as discussed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. In addition, since this benefit depends on management’s intention to indefinitely reinvest amounts outside the U.S., our tax provision will increase to the extent we no longer indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings. 

 
 

 As noted above, GE and GECC file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. This enables GE to use GECC tax deductions and credits to reduce the tax that otherwise would have been payable by GE. The GECC effective tax rate for each period reflects the benefit of these tax reductions in the consolidated return. GE makes cash payments to GECC for these tax reductions at the time GE’s tax payments are due. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (33) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The GECC effective tax rate was (13.6)% in 2013, compared with 6.6% in 2012. Comparing pre-tax income to a tax benefit resulted in a negative tax rate for 2013. The GECC tax expense decreased by $1.5 billion from an expense of $0.5 billion in 2012 to a benefit of $1.0 billion in 2013. The lower 2013 tax expense is attributable to increased benefits from low-taxed global operations ($1.7 billion), including the significant tax benefit related to the sale of a portion of Cembra ($1.0 billion), and the 2013 tax benefits related to the extension of the U.S. tax provision deferring tax on active financial services income ($0.3 billion). Also lowering the expense is the benefit from the resolution of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) audit of the 2008-2009 tax years and items for other years ($0.1 billion), which is reported partially in the caption “Tax on global activities including exports” and partially in the caption “All other-net” in the effective tax rate reconciliation in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. The items lowering the expense are partially offset by the absence of the 2012 benefit attributable to the high tax basis in the entity sold in the Business Property disposition ($0.3 billion). 

 
 

 The GECC effective tax rate was 6.6% in 2012, compared with 12.1% in 2011. The GECC tax expense of $0.5 billion in 2012 decreased by $0.4 billion from $0.9 billion in 2011. The lower 2012 tax expense resulted principally from the benefit attributable to the high-tax basis in the entity sold in the Business Property disposition ($0.3 billion), increased benefits from low-taxed global operations ($0.2 billion) and the absence of the 2011 high-taxed disposition of Garanti Bank ($0.1 billion). Partially offsetting the decrease in tax expense was the absence in 2012 of the 2011 benefit from resolution of the 2006-2007 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) audit ($0.2 billion), which is reported in the caption “All other-net” in the effective tax rate reconciliation in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report, and from higher pre-tax income of $0.3 billion that increased the tax expense ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Global Risk Management 

   

 A disciplined approach to risk is important in a diversified organization like ours in order to ensure that we are executing according to our strategic objectives and that we only accept risk for which we are adequately compensated. We evaluate risk at the individual transaction level, and evaluate aggregated risk at the customer, industry, geographic and collateral-type levels, where appropriate. 

 
 

 Risk assessment and risk management are the responsibility of management and are carried out through risk managers who are operationally integrated into each of our businesses. These risk managers have acquired deep domain expertise through their long careers and proximity to the business’ operations and core processes. Both risk managers and the business leadership teams have specific, risk-focused goals and objectives that are aligned with our overall risk framework. 

 
 

 The GE Board of Directors (Board) has oversight for risk management with a focus on the most significant risks facing the Company, including strategic, operational, financial and legal and compliance risks. At the end of each year, management and the Board jointly develop a list of major risks that GE plans to prioritize in the next year. Throughout the year, the Board and the committees to which it has delegated responsibility dedicate a portion of their meetings to review and discuss specific risk topics in greater detail. Strategic, operational and reputational risks are presented and discussed in the context of the CEO’s report on operations to the Board at regularly scheduled Board meetings and at presentations to the Board and its committees by the vice chairmen, GE and GECC Chief Risk Officers (CROs), general counsel and other employees. The Board has delegated responsibility for the oversight of specific risks to Board committees as follows: 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 The GE Risk Committee oversees risks related to GE Capital and jointly meets throughout the year with the GECC Board of Directors (GECC Board), which is in addition to an annual joint meeting of the GE and GECC Boards. The GE Risk Committee also oversees the Company's four to five most critical enterprise risks and how management is mitigating these risks. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (34) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 The Audit Committee oversees GE’s and GE Capital’s policies and processes relating to the financial statements, the financial reporting process, compliance and auditing. The Audit Committee, in coordination with the GE Risk Committee, discusses with management the Company’s risk assessment and risk management practices and, when reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the internal audit functions, prioritizes audit focus areas based on their potential risk to the Company. The Audit Committee also monitors ongoing compliance issues and matters, and also semi-annually conducts an assessment of compliance issues and programs. The Audit Committee jointly meets with the GECC Board once a year, which is in addition to an annual joint meeting of the GE Risk Committee and Audit Committee. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 The Management Development and Compensation Committee oversees the risk management associated with management resources, structure, succession planning, management development and selection processes, and includes separate reviews of incentive compensation arrangements at GE and GE Capital to confirm that incentive pay does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking and to review and discuss, at least annually, the relationship between risk management policies and practices, corporate strategy and senior executive compensation. The Management Development and Compensation Committee also incentivizes leaders to improve the Company's competitive position. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 The Governance and Public Affairs Committee oversees risk related to the Company’s governance structure and processes and risks arising from related-person transactions, reviews and discusses with management risks related to GE’s public policy initiatives and activities, and monitors the Company’s environmental, health and safety compliance and related risks. 
 
 
 

   

 The GE Board’s risk oversight process builds upon management’s risk assessment and mitigation processes, which include standardized reviews of long-term strategic and operational planning; executive development and evaluation; code of conduct compliance under the Company’s The Spirit & The Letter; regulatory compliance; health, safety and environmental compliance; financial reporting and controllership; and information technology and security. A vice-chairman of GE and GE’s CRO are responsible for overseeing and coordinating risk assessment and mitigation on an enterprise-wide basis. They lead the Corporate Risk Function and are responsible for the identification of key business risks, providing for appropriate management of these risks within GE Board guidelines, and enforcement through policies and procedures. In 2013, the Company combined its risk evaluation process with its quarterly operating reviews to simplify the Company’s operating rhythm and added a vice chairman position with responsibility for both enterprise risk and operations. The Policy Compliance Review Board is a management-level committee that further assists in assessing and mitigating risk. The Policy Compliance Review Board, which conducted four compliance operating reviews and met seven times in 2013, is chaired by the Company’s general counsel and includes the Chief Financial Officer and other senior-level functional leaders. It has principal responsibility for monitoring compliance matters across the Company. 

 
 

 GE's Corporate Risk Function leverages the risk infrastructures in each of our businesses, which have adopted an approach that corresponds to the Company’s overall risk policies, guidelines and review mechanisms. Our risk infrastructure operates at the business and functional levels and is designed to identify, evaluate and mitigate risks within each of the following categories: 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Strategic.  Strategic risk relates to the Company’s future business plans and strategies, including the risks associated with the markets and industries in which we operate, demand for our products and services, competitive threats, technology and product innovation, mergers and acquisitions and public policy. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Operational.  Operational risk relates to risks (systems, processes, people and external events) that affect the operation of our businesses. It includes product life cycle and execution; product safety and performance; information management and data protection and security, including cyber security; business disruption; human resources; and reputation. 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (35) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Financial.  Financial risk relates to our ability to meet financial obligations and mitigate credit risk, liquidity risk and exposure to broad market risks, including volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and commodity prices. Liquidity risk refers to the potential inability to meet contractual or contingent financial obligations (whether on- or off-balance sheet) as they arise, and could potentially impact an institution’s financial condition or overall safety and soundness. Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from a customer or counterparty failure to meet its contractual obligations. We face credit risk in our industrial businesses, as well as in our GE Capital investing, lending and leasing activities and derivative financial instruments activities. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Legal and Compliance.  Legal and compliance risk relates to risks arising from the government and regulatory environment and action, compliance with integrity policies and procedures, including those relating to financial reporting, environmental health and safety, and intellectual property risks. Government and regulatory risk includes the risk that the government or regulatory actions will impose additional cost on us or cause us to have to change our business models or practices. 
 
 
 

   

 Risks identified through our risk management processes are prioritized and, depending on the probability and severity of the risk, escalated to the CRO. These risks are discussed and responsibility for them is assigned to the business or functional leader most suited to manage the risk in connection with the quarterly operating reviews. Assigned owners are required to continually monitor, evaluate and report on risks for which they bear responsibility. Enterprise risk leaders within each business and corporate function are responsible to present to the CRO risk assessments and key risks at least annually. We have general response strategies for managing risks, which categorize risks according to whether the Company will avoid, transfer, reduce or accept the risk. These response strategies are tailored to ensure that risks are within acceptable GE Board general guidelines. 

 
 

 Depending on the nature of the risk involved and the particular business or function affected, we use a wide variety of risk mitigation strategies, including delegation of authorities, standardized processes and strategic planning reviews, operating reviews, insurance, and hedging. As a matter of policy, we generally hedge the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. Our service businesses employ a comprehensive tollgate process leading up to and through the execution of a contractual service agreement to mitigate legal, financial and operational risks. Furthermore, we centrally manage some risks by purchasing insurance, the amount of which is determined by balancing the level of risk retained or assumed with the cost of transferring risk to others. We manage the risk of fluctuations in economic activity and customer demand by monitoring industry dynamics and responding accordingly, including by adjusting capacity, implementing cost reductions and engaging in mergers, acquisitions and dispositions. 

 
 

 GE Capital Risk Management and Oversight 

   

 GE Capital acknowledges risk-taking as a fundamental characteristic of providing financial services. It is inherent to its business and arises in lending, leasing and investment transactions undertaken by GE Capital. GE Capital operates within the parameters of its established risk appetite in pursuit of its strategic goals and objectives. 

 
 

 GE Capital continues to enhance its risk infrastructure and processes to manage risks related to its businesses, and the GE Corporate Risk Function relies upon them in fulfilling its mission. 

 
 

 The GE Risk Committee oversees GE Capital’s risk appetite, risk assessment and management processes. The GE Risk Committee and the GECC Board oversee the GE Capital risk management framework, with the GECC Board approving all significant acquisitions and dispositions as well as significant borrowings and investments. The GE Risk Committee and the GECC Board exercise oversight of investment activities in the business units through delegations of authority. All participants in the GE Capital risk management process must comply with approval limits established by the GE Risk Committee and the GECC Board. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (36) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The Enterprise Risk Management Committee (ERMC), which comprises the most senior leaders in GE Capital as well as the GE CRO, oversees the implementation of GE Capital’s risk appetite, and senior management’s establishment of appropriate systems (including policies, procedures, and management committees) to ensure enterprise risks are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled. The ERMC has delegated management of specific risks to various sub-committees, including the Operational Risk Management Committee, Asset-Liability Committee, Capital Planning Committee and Asset Quality Committee. Day-to-day risk oversight for GE Capital is provided by an independent global risk management organization that includes the GE Capital corporate function in addition to independent risk officers embedded in the individual business units. 

 
 

 GE Capital’s risk management approach rests upon three major tenets: a broad spread of risk based on managed exposure limits; senior secured commercial financings; and a hold-to-maturity model with transactions underwritten to “on-book” standards. Dedicated risk professionals across the businesses include underwriters, portfolio managers, collectors, environmental and engineering specialists, and specialized asset managers. The senior risk officers have, on average, over 30 years of experience. 

 
 

 GE Capital manages all risks relevant to its business environment, which if materialized, could prevent GE Capital from achieving its risk objectives and/or result in losses. These risks are defined as GE Capital’s Enterprise Risk Universe, which includes the following risks: strategic, liquidity, credit and investment, market and operational (including financial, compliance, information technology, human resources and legal). Reputational risk is considered and managed across each of the categories. GE Capital continues to make significant investments in resources to enhance its evolving risk management infrastructure. 

 
 

 GE Capital’s Corporate Risk function, in consultation with the ERMC, updates the Enterprise Risk Appetite Statement annually. This document articulates the enterprise risk objectives, its key universe of risks and the supporting limit structure. GE Capital’s risk appetite is determined relative to its desired risk objectives, including, but not limited to, credit ratings, capital levels, liquidity management, regulatory assessments, earnings, dividends and compliance. GE Capital determines its risk appetite through consideration of portfolio analytics, including stress testing and economic capital measurement, experience and judgment of senior risk officers, current portfolio levels, strategic planning, and regulatory and rating agency expectations. 

 
 

 The Enterprise Risk Appetite Statement is presented to the GECC Board and the GE Risk Committee for review and approval at least annually. On a quarterly basis, the status of GE Capital’s performance against these limits is reviewed by the GE Risk Committee. 

 
 

 GE Capital monitors its capital adequacy including through economic capital, regulatory capital and enterprise stress testing methodologies. GE Capital’s economic capital methodology uses internal models to estimate potential unexpected losses across different portfolios with a confidence level equivalent to an AA agency rating. Although GE Capital is not currently subject to risk-based capital standards, GE Capital estimates capital adequacy based on the Basel 1 U.S. and Basel 3 International and U.S. frameworks. GE Capital uses stress testing for risk, liquidity and capital adequacy assessment and management purposes, and as an integral part of GE Capital’s overall planning processes. Stress testing results inform key strategic portfolio decisions such as the amount of capital required to maintain minimum expected regulatory capital levels in severe but plausible stresses,   capital allocation, assist in developing the risk appetite and limits, and help in assessing product specific risk to guide the development and modification of product structures. The GE Risk Committee and the GECC Board review stress test results and their expected impact on capital levels and metrics. The GE Risk Committee and the GECC Board are responsible for overseeing the overall capital adequacy process, as well as approving GE Capital’s annual capital plan and capital actions. 

 
 

 Key risk management policies are approved by the GECC Board and the GE Risk Committee at least annually. GE Capital senior management, in coordination with the GE CRO, meets with the GE Risk Committee throughout the year. At these meetings, GE Capital senior management focuses on the risk issues, strategy and governance of the business. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (37) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Operational risks are inherent in GE Capital’s business activities and are typical of any large enterprise. GE Capital’s operational risk management program seeks to effectively manage operational risk to reduce the potential for significant unexpected losses, and to minimize the impact of losses experienced in the normal course of business. Additional information about our liquidity and how we manage this risk can be found in the Financial Resources and Liquidity section. Additional information about our credit risk and our portfolio can be found in the Financial Resources and Liquidity and Critical Accounting Estimates sections. Additional information about our market risk and how we manage this risk can be found in the Financial Resources and Liquidity section. 

 
 

 Segment Operations 

   

 Our eight segments are focused on the broad markets they serve: Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting and GE Capital. In addition to providing information on segments in their entirety, we have also provided supplemental information about the businesses within GE Capital. 

 
 

 Segment profit is determined based on internal performance measures used by the Chief Executive Officer to assess the performance of each business in a given period. In connection with that assessment, the Chief Executive Officer may exclude matters such as charges for restructuring; rationalization and other similar expenses; acquisition costs and other related charges; technology and product development costs; certain gains and losses from acquisitions or dispositions; and litigation settlements or other charges, responsibility for which preceded the current management team. See Corporate Items and Eliminations for certain amounts not allocated to GE operating segments because they are excluded from measurement of their operating performance for external purposes. 

 
 

 Segment profit excludes results reported as discontinued operations, earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiaries, GECC preferred stock dividends declared and accounting changes. Segment profit excludes or includes interest and other financial charges and income taxes according to how a particular segment’s management is measured. These costs are excluded in determining segment profit, which we sometimes refer to as “operating profit,” for Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, and Appliances & Lighting and are included in determining segment profit, which we sometimes refer to as “net earnings,” for GE Capital. Certain corporate costs, such as shared services, employee benefits and information technology, are allocated to our segments based on usage. A portion of the remaining corporate costs is allocated based on each segment’s relative net cost of operations. Prior to January 1, 2011, segment profit excluded the effects of principal pension plans. Beginning January 1, 2011, we began allocating service costs related to our principal pension plans and no longer allocate the retiree costs of our postretirement healthcare benefits to our segments. This revised allocation methodology better aligns segment operating costs to the active employee costs, which are managed by the segments. This change does not significantly affect reported segment results. 

 
 

 Results of our formerly consolidated subsidiary, NBCU, and our equity method investment in NBCU LLC until we sold it in the first quarter of 2013, are reported in the Corporate items and eliminations line on the Summary of Operating Segments. 

 
 

 We have reclassified certain prior-period amounts to conform to the current-period presentation. For additional information about our segments, see Part I, Item 1. “Business” and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (38) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Summary of Operating Segments 
 
 
   
 
 General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2009  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues(a) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,724  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 28,299  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 25,675  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,779  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 27,389  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas 
 
   
 
 16,975  
 
   
   
 
 15,241  
 
   
   
 
 13,608  
 
   
   
 
 9,433  
 
   
   
 
 9,683  
 
 
 
 Energy Management 
 
   
 
 7,569  
 
   
   
 
 7,412  
 
   
   
 
 6,422  
 
   
   
 
 5,161  
 
   
   
 
 5,223  
 
 
 
 Aviation 
 
   
 
 21,911  
 
   
   
 
 19,994  
 
   
   
 
 18,859  
 
   
   
 
 17,619  
 
   
   
 
 18,728  
 
 
 
 Healthcare 
 
   
 
 18,200  
 
   
   
 
 18,290  
 
   
   
 
 18,083  
 
   
   
 
 16,897  
 
   
   
 
 16,015  
 
 
 
 Transportation 
 
   
 
 5,885  
 
   
   
 
 5,608  
 
   
   
 
 4,885  
 
   
   
 
 3,370  
 
   
   
 
 3,827  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting 
 
   
 
 8,338  
 
   
   
 
 7,967  
 
   
   
 
 7,693  
 
   
   
 
 7,957  
 
   
   
 
 7,816  
 
 
 
        Total industrial segment revenues 
 
   
 
 103,602  
 
   
   
 
 102,811  
 
   
   
 
 95,225  
 
   
   
 
 85,216  
 
   
   
 
 88,681  
 
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
   
 
 44,067  
 
   
   
 
 45,364  
 
   
   
 
 48,324  
 
   
   
 
 49,163  
 
   
   
 
 51,065  
 
 
 
        Total segment revenues 
 
   
 
 147,669  
 
   
   
 
 148,175  
 
   
   
 
 143,549  
 
   
   
 
 134,379  
 
   
   
 
 139,746  
 
 
 
 Corporate items and eliminations(b) 
 
   
 
 (1,624) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,491) 
 
   
   
 
 2,993  
 
   
   
 
 14,496  
 
   
   
 
 13,940  
 
 
 
 Consolidated revenues 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,045  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,684  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,542  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 148,875  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 153,686  
 
 
 
 Segment profit 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,992  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,422  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,021  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,804  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,592  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas 
 
   
 
 2,178  
 
   
   
 
 1,924  
 
   
   
 
 1,660  
 
   
   
 
 1,406  
 
   
   
 
 1,440  
 
 
 
 Energy Management 
 
   
 
 110  
 
   
   
 
 131  
 
   
   
 
 78  
 
   
   
 
 156  
 
   
   
 
 144  
 
 
 
 Aviation 
 
   
 
 4,345  
 
   
   
 
 3,747  
 
   
   
 
 3,512  
 
   
   
 
 3,304  
 
   
   
 
 3,923  
 
 
 
 Healthcare 
 
   
 
 3,048  
 
   
   
 
 2,920  
 
   
   
 
 2,803  
 
   
   
 
 2,741  
 
   
   
 
 2,420  
 
 
 
 Transportation 
 
   
 
 1,166  
 
   
   
 
 1,031  
 
   
   
 
 757  
 
   
   
 
 315  
 
   
   
 
 473  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting 
 
   
 
 381  
 
   
   
 
 311  
 
   
   
 
 237  
 
   
   
 
 404  
 
   
   
 
 360  
 
 
 
        Total industrial segment profit 
 
   
 
 16,220  
 
   
   
 
 15,486  
 
   
   
 
 14,068  
 
   
   
 
 14,130  
 
   
   
 
 14,352  
 
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
   
 
 8,258  
 
   
   
 
 7,345  
 
   
   
 
 6,480  
 
   
   
 
 3,083  
 
   
   
 
 1,364  
 
 
 
        Total segment profit 
 
   
 
 24,478  
 
   
   
 
 22,831  
 
   
   
 
 20,548  
 
   
   
 
 17,213  
 
   
   
 
 15,716  
 
 
 
 Corporate items and eliminations(b) 
 
   
 
 (6,300) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,841) 
 
   
   
 
 (288) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,012) 
 
   
   
 
 (506) 
 
 
 
 GE interest and other financial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     charges 
 
   
 
 (1,333) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,353) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,299) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,600) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,478) 
 
 
 
 GE provision for income taxes 
 
   
 
 (1,668) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,013) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,839) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,024) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,739) 
 
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    attributable to the company 
 
   
 
 15,177  
 
   
   
 
 14,624  
 
   
   
 
 14,122  
 
   
   
 
 12,577  
 
   
   
 
 10,993  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations, net of taxes 
 
   
 
 (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
 (983) 
 
   
   
 
 29  
 
   
   
 
 (933) 
 
   
   
 
 32  
 
 
 
 Consolidated net earnings 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    attributable to the Company 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,151  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,644  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,025  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Segment revenues includes both revenues and other income related to the segment. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Includes the results of NBCU, our formerly consolidated subsidiary, and our former equity method investment in NBCUniversal LLC until we sold it in the first quarter of 2013. 
 
 
 

   
 

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

   

 Power & Water  revenues of $24.7 billion decreased $3.6 billion, or 13%, in 2013 as lower volume ($3.9 billion), primarily equipment at Wind and Thermal, and the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by higher prices ($0.2 billion) and other income ($0.2 billion) primarily related to a sale of assets. 

   

 Segment profit of $5.0 billion decreased $0.4 billion, or 8%, in 2013 as lower volume ($0.7 billion) and lower cost productivity ($0.3 billion), despite SG&A cost reductions, were partially offset by the effects of deflation ($0.2 billion), higher prices ($0.2 billion) and other income ($0.2 billion) primarily related to a sale of assets. 

 
 

 Power & Water revenues of $28.3 billion increased $2.6 billion, or 10%, in 2012 as higher volume ($3.4 billion), driven by an increase in sales of equipment at Wind, and an increase in other income ($0.2 billion) were partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.6 billion) and lower prices ($0.4 billion). 

   

 Segment profit of $5.4 billion increased $0.4 billion, or 8%, in 2012 as higher volume ($0.7 billion), increased other income ($0.2 billion) and the impacts of deflation ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by lower prices ($0.4 billion), lower productivity ($0.1 billion) and the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion). 

 
 
    
 

 
 (39) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Power & Water orders increased 13% to $27.4 billion in 2013. Total Power & Water backlog increased 10% to $64.6 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $11.4 billion and services backlog of $53.2 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $8.6 billion and $50.2 billion, respectively. 

   

 Oil & Gas  revenues of $17.0 billion increased $1.7 billion (including $0.7 billion from acquisitions), or 11%, in 2013 primarily due to higher volume ($1.5 billion) and higher prices ($0.2 billion). 

   

 Segment profit of $2.2 billion increased $0.3 billion, or 13%, in 2013 as higher volume ($0.2 billion) and higher prices ($0.2 billion) were partially offset by lower cost productivity ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Oil & Gas revenues of $15.2 billion increased $1.6 billion (including $0.7 billion from acquisitions), or 12%, in 2012 as higher volume ($2.3 billion) driven by acquisitions and an increase in sales of both equipment and services was partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.7 billion). 

 
 

 Segment profit of $1.9 billion increased $0.3 billion, or 16%, in 2012 as higher volume ($0.3 billion) and increased productivity ($0.1 billion), reflecting increased equipment margins, were partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Oil & Gas orders increased 8% to $19.7 billion in 2013. Total Oil & Gas backlog increased 27% to $18.8 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $13.0 billion and services backlog of $5.8 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $10.2 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. 

   

 Energy Management  revenues of $7.6 billion increased $0.2 billion, or 2%, in 2013 as higher volume ($0.2 billion) was partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Segment profit of $0.1 billion decreased 16% in 2013 as a result of lower productivity ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Energy Management revenues of $7.4 billion increased $1.0 billion (including $1.0 billion from acquisitions), or 15%, in 2012 as higher volume ($1.1 billion), primarily driven by acquisitions, higher prices ($0.1 billion) and increased other income ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.2 billion). 

 
 

 Segment profit of $0.1 billion increased $0.1 billion, or 68%, in 2012 as a result of higher prices ($0.1 billion) and increased other income ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Energy Management orders increased 12% to $8.8 billion in 2013. Total Energy Management backlog increased 20% to $4.6 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $3.6 billion and services backlog of $1.0 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $3.2 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively. 

   

 Aviation  revenues of $21.9 billion increased $1.9 billion (including $0.5 billion from acquisitions), or 10%, in 2013 due primarily to higher volume ($1.4 billion) and higher prices ($0.6 billion). Higher volume and higher prices were driven by increased services revenues ($0.7 billion) and equipment ($1.2 billion). The increase in services revenue was primarily due to higher commercial spares sales, while the increase in equipment revenue was primarily due to increased commercial engine shipments. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $4.3 billion increased $0.6 billion, or 16%, in 2013 as higher prices ($0.6 billion), higher volume ($0.2 billion) and increased other income ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by the effects of inflation ($0.2 billion) and lower productivity ($0.1 billion). 

 
 
    
 

 
 (40) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Aviation revenues of $20.0 billion increased $1.1 billion, or 6%, in 2012 due primarily to higher prices ($0.8 billion) and higher volume ($0.4 billion), which were driven by increased commercial and military engine sales. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $3.7 billion increased $0.2 billion, or 7%, in 2012 as higher prices ($0.8 billion) and higher volume ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by higher inflation ($0.3 billion) and lower productivity ($0.3 billion). 

 
 

 Aviation orders increased 16% to $27.2 billion in 2013. Total Aviation backlog increased 22% to $125.1 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $28.4 billion and services backlog of $96.7 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $22.9 billion and $79.5 billion, respectively. 

 
 

 Healthcare  revenues of $18.2 billion decreased $0.1 billion in 2013. Revenues decreased as lower prices ($0.3 billion), the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.2 billion) and lower other income were partially offset by higher volume ($0.5 billion). 

 
 

 Segment profit of $3.0 billion increased $0.1 billion, or 4%, in 2013 as higher productivity ($0.6 billion), driven by SG&A cost reductions, and higher volume ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by lower prices ($0.3 billion), the effects of inflation ($0.2 billion), the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion) and lower other income. 

 
 

 Healthcare   revenues of $18.3 billion increased $0.2 billion, or 1%, in 2012 as higher volume ($0.8 billion) and other income ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.4 billion) and lower prices ($0.3 billion). The revenue increase, driven by higher equipment sales, is attributable to international markets, with the strongest growth in emerging markets. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $2.9 billion increased $0.1 billion, or 4%, in 2012 as increased productivity ($0.4 billion), higher volume ($0.1 billion) and other income ($0.1 billion) were partially offset by lower prices ($0.3 billion) and higher inflation ($0.2 billion), primarily non-material related. 

 
 

 Healthcare orders increased 1% to $19.2 billion in 2013. Total Healthcare backlog increased 5% to $16.1 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $5.0 billion and services backlog of $11.1 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $4.5 billion and $10.9 billion, respectively. 

 
 

 Transportation  revenues of $5.9 billion increased $0.3 billion, or 5%, in 2013 due to higher volume ($0.3 billion) primarily from acquisitions. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $1.2 billion increased $0.1 billion, or 13%, in 2013 as a result of effects of material deflation ($0.1 billion) and higher volume and productivity. 

 
 

 Transportation revenues of $5.6 billion increased $0.7 billion, or 15%, in 2012 due to higher volume ($0.6 billion) and higher prices ($0.1 billion). The revenue increase was split between equipment sales ($0.4 billion) and services ($0.3 billion). The increase in equipment revenue was primarily driven by an increase in U.S. locomotive sales and growth in our global mining equipment business. The increase in service revenue was due to higher overhauls and increased service productivity. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $1.0 billion increased $0.3 billion, or 36%, in 2012 as a result of higher volume ($0.1 billion), higher prices ($0.1 billion) and increased productivity ($0.1 billion), reflecting improved service margins. 

 
 

 Transportation orders decreased 8% to $5.1 billion in 2013. Total Transportation backlog increased 3% to $14.9 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $2.5 billion and services backlog of $12.4 billion. Comparable December 31, 2012 equipment and service order backlogs were $3.3 billion and $11.1 billion, respectively. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (41) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Appliances & Lighting  revenues of $8.3 billion increased $0.4 billion, or 5%, in 2013 reflecting higher volume ($0.4 billion), primarily at Appliances. 

 
 

 Segment profit of $0.4 billion increased 23%, or $0.1 billion, in 2013 primarily due to improved productivity ($0.1 billion) and higher prices. 

 
 

 Appliances & Lighting revenues of $8.0 billion increased $0.3 billion, or 4%, in 2012 reflecting an increase at Appliances, partially offset by lower revenues at Lighting. Overall, revenues increased as higher prices ($0.3 billion) principally at Appliances were partially offset by lower volume ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Segment profit of $0.3 billion increased 31%, or $0.1 billion, in 2012 as higher prices ($0.3 billion) were partially offset by the effects of inflation ($0.2 billion) and lower productivity ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 GE Capital 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 44,067  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 45,364  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 48,324  
 
 
 
 Segment profit 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 8,258  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 7,345  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 6,480  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013 
 
   
   
 
 2012 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total assets 
 
   
 $ 
 516,829 
   
   
 $ 
 539,351 
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Commercial Lending and Leasing (CLL) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,316  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,458  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 17,714  
 
 
 
     Consumer 
 
   
 
 15,741  
 
   
   
 
 15,303  
 
   
   
 
 16,487  
 
 
 
     Real Estate 
 
   
 
 3,915  
 
   
   
 
 3,654  
 
   
   
 
 3,712  
 
 
 
     Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
 1,526  
 
   
   
 
 1,508  
 
   
   
 
 1,223  
 
 
 
     GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) 
 
   
 
 5,346  
 
   
   
 
 5,294  
 
   
   
 
 5,262  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Segment profit (loss) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    CLL 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,965  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,401  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,703  
 
 
 
     Consumer 
 
   
 
 4,319  
 
   
   
 
 3,207  
 
   
   
 
 3,616  
 
 
 
     Real Estate 
 
   
 
 1,717  
 
   
   
 
 803  
 
   
   
 
 (928) 
 
 
 
     Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
 410  
 
   
   
 
 432  
 
   
   
 
 440  
 
 
 
     GECAS 
 
   
 
 896  
 
   
   
 
 1,220  
 
   
   
 
 1,150  
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     CLL 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 174,357  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 181,375  
 
 
 
     Consumer 
 
   
 
 132,236  
 
   
   
 
 138,002  
 
 
 
     Real Estate 
 
   
 
 38,744  
 
   
   
 
 46,247  
 
 
 
     Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
 16,203  
 
   
   
 
 19,185  
 
 
 
     GECAS 
 
   
 
 45,876  
 
   
   
 
 49,420  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 GE Capital 2013 revenues decreased 3% and net earnings increased 12% compared with 2012. Revenues for 2013 included $0.1 billion from acquisitions and $0.1 billion as a result of dispositions. Additionally, revenues decreased as a result of organic revenue declines, primarily due to lower ENI, and higher impairments, partially offset by higher gains. Net earnings increased as a result of dispositions, primarily related to the sale of a portion of Cembra through an IPO and higher gains primarily related to the sale of our remaining equity interest in Bank of Ayudhya (Bay Bank), partially offset by higher impairments and higher provisions for losses on financing receivables. GE Capital net earnings in 2013 also included restructuring, rationalization and other charges of $0.2 billion and net losses of $0.1 billion related to our Treasury operations. GE Capital net earnings excluded $0.3 billion of preferred stock dividends declared in 2013. 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (42) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 GE Capital 2012 revenues decreased 6% and net earnings increased 13% compared with 2011. Revenues for 2012 included $0.1 billion from acquisitions and were reduced by $0.6 billion as a result of dispositions. Revenues in 2012 also decreased as a result of organic revenue declines, primarily due to lower ENI, the stronger U.S. dollar, and the absence of the 2011 gain on sale of a substantial portion of our Garanti Bank equity investment (the Garanti Bank transaction). Net earnings increased by $0.9 billion in 2012, primarily due to lower impairments and core increases, including higher tax benefits, partially offset by the absence of the 2011 gain on the Garanti Bank transaction and operations. GE Capital net earnings in 2012 also included restructuring, rationalization and other charges of $0.1 billion and net losses of $0.2 billion related to our Treasury operations. GE Capital net earnings excluded $0.1 billion of preferred stock dividends declared in 2012. 

 
 

 Additional information about certain GE Capital businesses follows. 

 
 

 CLL 2013 revenues decreased 13% and net earnings decreased 18% compared with 2012. Revenues for 2013 were reduced by $0.1 billion as a result of dispositions. Revenues in 2013 also decreased as a result of organic revenue declines ($1.2 billion), primarily due to lower ENI ($0.8 billion), and higher impairments ($0.7 billion). Net earnings decreased reflecting higher impairments ($0.6 billion), partially offset by dispositions ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 CLL 2012 revenues decreased 7% and net earnings decreased 11% compared with 2011. Revenues for 2012 were reduced by $0.4 billion as a result of dispositions. Revenues in 2012 also decreased as a result of organic revenue declines ($0.6 billion), primarily due to lower ENI ($0.5 billion), and the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.2 billion). Net earnings decreased reflecting core decreases ($0.2 billion) and dispositions ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 Consumer 2013 revenues increased 3% and net earnings increased 35% compared with 2012. Revenues for 2013 included $0.1 billion from acquisitions and $0.3 billion as a result of dispositions. Revenues in 2013 also increased as a result of higher gains ($0.5 billion), partially offset by organic revenue declines ($0.4 billion). The increase in net earnings resulted primarily from the sale of a portion of Cembra ($1.2 billion), higher gains ($0.3 billion) related to the sale of Bay Bank and core increases ($0.1 billion). These increases were partially offset by higher provisions for losses on financing receivables ($0.5 billion) reflecting the use of a more granular portfolio segmentation approach, by loss type, in determining the incurred loss period and projected net write-offs over the next 12 months in our installment and revolving credit portfolios. 

 
 

 Consumer 2012 revenues decreased 7% and net earnings decreased 11% compared with 2011. Revenues for 2012 included $0.1 billion from acquisitions and were reduced by $0.1 billion as a result of dispositions. Revenues in 2012 also decreased as a result of the absence of the 2011 gain on the Garanti Bank transaction ($0.7 billion), the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.4 billion) and organic revenue declines ($0.2 billion). The decrease in net earnings resulted primarily from the absence of the 2011 gain on the Garanti Bank transaction and operations ($0.4 billion), higher provisions for losses on financing receivables ($0.1 billion) and dispositions ($0.1 billion), partially offset by core increases ($0.2 billion). The higher provisions for losses on financing receivables reflected the use of a more granular portfolio segmentation approach, by loss type, in determining the incurred loss period in our U.S. Installment and Revolving Credit portfolio. 

   

 
 Real Estate 2013 revenues increased 7% and net earnings were favorable compared with 2012. Revenues in 2013 increased primarily as a result of increases in net gains on property sales ($1.1 billion) mainly due to the sale of real estate comprising certain floors located at 30 Rockefeller Center, New York, partially offset by organic revenue declines ($0.7 billion), primarily due to lower ENI ($0.6 billion). Real Estate net earnings increased as a result of core increases ($0.9 billion) including increases in net gains on property sales ($0.7 billion) and higher tax benefits ($0.3 billion). Depreciation expense on real estate equity investments totaled $0.6 billion and $0.8 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (43) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Real Estate 2012 revenues decreased 2% and net earnings were favorable compared with 2011. Revenues in 2012 decreased as a result of organic revenue declines ($0.2 billion), primarily due to lower ENI, and the stronger U.S. dollar ($0.1 billion), partially offset by increases in net gains on property sales ($0.2 billion). Real Estate net earnings increased as a result of lower impairments ($0.7 billion), core increases ($0.7 billion) including higher tax benefits of $0.5 billion, lower provisions for losses on financing receivables ($0.2 billion) and increases in net gains on property sales ($0.1 billion). Depreciation expense on real estate equity investments totaled $0.8 billion and $0.9 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Energy Financial Services 2013 revenues increased 1% and net earnings decreased 5% compared with 2012. Revenues in 2013 increased as a result of dispositions ($0.1 billion) and organic revenue growth ($0.1 billion), partially offset by lower gains ($0.1 billion) and higher impairments. The decrease in net earnings resulted primarily from lower gains ($0.1 billion), partially offset by core increases and dispositions. 

 
 

 Energy Financial Services 2012 revenues increased 23% and net earnings decreased 2% compared with 2011. Revenues in 2012 increased primarily as a result of organic revenue growth ($0.3 billion), including the consolidation of an entity involved in power generating activities and asset sales by investees, and higher gains. 

 
 

 GECAS 2013 revenues increased 1% and net earnings decreased 27% compared with 2012. Revenues in 2013 increased as a result of lower finance lease impairments and higher gains. The decrease in net earnings resulted primarily from higher equipment leased to others (ELTO) impairments ($0.3 billion) related to our operating lease portfolio of commercial aircraft, and core decreases, partially offset by higher gains. 

 
 

 GECAS 2012 revenues increased 1% and net earnings increased 6% compared with 2011. Revenues in 2012 increased as a result of organic revenue growth ($0.2 billion) and higher gains, partially offset by higher impairments ($0.2 billion). The increase in net earnings resulted primarily from core increases ($0.1 billion) and higher gains, partially offset by higher impairments ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Corporate Items and Eliminations 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    NBCU/NBCU LLC 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,528  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,615  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,686  
 
 
 
     Gains (losses) on disposed or held for sale businesses 
 
   
 
  453  
 
   
   
 
  186  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
     Eliminations and other 
 
   
 
  (3,605) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,292) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,693) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,624) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,491) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,993  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Operating profit (cost) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    NBCU/NBCU LLC 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,528  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,615  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,535  
 
 
 
     Gains (losses) on disposed or held for sale businesses 
 
   
 
  447  
 
   
   
 
  186  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
     Principal retirement plans(a) 
 
   
 
  (3,222) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,098) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,898) 
 
 
 
     Unallocated corporate and other costs 
 
   
 
  (5,053) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,544) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,925) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (6,300) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (4,841) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (288) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included non-operating pension income (cost) for our principal pension plans (non-GAAP) of $(2.6) billion, $(2.1) billion and $(1.1) billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, which includes expected return on plan assets, interest costs and non-cash amortization of actuarial gains and losses. 
 
 
 

   

   

 
 Revenues in 2013 decreased $0.1 billion from 2012. This decrease was primarily a result of $0.1 billion lower income related to the operations and disposition of NBCU LLC, a $0.1 billion pre-tax loss related to the impairment of an investment in a Brazilian company and $0.2 billion of lower revenues related to a plant that was sold in 2012, partially offset by $0.3 billion of higher gains from disposed businesses. The higher gains from disposed businesses reflect the net effect of $0.5 billion of gains from industrial business dispositions in 2013 compared with a $0.3 billion gain on joint venture formation and a $0.1 billion loss on sale of a plant in 2012. 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (44) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Operating costs in 2013 increased $1.5 billion from 2012. Costs increased primarily as a result of $1.3 billion of higher restructuring and other charges, $0.2 billion of higher GECC preferred stock dividends, $0.1 billion of higher principal retirement plan costs, $0.1 billion of lower NBCU related income and $0.1 billion of impairment referred to above, partially offset by $0.3 billion of higher gains on disposed businesses. 

   

 Revenues decreased $4.5 billion in 2012 as $4.1 billion of lower NBCU/NBCU LLC related revenues (primarily due to the non-repeat of the pre-tax gain on the NBCU transaction and the deconsolidation of NBCU in 2011, partially offset by higher earnings at NBCU LLC due to a gain on disposition in 2012) and $0.1 billion of pre-tax losses related to the sale of a plant in the U.K. were partially offset by $0.3 billion of gains on the formation of a joint venture at Aviation. 

   

 Operating costs in 2012 increased $4.6 billion from 2011. Costs increased primarily as a result of $2.9 billion of lower NBCU/NBCU LLC related earnings (primarily due to the non-repeat of the 2011 gain related to the NBCU transaction, partially offset by earnings at NBCU LLC due to a gain on disposition in 2012), $1.2 billion of higher costs of our principal retirement plans and $0.4 billion of higher research and development spending and global corporate costs, partially offset by $0.2 billion of lower restructuring and other charges. 

   

 Certain amounts included in corporate items and eliminations cost are not allocated to GE operating segments because they are excluded from the measurement of their operating performance for internal purposes. These costs include certain restructuring and other charges, technology and product development costs and acquisition-related costs. For 2013, these amounts totaled $2.4 billion, including Power & Water ($0.4 billion), Oil & Gas ($0.3 billion), Energy Management ($0.2 billion), Aviation ($0.6 billion), Healthcare ($0.6 billion), Transportation ($0.1 billion) and Appliances & Lighting ($0.2 billion). In 2013, Corporate items and eliminations also included $0.5 billion of gains from business disposition including Power & Water ($0.1 billion), Oil & Gas ($0.1 billion) and Healthcare ($0.2 billion). 

   

 For 2012, these amounts totaled $1.5 billion, including Power & Water ($0.2 billion), Oil & Gas ($0.1 billion), Energy Management ($0.2 billion), Aviation ($0.3 billion), Healthcare ($0.5 billion), Transportation ($0.1 billion) and Appliances & Lighting ($0.1 billion). In 2012, Corporate items and eliminations also included $0.3 billion of gains related to formation of a joint venture at Aviation. 

   

 For 2011, these amounts totaled $1.5 billion, including Power & Water ($0.2 billion), Oil & Gas ($0.3 billion), Energy Management ($0.2 billion), Aviation ($0.2 billion), Healthcare ($0.4 billion), Transportation ($0.1 billion) and Appliances & Lighting ($0.1 billion). 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Discontinued Operations 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations, net of taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (2,120) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (983) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 29  
 
 
 

 
 

 Discontinued operations primarily comprised GE Money Japan, WMC, Consumer RV Marine, Consumer Mexico, Consumer Singapore, Australian Home Lending, Consumer Ireland, CLL Trailer Services and Consumer Russia. Associated results of operations, financial position and cash flows are separately reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 
 
In 2013, loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes, reflected a $1.6 billion after-tax effect of incremental reserves, primarily related to an agreement to extinguish our loss-sharing arrangement for excess interest claims associated with the 2008 sale of GE Money Japan, a $0.2 billion after-tax effect of incremental reserves related to retained representation and warranty obligations to repurchase previously sold loans on the 2007 sale of WMC and a $0.2 billion after-tax loss on the planned disposal of Consumer Russia. 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (45) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 In 2012, loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes, primarily reflected a $0.6 billion after-tax effect of incremental reserves for excess interest claims related to our loss-sharing arrangement on the 2008 sale of GE Money Japan, a $0.3 billion after-tax effect of incremental reserves related to retained representation and warranty obligations to repurchase previously sold loans on the 2007 sale of WMC and a $0.2 billion loss (including a $0.1 billion loss on disposal) related to Consumer Ireland, partially offset by a $0.1 billion tax benefit related to the resolution with the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the 2007 sale of our Plastics business. 

 
 

 In 2011, earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes, included a $0.3 billion gain on disposal related to the sale of Consumer Singapore and $0.1 billion earnings from operations at Consumer Russia, partially offset by a $0.2 billion after-tax effect of incremental reserves for excess interest claims related to our loss-sharing arrangement on the 2008 sale of GE Money Japan and a $0.2 billion loss from operations at Consumer Ireland. 

 
 

 For additional information related to discontinued operations, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Geographic Operations 

   

 Our global activities span all geographic regions and primarily encompass manufacturing for local and export markets, import and sale of products produced in other regions, leasing of aircraft, sourcing for our plants domiciled in other global regions and provision of financial services within these regional economies. Thus, when countries or regions experience currency and/or economic stress, we often have increased exposure to certain risks, but also often have new opportunities that include, among other things, more opportunities for expansion of industrial and financial services activities through purchases of companies or assets at reduced prices and lower U.S. debt financing costs. 

 
 

 Revenues are classified according to the region to which products and services are sold. For purposes of this analysis, the U.S. is presented separately from the remainder of the Americas. We classify certain assets that cannot meaningfully be associated with specific geographic areas as “Other Global” for this purpose. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Geographic Revenues 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In billions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 U.S. 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  68.6  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  70.5  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  69.9  
 
 
 
 Europe 
 
   
 
  25.3  
 
   
   
 
  26.7  
 
   
   
 
  28.2  
 
 
 
 Pacific Basin 
 
   
 
  25.5  
 
   
   
 
  24.4  
 
   
   
 
  23.2  
 
 
 
 Americas 
 
   
 
  13.1  
 
   
   
 
  13.2  
 
   
   
 
  13.2  
 
 
 
 Middle East and Africa 
 
   
 
  13.5  
 
   
   
 
  11.9  
 
   
   
 
  12.0  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  146.0  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  146.7  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  146.5  
 
 
 

 
 

 Non-U.S. revenues were $77.4 billion in 2013, compared with $76.2 billion and $76.6 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Non-U.S. revenues to external customers as a percentage of consolidated revenues were 53% in 2013, compared with 52% in both 2012 and 2011. 

 
   

 GE non-U.S. revenues, excluding GECC, in 2013 were $59.0 billion, up 3% over 2012. Increases in growth markets of 72% in Algeria, 38% in Sub-Sahara and 7% in China offset a decrease of 9% in Europe. These revenues as a percentage of GE total revenues, excluding GECC, were 58% in 2013, compared with 57% and 55% in 2012 and 2011, respectively. GE non-U.S. revenues, excluding GECC, were $57.3 billion in 2012, up 5% from 2011, primarily resulting from increases of 22% in Australia and New Zealand, 20% in China and 8% in Latin America, partially offset by a decrease of 36% in India. The effects of currency fluctuations on reported results decreased revenues by $0.3 billion in 2013, primarily driven by the Japanese yen ($0.3 billion) and Brazilian real ($0.2 billion), partially offset by the euro ($0.4 billion). The effect of currency fluctuations on reported results decreased revenues by $1.9 billion in 2012, primarily driven by the euro ($1.4 billion) and Brazilian real ($0.2 billion). The effects of currency fluctuations on reported results increased revenues by $1.4 billion in 2011, primarily driven by the euro ($0.8 billion) and Japanese yen ($0.2 billion). 

   
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (46) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 GECC non-U.S. revenues decreased 3% to $18.4 billion in 2013, compared with $19.0 billion and $22.3 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively, primarily as a result of decreases in Europe. Non-U.S. revenues as a percentage of total revenues were 42% in 2013 and 2012, compared with 46% in 2011. Non-U.S. revenues decreased by 15% in 2012 from $22.3 billion in 2011, primarily as a result of decreases in Europe. The effects of currency fluctuations on reported results decreased revenues by $0.2 billion in 2013, primarily driven by the Japanese yen ($0.2 billion). The effects of currency fluctuations on reported results decreased revenues by $0.7 billion in 2012, primarily driven by the euro ($0.3 billion), Polish zloty ($0.1 billion), Hungarian forint ($0.1 billion) and Czech koruna ($0.1 billion). The effects of currency fluctuations on reported results increased revenues by $1.0 billion in 2011, primarily driven by the Australian dollar ($0.3 billion), euro ($0.2 billion), Japanese yen ($0.1 billion), Canadian dollar ($0.1 billion) and British pound ($0.1 billion). 

 
 

 The effects of foreign currency fluctuations on earnings were minimal, with no single currency having a significant impact. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Total Assets (continuing operations) 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In billions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 U.S. 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  325.4  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  350.7  
 
 
 
 Europe 
 
   
 
  195.1  
 
   
   
 
  188.9  
 
 
 
 Pacific Basin 
 
   
 
  51.8  
 
   
   
 
  55.7  
 
 
 
 Americas 
 
   
 
  32.9  
 
   
   
 
  32.9  
 
 
 
 Other Global 
 
   
 
  49.0  
 
   
   
 
  53.5  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  654.2  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  681.7  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Total assets of non-U.S. operations on a continuing basis were $328.8 billion in 2013, a decrease of $2.2 billion from 2012. This decrease reflected declines in Pacific Basin and Other Global, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen and dispositions at various businesses, partially offset by increases in Europe, primarily due to acquisitions. 

 
 

 Financial results of our non-U.S. activities reported in U.S. dollars are affected by currency exchange. We use a number of techniques to manage the effects of currency exchange, including selective borrowings in local currencies and selective hedging of significant cross-currency transactions. Such principal currencies are the pound sterling, the euro, the Japanese yen, the Swiss franc and the Australian dollar. 

 
 

 Environmental Matters 

   

 Our operations, like operations of other companies engaged in similar businesses, involve the use, disposal and cleanup of substances regulated under environmental protection laws. We are involved in a number of remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. Such statutes require that responsible parties fund remediation actions regardless of fault, legality of original disposal or ownership of a disposal site. Expenditures for site remediation actions amounted to approximately $0.4 billion in both 2013 and 2012 and $0.3 billion in 2011. We presently expect that such remediation actions will require average annual expenditures of about $0.4 billion for each of the next two years. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (47) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 In 2006, we entered into a consent decree with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to dredge PCB-containing sediment from the upper Hudson River. The consent decree provided that the dredging would be performed in two phases. Phase 1 was completed in May through November of 2009. Between Phase 1 and Phase 2 there was an intervening peer review by an independent panel of national experts. The panel evaluated the performance of Phase 1 dredging operations with respect to Phase 1 Engineering Performance Standards and recommended proposed changes to the standards. On December 17, 2010, EPA issued its decision setting forth the final performance standards for Phase 2 of the Hudson River dredging project, incorporating aspects of the recommendations from the independent peer review panel and from GE. In December 2010, we agreed to perform Phase 2 of the project in accordance with the final performance standards set by EPA and increased our reserve by $0.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2010 to account for the probable and estimable costs of completing Phase 2. In 2011, we completed the first year of Phase 2 dredging and commenced work on planned upgrades to the Hudson River wastewater processing facility. Over the past three years we have dredged 1.7 million cubic yards from the river and, based upon that result and our best professional engineering judgment, we believe that our current reserve continues to reflect our probable and estimable costs for the remainder of Phase 2 of the dredging project. 

 
 

 Financial Resources and Liquidity 

   

 This discussion of financial resources and liquidity addresses the Statement of Financial Position; Liquidity and Borrowings; Debt and Derivative Instruments, Guarantees and Covenants; Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners’ Equity and Comprehensive Income; Statement of Cash Flows – Overview from 2011 through 2013; Contractual Obligations; and Variable Interest Entities (VIEs). 

 
 

 Overview of Financial Position 

   

 Major changes to our shareowners’ equity are discussed in the Shareowners’ Equity and Comprehensive Income section. In addition, other significant changes to balances in our Statement of Financial Position follow. 

 
 

 Statement of Financial Position 

   

 Because GE and GECC share certain significant elements of their Statements of Financial Position – property, plant and equipment and borrowings, for example – the following discussion addresses significant captions in the consolidated statement. Within the following discussions, however, we distinguish between GE and GECC activities in order to permit meaningful analysis of each individual consolidating statement. 

 
 

 Investment securities  comprise mainly investment-grade debt securities supporting obligations to annuitants and policyholders in our run-off insurance operations and supporting obligations to holders of guaranteed investment contracts (GICs) in Trinity, and investments held in our CLL business collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries. The fair value of investment securities decreased to $44.0 billion at December 31, 2013 from $48.5 billion at December 31, 2012, primarily due to the sale of U.S. government and federal agency securities at our treasury operations and the impact of higher interest rates. At December 31, 2013, we held debt securities with an estimated fair value of $43.3 billion, which included corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities (ABS), commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) and residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) with estimated fair values of $23.5 billion, $7.4 billion, $3.0 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. Net unrealized gains on debt securities were $2.5 billion and $4.8 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. This amount included unrealized losses on corporate debt securities, state and municipal securities and CMBS of $0.3 billion, $0.2 billion and $0.1 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2013, as compared with $0.4 billion, $0.1 billion, and $0.1 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2012. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (48) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 We regularly review investment securities for impairment using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. For debt securities, our qualitative review considers our intent to sell the security and the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer is in compliance with the terms and covenants of the security. Our quantitative review considers whether there has been an adverse change in expected future cash flows. Unrealized losses are not indicative of the amount of credit loss that would be recognized. We presently do not intend to sell the vast majority of our debt securities that are in an unrealized loss position and believe that it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the vast majority of these securities before recovery of our amortized cost. For equity securities, we consider the length of time and magnitude of the amount that each security is in an unrealized loss position. We believe that the unrealized loss associated with our equity securities will be recovered within the foreseeable future. Uncertainty in the capital markets may cause increased levels of other-than-temporary impairments. For additional information relating to how credit losses are calculated, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Our RMBS portfolio is collateralized primarily by pools of individual, direct mortgage loans (a majority of which were originated in 2006 and 2005), not other structured products such as collateralized debt obligations. The vast majority of our RMBS are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals and more than 70% are agency bonds or insured by Monoline insurers (Monolines) (on which we continue to place reliance). Of our total RMBS portfolio at December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately $0.4 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, relates to residential subprime credit, primarily supporting our guaranteed investment contracts. A majority of this exposure is related to investment securities backed by mortgage loans originated in 2006 and 2005. Substantially all of the subprime RMBS were investment grade at the time of purchase and approximately 70% have been subsequently downgraded to below investment grade. 

 
 

 Our CMBS portfolio is collateralized by both diversified pools of mortgages that were originated for securitization (conduit CMBS) and pools of large loans backed by high-quality properties (large loan CMBS), the majority of which were originated in 2007 and 2006. The vast majority of the securities in our CMBS portfolio have investment-grade credit ratings and the vast majority of the securities are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals. 

 
 

 Our ABS portfolio is collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries, as well as a variety of diversified pools of assets such as student loans and credit cards. The vast majority of the securities in our ABS portfolio are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals. In addition, substantially all of the securities that are below investment grade are in an unrealized gain position. 

 
 

 If there has been an adverse change in cash flows for RMBS, management considers credit enhancements such as Monoline insurance (which are features of a specific security). In evaluating the overall creditworthiness of the Monoline, we use an analysis that is similar to the approach we use for corporate bonds, including an evaluation of the sufficiency of the Monoline’s cash reserves and capital, ratings activity, whether the Monoline is in default or default appears imminent, and the potential for intervention by an insurance or other regulator. 

 
 

 Monolines provide credit enhancement for certain of our investment securities, primarily RMBS and municipal securities. The credit enhancement is a feature of each specific security that guarantees the payment of all contractual cash flows, and is not purchased separately by GE. The Monoline industry continues to experience financial stress from increasing delinquencies and defaults on the individual loans underlying insured securities. We continue to rely on Monolines with adequate capital and claims paying resources. We have reduced our reliance on Monolines that do not have adequate capital or have experienced regulator intervention. At December 31, 2013, our investment securities insured by Monolines on which we continue to place reliance were $1.0 billion, including $0.3 billion of our $0.4 billion investment in subprime RMBS. At December 31, 2013, the unrealized loss associated with securities subject to Monoline credit enhancement, for which there is an expected credit loss, was $0.1 billion. 

 
 

 Total pre-tax, other-than-temporary impairment losses during 2013 were $0.8 billion, which was recognized in earnings and primarily relates to credit losses on corporate debt securities and other-than-temporary losses on equity securities and an insignificant amount primarily relates to non-credit-related losses on RMBS and is included within accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). 

 
 
    
 

 
 (49) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Total pre-tax, other-than-temporary impairment losses during 2012 were $0.2 billion, of which $0.1 billion was recognized in earnings and primarily relates to credit losses on non-U.S. corporate, U.S. corporate and RMBS securities and other-than-temporary losses on equity securities and $0.1 billion primarily relates to non-credit-related losses on RMBS and is included within AOCI. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, unrealized losses on investment securities totaled $0.7 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively, including $0.4 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively, aged 12 months or longer. Of the amount aged 12 months or longer at December 31, 2013, more than 70% are debt securities that were considered to be investment grade by the major rating agencies. In addition, of the amount aged 12 months or longer, $0.1 billion and $0.2 billion related to structured securities (mortgage-backed and asset-backed) and corporate debt securities, respectively. With respect to our investment securities that are in an unrealized loss position, aged 12 months or longer at December 31, 2013, the majority relate to debt securities held to support obligations to holders of GICs. We presently do not intend to sell the vast majority of our debt securities that are in an unrealized loss position and believe that it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of our amortized cost. For additional information, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Fair value measurements.  For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date. In the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. Additional information about our application of this guidance is provided in Notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. At December 31, 2013, the aggregate amount of investments that are measured at fair value through earnings totaled $3.2 billion and consisted primarily of various assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business, as well as equity investments. 

 
 

 Working capital,  representing GE current receivables and inventories, less GE accounts payable and progress collections, decreased $0.7 billion at December 31, 2013, compared to December 31, 2012 due to increases in accounts payable and progress collections, partially offset by increases in current receivables and inventory. As Power & Water, Oil & Gas and Aviation deliver units out of their backlogs to fulfill commitments over the next few years, progress collections of $13.2 billion at December 31, 2013, will be earned, which, along with progress collections on new orders, will impact working capital. We discuss current receivables and inventories, two important elements of working capital, in the following paragraphs. 

 
 

 Current receivables, before allowance for losses,  for GE totaled to $11.4 billion at December 31, 2013 and $9.7 billion at December 31, 2012, and included $7.4 billion due from customers at the end of 2013 compared with $6.3 billion at the end of 2012. GE current receivables turnover was 9.9 in 2013, compared with 10.5 in 2012. The overall increase in current receivables was primarily due to higher volume at Power & Water and Oil & Gas. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Inventories  for GE totaled $17.3 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $2.0 billion from 2012. This increase reflected higher inventories at Power & Water, Oil & Gas and Aviation to fulfill commitments and backlog. GE inventory turnover was 6.1 and 6.7 in 2013 and 2012, respectively. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Financing receivables  is our largest category of assets and represents one of our primary sources of revenues. Our portfolio of financing receivables is diverse and not directly comparable to major U.S. banks. A discussion of the quality of certain elements of the financing receivables portfolio follows. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (50) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Our consumer portfolio is composed primarily of non-U.S. mortgage, sales finance, auto and personal loans in various European and Asian countries and U.S. consumer credit card and sales finance receivables. In 2007, we exited the U.S. mortgage business and we have no U.S. auto or student loans. 

 
 

 Our commercial portfolio primarily comprises senior secured positions with comparatively low loss history. The secured receivables in this portfolio are collateralized by a variety of asset classes, which for our CLL business primarily include: industrial-related facilities and equipment, vehicles, corporate aircraft, and equipment used in many industries, including the construction, manufacturing, transportation, media, communications, entertainment, and healthcare industries. The portfolios in our Real Estate, GECAS and Energy Financial Services businesses are collateralized by commercial real estate, commercial aircraft and operating assets in the global energy and water industries, respectively. We are in a secured position for substantially all of our commercial portfolio. 

 
 

 Losses on financing receivables are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. The method for calculating the best estimate of losses depends on the size, type and risk characteristics of the related financing receivable. Such an estimate requires consideration of historical loss experience, adjusted for current conditions, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates, financial health of specific customers and market sectors, collateral values (including housing price indices as applicable), and the present and expected future levels of interest rates. The underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to provide for losses are updated periodically to reflect our view of current conditions and are subject to the regulatory examinations process, which can result in changes to our assumptions. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the allowance and provision for losses. It is possible to experience credit losses that are different from our current estimates. 

 
 

 Our risk management process includes standards and policies for reviewing major risk exposures and concentrations, and evaluates relevant data either for individual loans or financing leases, or on a portfolio basis, as appropriate. 

 
 

 Loans acquired in a business acquisition are recorded at fair value, which incorporates our estimate at the acquisition date of the credit losses over the remaining life of the portfolio. As a result, the allowance for losses is not carried over at acquisition. This may have the effect of causing lower reserve coverage ratios for those portfolios. 

 
 

 For purposes of the discussion that follows, “delinquent” receivables are those that are 30 days or more past due based on their contractual terms, and “nonearning” receivables are those that are 90 days or more past due (or for which collection is otherwise doubtful). Nonearning receivables exclude loans purchased at a discount (unless they have deteriorated post acquisition). These loans are initially recorded at fair value and accrete interest income over the estimated life of the loan based on reasonably estimable cash flows even if the underlying loans are contractually delinquent at acquisition. In addition, nonearning receivables exclude loans that are paying on a cash accounting basis but are classified as nonaccrual and impaired. “Nonaccrual” financing receivables include all nonearning receivables and are those on which we have stopped accruing interest. We stop accruing interest at the earlier of the time at which collection of an account becomes doubtful or the account becomes 90 days past due, with the exception of consumer credit card accounts, on which we accrue interest until the account becomes 180 days past due, as discussed below. Recently restructured financing receivables are not considered delinquent when payments are brought current according to the restructured terms, but may remain classified as nonaccrual until there has been a period of satisfactory payment performance by the borrower and future payments are reasonably assured of collection. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (51) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised our methods for classifying financing receivables as nonaccrual and nonearning to more closely align with regulatory guidance. Under the revised methods, we continue to accrue interest on consumer credit cards until the accounts are written off in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. Previously, we stopped accruing interest on consumer credit cards when the account became 90 days past due. In addition, the revised methods limit the use of the cash basis of accounting for nonaccrual financing receivables. 

 
 

 As a result of these revisions, consumer credit card receivables of $1.1 billion that were previously classified as both nonaccrual and nonearning were returned to accrual status in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, $1.5 billion of Real Estate and CLL financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual, paying in accordance with contractual terms and accounted for on the cash basis, were returned to accrual status, while $2.2 billion of financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual and accounted for on the cash basis (primarily in Real Estate and CLL) were placed into the nonearning category based on our assessment of the short-term outlook for resolution through payoff or refinance. These changes had an insignificant effect on earnings. 

 
 

 Given that the revised methods result in nonaccrual and nonearning amounts that are substantially the same, we plan to discontinue the reporting of nonearning financing receivables, one of our internal performance metrics, and report selected ratios related to nonaccrual financing receivables in the first quarter of 2014. 

 
 

 Further information on the determination of the allowance for losses on financing receivables and the credit quality and categorization of our financing receivables is provided in the Critical Accounting Estimates section in this Item and Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (52) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

   

   

 
  

 
 
 
   
 
 Financing receivables at 
 
   
 
 Nonearning receivables at 
 
   
 
 Allowance for losses at 
 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  68,585  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  72,517  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,243  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,333  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  473  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 490  
 
 
 
 Europe(a) 
 
   
 
  37,962  
 
   
   
 
  37,037  
 
   
   
 
  1,046  
 
   
   
 
 1,299  
 
   
   
 
  415  
 
   
   
 
 445  
 
 
 
 Asia 
 
   
 
  9,469  
 
   
   
 
  11,401  
 
   
   
 
  413  
 
   
   
 
 193  
 
   
   
 
  90  
 
   
   
 
 80  
 
 
 
 Other(a) 
 
   
 
  451  
 
   
   
 
  603  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 52  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 6  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  116,467  
 
   
   
 
  121,558  
 
   
   
 
  2,702  
 
   
   
 
 2,877  
 
   
   
 
  978  
 
   
   
 
 1,021  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Financial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       Services 
 
   
 
  3,107  
 
   
   
 
  4,851  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
   
   
 
 9  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  9,377  
 
   
   
 
  10,915  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  17  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  318  
 
   
   
 
  486  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Commercial 
 
   
 
  129,269  
 
   
   
 
  137,810  
 
   
   
 
  2,712  
 
   
   
 
 2,890  
 
   
   
 
  1,005  
 
   
   
 
 1,041  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
  19,899  
 
   
   
 
  20,946  
 
   
   
 
  2,301  
 
   
   
 
 444  
 
   
   
 
  192  
 
   
   
 
 320  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    residential 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      mortgages(b) 
 
   
 
  30,501  
 
   
   
 
  33,350  
 
   
   
 
  1,766  
 
   
   
 
 2,567  
 
   
   
 
  358  
 
   
   
 
 480  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     installment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        and revolving 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
          credit 
 
   
 
  13,677  
 
   
   
 
  17,816  
 
   
   
 
  88  
 
   
   
 
 213  
 
   
   
 
  594  
 
   
   
 
 582  
 
 
 
 U.S. installment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    and revolving 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      credit 
 
   
 
  55,854  
 
   
   
 
  50,853  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
 1,026  
 
   
   
 
  2,823  
 
   
   
 
 2,282  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
  2,054  
 
   
   
 
  4,260  
 
   
   
 
  18  
 
   
   
 
 24  
 
   
   
 
  56  
 
   
   
 
 67  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  6,953  
 
   
   
 
  8,070  
 
   
   
 
  345  
 
   
   
 
 351  
 
   
   
 
  150  
 
   
   
 
 172  
 
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
   
 
  109,039  
 
   
   
 
  114,349  
 
   
   
 
  2,219  
 
   
   
 
 4,181  
 
   
   
 
  3,981  
 
   
   
 
 3,583  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  258,207  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  273,105  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,232  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 7,515  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,178  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,944  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 During 2013, we transferred our European equipment services portfolio from CLL Other to CLL Europe. Prior-period amounts were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included financing receivables of $12,025 million and $12,221 million, nonearning receivables of $751 million and $1,036 million and allowance for losses of $139 million and $142 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily related to loans, net of credit insurance, whose terms permitted interest-only payments and high loan-to-value ratios at inception (greater than 90%). At origination, we underwrite loans with an adjustable rate to the reset value. Of these loans, about 85% are in our U.K. and France portfolios, which comprise mainly loans with interest-only payments, high loan-to-value ratios at inception and introductory below market rates, have a delinquency rate of 14%, have a loan-to-value ratio at origination of 82% and have re-indexed loan-to-value ratios of 84% and 64%, respectively. Re-indexed loan-to-value ratios may not reflect actual realizable values of future repossessions. At December 31, 2013, 11% (based on dollar values) of these loans in our U.K. and France portfolios have been restructured. 
 
 
 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (53) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The portfolio of financing receivables, before allowance for losses, was $258 . 2 billion at December 31, 2013, and $273.1 billion at December 31, 2012. Financing receivables, before allowance for losses, decreased $14.9 billion from December 31, 2012, primarily as a result of dispositions ($6.5 billion), write-offs ($5.9 billion), collections (which includes sales) exceeding originations ($3.6 billion) and the stronger U.S. dollar ($1.7 billion). 

 
 

 Related nonearning receivables totaled $7.2 billion (2.8% of outstanding receivables) at December 31, 2013, compared with $7.5 billion (2.8% of outstanding receivables) at December 31, 2012. Nonearning receivables decreased from December 31, 2012, primarily due to collections and write-offs at CLL and the placing of consumer credit card accounts on accrual status, partially offset by nonearning receivables previously classified as cash basis resulting from a revision to our nonaccrual and nonearning methods to more closely align with regulatory guidance in the fourth quarter of 2013. 

 
 

 The allowance for losses at December 31, 2013 totaled $5.2 billion compared with $4.9 billion at December 31, 2012, representing our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. Allowance for losses increased $0.2 billion from December 31, 2012, primarily because provisions were higher than write-offs, net of recoveries by $0.4 billion, which is attributable to an increase in provision in our Consumer installment and revolving portfolios. The allowance for losses as a percent of total financing receivables increased from 1.8% at December 31, 2012 to 2.0% at December 31, 2013 primarily due to an increase in the allowance for losses and a decline in the overall financing receivables balance as discussed above. Further information surrounding the allowance for losses related to each of our portfolios is detailed below. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (54) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The following table provides information surrounding selected ratios related to nonearning financing receivables and the allowance for losses. 

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Nonearning financing receivables  
 
   
 
 Allowance for losses 
 
   
 
 Allowance for losses  
 
   
 
   
 
 as a percent of 
 
   
 
 as a percent of 
 
   
 
 as a percent of  
 
   
 
 
 December 31 
 
 
 financing receivables at 
 
   
 
 nonearning financing receivables at 
 
   
 
 total financing receivables at 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Americas 
 
 
 1.8  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 1.8  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 38.1  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 36.8  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 0.7  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 0.7  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Europe 
 
 
 2.8  
 
   
 
 3.5  
 
   
 
 39.7  
 
   
 
 34.3  
 
   
 
 1.1  
 
   
 
 1.2  
 
   
 
 
 Asia 
 
 
 4.4  
 
   
 
 1.7  
 
   
 
 21.8  
 
   
 
 41.5  
 
   
 
 1.0  
 
   
 
 0.7  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 –  
 
   
 
 8.6  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 11.5  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 1.0  
 
   
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
 
 2.3  
 
   
 
 2.4  
 
   
 
 36.2  
 
   
 
 35.5  
 
   
 
 0.8  
 
   
 
 0.8  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Financial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       Services 
 
 
 0.1  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 200.0  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 0.3  
 
   
 
 0.2  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
 
 –  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 –  
 
   
 
 0.2  
 
   
 
 0.1  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 1.9  
 
   
 
 2.7  
 
   
 
 33.3  
 
   
 
 23.1  
 
   
 
 0.6  
 
   
 
 0.6  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
 
 2.1  
 
   
 
 2.1  
 
   
 
 37.1  
 
   
 
 36.0  
 
   
 
 0.8  
 
   
 
 0.8  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 
 11.6  
 
   
 
 2.1  
 
   
 
 8.3  
 
   
 
 72.1  
 
   
 
 1.0  
 
   
 
 1.5  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    residential mortgages(a) 
 
 
 5.8  
 
   
 
 7.7  
 
   
 
 20.3  
 
   
 
 18.7  
 
   
 
 1.2  
 
   
 
 1.4  
 
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    installment and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      revolving credit 
 
 
 0.6  
 
   
 
 1.2  
 
   
 
 675.0  
 
   
 
 273.2  
 
   
 
 4.3  
 
   
 
 3.3  
 
   
 
 
 U.S. installment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and revolving credit 
 
 
 –  
 
   
 
 2.0  
 
   
 
 (b) 
 
   
 
 222.4  
 
   
 
 5.1  
 
   
 
 4.5  
 
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. auto 
 
 
 0.9  
 
   
 
 0.6  
 
   
 
 311.1  
 
   
 
 279.2  
 
   
 
 2.7  
 
   
 
 1.6  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 5.0  
 
   
 
 4.3  
 
   
 
 43.5  
 
   
 
 49.0  
 
   
 
 2.2  
 
   
 
 2.1  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
 
 2.0  
 
   
 
 3.7  
 
   
 
 179.4  
 
   
 
 85.7  
 
   
 
 3.7  
 
   
 
 3.1  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 2.8  
 
   
 
 2.8  
 
   
 
 71.6  
 
   
 
 65.8  
 
   
 
 2.0  
 
   
 
 1.8  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included nonearning financing receivables as a percent of financing receivables of 6.2% and 8.5%, allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables of 18.5% and 13.7% and allowance for losses as a percent of total financing receivables of 1.2% and 1.2% at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively, primarily related to loans, net of credit insurance, whose terms permitted interest-only payments and high loan-to-value ratios at inception (greater than 90%). Compared to the overall Non-U.S. residential mortgage loan portfolio, the ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning financing receivables for these loans is lower, driven primarily by the higher mix of such products in the U.K. and France portfolios and as a result of the better performance and collateral realization experience in these markets. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Not meaningful. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 Included below is a discussion of financing receivables, allowance for losses, nonearning receivables and related metrics for each of our significant portfolios. 

 
 

 CLL – Americas .  Nonearning receivables of $1.2 billion represented 17.2% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables increased from 36.8% at December 31, 2012, to 38.1% at December 31, 2013, reflecting a decrease in nonearning receivables. The ratio of nonearning receivables as a percent of financing receivables remained constant at 1.8% at December 31, 2013 primarily due to decreased nonearning exposures in our industrial and consumer-facing portfolios, partially offset by our materials, media and Latin America portfolios. Collateral supporting these nonearning financing receivables primarily includes assets in the restaurant and hospitality, trucking and industrial equipment industries and corporate aircraft, and for our leveraged finance business, equity of the underlying businesses. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (55) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 CLL – Europe.   Nonearning receivables of $1.0 billion represented 14.5% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables increased from 34.3% at December 31, 2012 to 39.7% at December 31, 2013, reflecting a decrease in nonearning receivables and allowance for losses in our Interbanca S.p.A. and asset-backed lending portfolios primarily as a result of write-offs. The majority of our CLL – Europe nonearning receivables are attributable to the Interbanca S.p.A. portfolio, which was acquired in 2009. The loans acquired with Interbanca S.p.A. were recorded at fair value, which incorporates an estimate at the acquisition date of credit losses over their remaining life. Accordingly, these loans generally have a lower ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables compared to the remaining portfolio. Excluding the nonearning loans attributable to the 2009 acquisition of Interbanca S.p.A., the ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables increased from 58.4% at December 31, 2012, to 70.8% at December 31, 2013, primarily due to a decrease in nonearning receivables as a result of write-offs and sales in our acquisition finance and asset-backed lending portfolios. The ratio of nonearning receivables as a percent of financing receivables decreased from 3.5% at December 31, 2012, to 2.8% at December 31, 2013, for the reasons described above. Collateral supporting these secured nonearning financing receivables are primarily equity of the underlying businesses for our Interbanca S.p.A. business and acquisition finance businesses, the purchased receivables for our asset-backed lending portfolio, and equipment for our equipment finance portfolio. 

 
 

 CLL – Asia.  Nonearning receivables of $0.4 billion represented 5.7% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables decreased from 41.5% at December 31, 2012, to 21.8% at December 31, 2013, primarily due to an increase in nonearning receivables in Australia, South Korea and Thailand, partially offset by restructuring activities and write-offs resulting in a reduction of nonearning receivables in our asset-based financing businesses in Japan. The ratio of nonearning receivables as a percent of financing receivables increased from 1.7% at December 31, 2012, to 4.4% at December 31, 2013, primarily due to increased nonearning receivables mentioned above and a decline in financing receivables primarily in our asset-based financing businesses in Japan and Australia. Collateral supporting these nonearning financing receivables is primarily commercial real estate, manufacturing equipment and corporate aircraft. 

 
 

 Real Estate – Debt.  Nonearning receivables of $2.3 billion represented 31.8% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The increase in nonearning receivables from December 31, 2012, was primarily due to $2.1 billion of financing receivables previously classified as cash basis resulting from a revision to our nonaccrual and nonearning methods to more closely align with regulatory guidance in the fourth quarter of 2013, partially offset by the resolution of North American multi-family and hotel nonearning loans, as well as European retail and mixed-use loans through payoffs, foreclosures and write-offs. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables decreased from 72.1% to 8.3% reflecting the increase in nonearning loans as mentioned above. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of total financing receivables decreased from 1.5% at December 31, 2012 to 1.0% at December 31, 2013, driven primarily by the reduction in overall reserves due to improving market conditions and new loan originations in 2013. 

 
 

 The Real Estate financing receivables portfolio is collateralized by income-producing or owner-occupied commercial properties across a variety of asset classes and markets. At December 31, 2013, total Real Estate financing receivables of $19.9 billion were primarily collateralized by office buildings ($5.9 billion), apartment buildings ($3.2 billion), retail facilities ($2.8 billion), warehouse properties ($2.6 billion) and hotel properties ($2.2 billion). In 2013, commercial real estate markets continue to show signs of improved stability and liquidity in certain markets; however, the pace of improvement varies significantly by asset class and market and the long-term outlook remains uncertain. We have and continue to maintain an intense focus on operations and risk management. Loan loss reserves related to our Real Estate–Debt financing receivables are particularly sensitive to declines in underlying property values. Estimating the impact of global property values on loss performance across our portfolio depends on a number of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, property level operating performance, local market dynamics and individual borrower behavior. As a result, any attempts to forecast potential losses carry a high degree of imprecision and are subject to change. At December 31, 2013, we had 116 foreclosed commercial real estate properties totaling $1.0 billion. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (56) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Consumer − Non-U.S. residential mortgages.  Nonearning receivables of $1.8 billion represented 24.4% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables increased from 18.7% at December 31, 2012, to 20.3% at December 31, 2013, as a result of lower nonearning receivables due to improved collections and higher property values primarily in our U.K. portfolio. Our non-U.S. mortgage portfolio has a loan-to-value ratio of approximately 75% at origination and the vast majority are first lien positions. Our U.K. and France portfolios, which comprise a majority of our total mortgage portfolio, have reindexed loan-to-value ratios of 77% and 56%, respectively, and about 9% of these loans are without mortgage insurance and have a reindexed loan-to-value ratio equal to or greater than 100%. Re-indexed loan-to-value ratios may not reflect actual realizable values of future repossessions.   Loan-to-value information is updated on a quarterly basis for a majority of our loans and considers economic factors such as the housing price index. At December 31, 2013, we had in repossession stock 447 houses in the U.K., which had a value of approximately $0.1 billion. The ratio of nonearning receivables as a percent of financing receivables decreased from 7.7% at December 31, 2012 to 5.8% at December 31, 2013 for the reasons described above. 

 
 

 Consumer − Non-U.S. installment and revolving credit.  Nonearning receivables of $0.1 billion represented 1.2% of total nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of nonearning receivables increased from 273.2% at December 31, 2012 to 675.0% at December 31, 2013 ,  reflecting an increase in the allowance for losses primarily due to the approach described below and a decrease in nonearning receivables reflect the placing of consumer credit card accounts on accrual status. 

 
 

 Consumer − U.S. installment and revolving credit.  Nonearning receivables at December 31, 2013, reflect the placing of consumer credit card accounts on accrual status. The ratio of allowance for losses as a percent of financing receivables increased from 4.5% at December 31, 2012 to 5.1% at December 31, 2013, reflecting an increase in the allowance for losses primarily due to the approach described below. 

 
 

 In 2013, we completed our implementation of a more granular portfolio segmentation approach, by loss type, in determining the incurred loss period in our consumer revolving credit portfolios, which resulted in an increase to the incurred loss period and included a qualitative assessment of the adequacy of the consumer revolving credit portfolios’ allowance for losses, which compares this allowance for losses to projected net write-offs over the next 12 months, in a manner consistent with regulatory guidance. This resulted in an increase of $0.6 billion to the allowance for losses on financing receivables ($0.3 billion, after tax), the vast majority of which was attributable to our U.S. consumer revolving credit portfolios. 

   

 Nonaccrual Financing Receivables 

   

 The following table provides details related to our nonaccrual and nonearning financing receivables. Nonaccrual financing receivables include all nonearning receivables and are those on which we have stopped accruing interest. We stop accruing interest at the earlier of the time at which collection becomes doubtful or the account becomes 90 days past due, with the exception of consumer credit card accounts, as discussed below. 

   

 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised our methods for classifying financing receivables as nonaccrual and nonearning to more closely align with regulatory guidance. Under the revised methods, we continue to accrue interest on consumer credit cards until the accounts are written off in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. Previously, we stopped accruing interest on consumer credit cards when the account became 90 days past due. In addition, the revised methods limit the use of the cash basis of accounting for nonaccrual financing receivables. 

   

 As a result of these revisions, consumer credit card receivables of $1.1 billion that were previously classified as both nonaccrual and nonearning were returned to accrual status in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, $1.5 billion of Real Estate and CLL financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual, paying in accordance with contractual terms and accounted for on the cash basis, were returned to accrual status, while $2.2 billion of financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual and accounted for on the cash basis (primarily in Real Estate and CLL) were placed into the nonearning category based on our assessment of the short-term outlook for resolution through payoff or refinance. These changes had an insignificant effect on earnings. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (57) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Given that the revised methods result in nonaccrual and nonearning amounts that are substantially the same, we plan to discontinue the reporting of nonearning financing receivables, one of our internal performance metrics, and report selected ratios related to nonaccrual financing receivables in the first quarter of 2014. 

   

 Substantially all of the differences between nonearning and nonaccrual financing receivables relate to loans that are classified as nonaccrual financing receivables but are paying on a cash accounting basis, and therefore excluded from nonearning receivables. Of our $7.9 billion nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2013, $4.2 billion are currently paying in accordance with their contractual terms. Further information on our nonaccrual and nonearning financing receivables is provided in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Nonaccrual financing 
 
   
 
 Nonearning financing 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 receivables 
 
   
 
 receivables 
 
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,734  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,138  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,702  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,877  
 
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  25  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
   
 
  2,744  
 
   
   
 
  4,166  
 
   
   
 
  2,712  
 
   
   
 
  2,890  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate(a) 
 
   
 
  2,551  
 
   
   
 
  4,885  
 
   
   
 
  2,301  
 
   
   
 
  444  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer(b) 
 
   
 
  2,620  
 
   
   
 
  4,288  
 
   
   
 
  2,219  
 
   
   
 
  4,181  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,915  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,339  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,232  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,515  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we reclassified financing receivables of $1.0 billion from nonaccrual to accrual status and $2.1 billion from nonaccrual to nonearning, as discussed above. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we reclassified consumer credit card receivables of $1.1 billion from both nonaccrual and nonearning to accrual status, as discussed above.  
 
 
 

   

   
 

 Impaired Loans 

   

 “Impaired” loans in the table below are defined as larger-balance or restructured loans for which it is probable that the lender will be unable to collect all amounts due according to original contractual terms of the loan agreement. The vast majority of our Consumer and a portion of our CLL nonaccrual receivables are excluded from this definition, as they represent smaller-balance homogeneous loans that we evaluate collectively by portfolio for impairment. 

 
 

 Impaired loans include nonearning receivables on larger-balance or restructured loans, loans that are currently paying interest under the cash basis (but are excluded from the nonearning category), and loans paying currently that had been previously restructured. 

 
 

 Specific reserves are recorded for individually impaired loans to the extent we have determined that it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to original contractual terms of the loan agreement. Certain loans classified as impaired may not require a reserve because we believe that we will ultimately collect the unpaid balance (through collection or collateral repossession). 

 
 

 Further information pertaining to loans classified as impaired and specific reserves is included in the table below. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (58) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Loans requiring allowance for losses 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Commercial(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,116  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,372  
 
 
 
    Real Estate 
 
   
 
 1,245  
 
   
   
 
 2,202  
 
 
 
    Consumer 
 
   
 
 2,879  
 
   
   
 
 3,103  
 
 
 
 Total loans requiring allowance for losses 
 
   
 
 5,240  
 
   
   
 
 6,677  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Loans expected to be fully recoverable 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Commercial(a) 
 
   
 
 2,776  
 
   
   
 
 3,697  
 
 
 
    Real Estate 
 
   
 
 2,615  
 
   
   
 
 3,491  
 
 
 
    Consumer 
 
   
 
 109  
 
   
   
 
 105  
 
 
 
 Total loans expected to be fully recoverable 
 
   
 
 5,500  
 
   
   
 
 7,293  
 
 
 
 Total impaired loans 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,740  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,970  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Allowance for losses (specific reserves) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Commercial(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 328  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 487  
 
 
 
    Real Estate 
 
   
 
 74  
 
   
   
 
 188  
 
 
 
    Consumer 
 
   
 
 567  
 
   
   
 
 673  
 
 
 
 Total allowance for losses (specific reserves) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 969  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,348  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Average investment during the period 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,347  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,262  
 
 
 
 Interest income earned while impaired(b) 
 
   
 
 626  
 
   
   
 
 750  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Includes CLL, Energy Financial Services, GECAS and Other. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Recognized principally on an accrual basis. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 We regularly review our Real Estate loans for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative factors, such as debt service coverage and loan-to-value ratios. We evaluate a Real Estate loan for impairment when the most recent valuation reflects a projected loan-to-value ratio at maturity in excess of 100%, even if the loan is currently paying in accordance with its contractual terms. 

 
 

 Of our $3.9 billion of impaired loans at Real Estate at December 31, 2013, $3.6 billion are currently paying in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan and are typically loans where the borrower has adequate debt service coverage to meet contractual interest obligations. Impaired loans at CLL primarily represent senior secured lending positions. 

 
 

 Our impaired loan balance at December 31, 2013 and 2012, classified by the method used to measure impairment was as follows. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Discounted cash flow 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,558  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 6,693  
 
 
 
 Collateral value 
 
   
 
  5,182  
 
   
   
 
 7,277  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  10,740  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,970  
 
 
 

 
 

 See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Our loss mitigation strategy is intended to minimize economic loss and, at times, can result in rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extensions, forbearance or other actions, which may cause the related loan to be classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR), and also as impaired. Changes to Real Estate’s loans primarily include maturity extensions, principal payment acceleration, changes to collateral terms and cash sweeps, which are in addition to, or sometimes in lieu of, fees and rate increases. The determination of whether these changes to the terms and conditions of our commercial loans meet the TDR criteria includes our consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. At December 31, 2013, TDRs included in impaired loans were $9.5 billion, primarily relating to Real Estate ($3.6 billion), CLL ($3.0 billion) and Consumer ($2.9 billion). 

 
 
    
 

 
 (59) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Real Estate TDRs decreased from $5.1 billion at December 31, 2012 to $3.6 billion at December 31, 2013, primarily driven by resolution of TDRs through paydowns, partially offset by extensions of loans scheduled to mature during 2013, some of which were classified as TDRs upon modification. For borrowers with demonstrated operating capabilities, we work to restructure loans when the cash flow and projected value of the underlying collateral support repayment over the modified term. We deem loan modifications to be TDRs when we have granted a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty and we do not receive adequate compensation in the form of an effective interest rate that is at current market rates of interest given the risk characteristics of the loan or other consideration that compensates us for the value of the concession. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we modified $1.6 billion of loans classified as TDRs, substantially all in our Debt portfolio. Changes to these loans primarily included maturity extensions, principal payment acceleration, changes to collateral or covenant terms and cash sweeps that are in addition to, or sometimes in lieu of, fees and rate increases. The limited liquidity and higher return requirements in the real estate market for loans with higher loan-to-value (LTV) ratios have typically resulted in the conclusion that the modified terms are not at current market rates of interest, even if the modified loans are expected to be fully recoverable. We received the same or additional compensation in the form of rate increases and fees for the majority of these TDRs. Of our $1.6 billion and $4.4 billion of modifications classified as TDRs in the last 12 months ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, $0.2 billion have subsequently experienced a payment default in both 2013 and 2012. 

 
 

 The substantial majority of the Real Estate TDRs have reserves determined based upon collateral value. Our specific reserves on Real Estate TDRs were $0.1 billion at December 31, 2013 and $0.2 billion at December 31, 2012, and were 1.9% and 3.1%, respectively, of Real Estate TDRs. In many situations these loans did not require a specific reserve as collateral value adequately covered our recorded investment in the loan. While these modified loans had adequate collateral coverage, we were still required to complete our TDR classification evaluation on each of the modifications without regard to collateral adequacy. 

 
 

 We utilize certain short-term (three months or less) loan modification programs for borrowers experiencing temporary financial difficulties in our Consumer loan portfolio. These loan modification programs are primarily concentrated in our non-U.S. residential mortgage and non-U.S. installment and revolving portfolios. We sold our U.S. residential mortgage business in 2007 and, as such, do not participate in the U.S. government-sponsored mortgage modification programs. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we provided short-term modifications of approximately $0.1 billion of consumer loans for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, substantially all in our non-U.S. residential mortgage, credit card and personal loan portfolios, which are not classified as TDRs. For these modified loans, we provided insignificant interest rate reductions and payment deferrals, which were not part of the terms of the original contract. We expect borrowers whose loans have been modified under these short-term programs to continue to be able to meet their contractual obligations upon the conclusion of the short-term modification. In addition, we have modified $1.4 billion of Consumer loans for the year ended December 31, 2013, which are classified as TDRs. Further information on Consumer impaired loans is provided in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Delinquencies 

   

 For additional information on delinquency rates at each of our major portfolios, see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 GECC Selected European Exposures 

   

 At December 31, 2013, we had $81.8 billion in financing receivables to consumer and commercial customers in Europe. The GECC financing receivables portfolio in Europe is well diversified across European geographies and customers. Approximately 88% of the portfolio is secured by collateral and represents approximately 500,000 commercial customers. Several European countries, including Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Hungary (focus countries), have been subject to credit deterioration due to weaknesses in their economic and fiscal situations. The carrying value of GECC funded exposures in these focus countries and in the rest of Europe comprised the following at December 31, 2013. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (60) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Rest of 
 
   
 
 Total  
 
 
 
 December 31, 2013 (In millions) 
 
 
 Spain 
 
   
 
 Portugal 
 
   
 
 Ireland 
 
   
 
 Italy 
 
   
 
 Greece 
 
   
 
 Hungary 
 
   
 
 Europe 
 
   
 
 Europe 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing receivables, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      before allowance 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      for losses on 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      financing receivables 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,605  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  262  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  290  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,149  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,014  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  70,734  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  83,059  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Allowance for losses on 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      financing receivables 
 
   
 
  (106) 
 
   
   
 
  (18) 
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  (254) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (68) 
 
   
   
 
  (787) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,237) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing receivables, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      net of allowance 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      for losses on 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      financing receivables(a)(b) 
 
   
 
  1,499  
 
   
   
 
  244  
 
   
   
 
  286  
 
   
   
 
  6,895  
 
   
   
 
  5  
 
   
   
 
  2,946  
 
   
   
 
  69,947  
 
   
   
 
  81,822  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investments(c)(d) 
 
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  461  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  246  
 
   
   
 
  2,211  
 
   
   
 
  2,921  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cost and equity method 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      investments(e) 
 
   
 
  307  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  383  
 
   
   
 
  61  
 
   
   
 
  35  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,940  
 
   
   
 
  2,726  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Derivatives, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      net of collateral(c)(f) 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  63  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  102  
 
   
   
 
  167  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 ELTO(g) 
 
   
 
  401  
 
   
   
 
  108  
 
   
   
 
  419  
 
   
   
 
  754  
 
   
   
 
  242  
 
   
   
 
  328  
 
   
   
 
  9,286  
 
   
   
 
  11,538  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real estate held for 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      investment(g) 
 
   
 
  793  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  422  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,455  
 
   
   
 
  5,670  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total funded exposures(h) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,005  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  352  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,088  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,656  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  282  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,520  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  87,941  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  104,844  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Unfunded commitments(i) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  20  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  38  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  218  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  827  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,784  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,897  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Financing receivable amounts are classified based on the location or nature of the related obligor. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Substantially all relates to non-sovereign obligors. Includes residential mortgage loans of approximately $30.2 billion before consideration of purchased credit protection. We have third-party mortgage insurance for less than 10% of these residential mortgage loans, which were primarily originated in France and the U.K. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Investments and derivatives are classified based on the location of the parent of the obligor or issuer. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Includes $0.8 billion related to financial institutions, $0.2 billion related to non-financial institutions and $1.9 billion related to sovereign issuers. Sovereign issuances totaled $0.1 billion and $0.2 billion related to Italy and Hungary, respectively. We held no investments issued by sovereign entities in the other focus countries. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Substantially all is non-sovereign. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (f) 
 
 
 Net of cash collateral; entire amount is non-sovereign. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (g) 
 
 
 These assets are held under long-term investment and operating strategies, and our ELTO strategies contemplate an ability to redeploy assets under lease should default by the lessee occur. The values of these assets could be subject to decline or impairment in the current environment. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (h) 
 
 
 Excludes $34.4 billion of cash and equivalents, which is composed of $19.6 billion of cash on short-term placement with highly rated global financial institutions based in Europe, sovereign central banks and agencies or supranational entities, of which $1.7 billion is in focus countries, and $14.8 billion of cash and equivalents placed with highly rated European financial institutions on a short-term basis, secured by U.S. Treasury securities ($8.4 billion) and sovereign bonds of non-focus countries ($6.4 billion), where the value of our collateral exceeds the amount of our cash exposure. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (i) 
 
 
 Includes ordinary course of business lending commitments, commercial and consumer unused revolving credit lines, inventory financing arrangements and investment commitments. 
 
 
 

 
  

 
 
    
 

 
 (61) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 
 

   

 We manage counterparty exposure, including credit risk, on an individual counterparty basis. We place defined risk limits around each obligor and review our risk exposure on the basis of both the primary and parent obligor, as well as the issuer of securities held as collateral. These limits are adjusted on an ongoing basis based on our continuing assessment of the credit risk of the obligor or issuer. In setting our counterparty risk limits, we focus on high-quality credits and diversification through spread of risk in an effort to actively manage our overall exposure. We actively monitor each exposure against these limits and take appropriate action when we believe that risk limits have been exceeded or there are excess risk concentrations. Our collateral position and ability to work out problem accounts have historically mitigated our actual loss experience. Delinquency experience has been relatively stable in our European commercial and consumer platforms in the aggregate, and we actively monitor and take action to reduce exposures where appropriate. Uncertainties surrounding European markets could have an impact on the judgments and estimates used in determining the carrying value of these assets. 

   

 Other GECC receivables  totaled $16.5 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $2.6 billion from 2012, driven by higher amounts due from GE related to material procurement and factoring programs. At December 31, 2013, the balance was primarily composed of amounts due from GE (related to material procurement programs and factoring programs of $6.7 billion), insurance receivables, accrued interest and investment income, nonfinancing customer receivables and amounts due under operating leases. 

 
 

 Property, plant and equipment  totaled $68.8 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $0.2 billion from 2012, primarily reflecting an increase in machinery and equipment at GE, partially offset by a decrease in equipment leased to others principally at our GECAS aircraft leasing business. This decrease included impairment losses on our operating lease portfolio of commercial aircraft of $0.7 billion and $0.2 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Impairment losses in 2013 incorporated management’s downward revisions to cash flow estimates based upon shorter useful lives and lower aircraft residual values from those indicated by our third-party appraisers, reflecting the introduction of newer technology, fleet retirements and high fuel prices and operating costs. These revised estimates primarily related to cargo aircraft ($0.3 billion), older technology narrow body aircraft ($0.2 billion) and regional jets ($0.1 billion). The average age of aircrafts we impaired in 2013 was 15 years compared with 7 years for our total fleet. 

 
 

 GE property, plant and equipment consisted of investments for its own productive use, whereas the largest element for GECC was equipment provided to third parties on operating leases. Details by category of investment are presented in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 GE additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $3.7 billion and $3.9 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Total expenditures, excluding equipment leased to others, for the past five years were $14.2 billion, of which 43% was investment for growth through new capacity and product development; 22% was investment in productivity through new equipment and process improvements; and 35% was investment for other purposes such as improvement of research and development facilities and safety and environmental protection. 

   

 GECC additions to property, plant and equipment were $10.0 billion and $11.9 billion during 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily reflecting additions of commercial aircraft at GECAS. 

 
 

 Goodwill and other intangible assets  totaled $77.6 billion and $14.3 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2013. Goodwill increased $4.5 billion and other intangible assets increased $2.3 billion from 2012, primarily from the acquisitions of the aerospace-parts business of Avio S.p.A. (Avio) and Lufkin Industries Inc. (Lufkin). Goodwill increased $0.8 billion from 2011 primarily from the acquisitions of Industrea Limited and Railcar Management, Inc., and the weaker U.S. dollar. Other intangible assets decreased $0.1 billion from 2011, primarily from dispositions and amortization expense, partially offset by acquisitions. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (62) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 All other assets  comprises mainly equity and cost method investments, real estate equity properties and investments, assets held for sale and derivative instruments, and totaled $70.8 billion at December 31, 2013, a decrease of $30.8 billion from 2012, primarily related to the sale of our remaining investment in NBCU LLC ($18.9 billion), certain held-for-sale real estate and aircraft ($7.9 billion), the sale of certain real estate investments ($3.4 billion), a decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments ($2.4 billion) and a decrease in our Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P. (PTL) investment ($1.2 billion), partially offset by an increase in contract costs and estimated earnings ($1.5 billion). During 2013, we recognized $0.5 billion of other-than-temporary impairments of cost and equity method investments, excluding those related to real estate. 

 
 

 Included in other assets are Real Estate equity investments of $13.7 billion and $20.7 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Our portfolio is diversified, both geographically and by asset type. We review the estimated values of our commercial real estate investments annually, or more frequently as conditions warrant. Based on the most recent valuation estimates available, the carrying value of our Real Estate investments exceeded their estimated value by about $2.1 billion. This amount is subject to variation and dependent on economic and market conditions, changes in cash flow estimates and composition of our portfolio, including sales. Commercial real estate valuations have shown signs of improved stability and liquidity in certain markets, primarily in the U.S.; however, the pace of improvement varies significantly by asset class and market. Accordingly, there continues to be risk and uncertainty surrounding commercial real estate values. Declines in estimated value of real estate below carrying amount result in impairment losses when the aggregate undiscounted cash flow estimates used in the estimated value measurement are below the carrying amount. As such, estimated losses in the portfolio will not necessarily result in recognized impairment losses. During 2013, Real Estate recognized pre-tax impairments of $0.3 billion in its real estate held for investment, which were primarily driven by declining cash flow projections for properties in Japan and Europe, as well as strategic decisions to sell portfolios in the U.S., Asia and Europe. During 2012, Real Estate recognized pre-tax impairments of $0.1 billion. Real Estate investments with undiscounted cash flows in excess of carrying value of 0% to 5% at December 31, 2013 had a carrying value of $0.4 billion and an associated estimated unrealized loss of an insignificant amount. Deterioration in economic conditions or prolonged market illiquidity may result in further impairments being recognized. On March 19, 2013, in connection with GE’s sale of its remaining 49% interest in NBCUniversal LLC to Comcast Corporation, we sold real estate comprising certain floors located at 30 Rockefeller Center, New York and the CNBC property located in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey to affiliates of NBCUniversal for $1.4 billion in cash. 

 
 

 Contract costs and estimated earnings reflect revenues earned in excess of billings on our long-term contracts to construct technically complex equipment (such as power generation, aircraft engines and aeroderivative units) and long-term product maintenance or extended warranty arrangements. Our total contract costs and estimated earnings balances at December 31, 2013 and 2012, were $12.5 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively, reflecting the timing of billing in relation to work performed, as well as changes in estimates of future revenues and costs. Our total contract costs and estimated earnings balance at December 31, 2013 primarily related to customers in our Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Aviation and Transportation businesses. Further information is provided in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of this Item. 

 
 

 Liquidity and Borrowings 

   

 We maintain a strong focus on liquidity. At both GE and GECC we manage our liquidity to help provide access to sufficient funding to meet our business needs and financial obligations throughout business cycles. 

 
 

 Our liquidity and borrowing plans for GE and GECC are established within the context of our annual financial and strategic planning processes. At GE, our liquidity and funding plans take into account the liquidity necessary to fund our operating commitments, which include primarily purchase obligations for inventory and equipment, payroll and general expenses (including pension funding). We also take into account our capital allocation and growth objectives, including paying dividends, repurchasing shares, investing in research and development and acquiring industrial businesses. At GE, we rely primarily on cash generated through our operating activities, any dividend payments from GECC, and also have historically maintained a commercial paper program that we regularly use to fund operations in the U.S., principally within fiscal quarters. During 2013, GECC paid quarterly dividends of $1.9 billion and special dividends of $4.1 billion to GE. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (63) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 GECC’s liquidity position is targeted to meet its obligations under both normal and stressed conditions. GECC establishes a funding plan annually that is based on the projected asset size and cash needs of the Company, which, over the past few years, has included our strategy to reduce our ending net investment in GE Capital. GECC relies on a diversified source of funding, including the unsecured term debt markets, the global commercial paper markets, deposits, secured funding, retail funding products, bank borrowings and securitizations to fund its balance sheet, in addition to cash generated through collection of principal, interest and other payments on our existing portfolio of loans and leases to fund its operating and interest expense costs. 

 
 

 Our 2014 GECC funding plan anticipates repayment of principal on outstanding short-term borrowings, including the current portion of long-term debt ($39.2 billion at December 31, 2013), through issuance of long-term debt and reissuance of commercial paper, cash on hand, collections of financing receivables exceeding originations, dispositions, asset sales, and deposits and other alternative sources of funding. Long-term maturities and early redemptions were $48.3 billion in 2013. Interest on borrowings is primarily repaid through interest earned on existing financing receivables. During 2013, GECC earned interest income on financing receivables of $19.6 billion, which more than offset interest expense of $9.3 billion. 

 
 

 During the first quarter of 2013, $5.0 billion of long-term debt issued by GE matured. 

 
 

 We maintain a detailed liquidity policy for GECC that includes a requirement to maintain a contingency funding plan. The liquidity policy defines GECC’s liquidity risk tolerance under different stress scenarios based on its liquidity sources and also establishes procedures to escalate potential issues. We actively monitor GECC’s access to funding markets and its liquidity profile through tracking external indicators and testing various stress scenarios. The contingency funding plan provides a framework for handling market disruptions and establishes escalation procedures in the event that such events or circumstances arise. 

 
 

 GECC is a regulated savings and loan holding company under U.S. law and became subject to Federal Reserve Board (FRB) supervision on July 21, 2011, the one-year anniversary of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (DFA). In addition, on July 8, 2013, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) designated GECC as a nonbank systemically important financial institution (nonbank SIFI) under the DFA. Many of the rulemakings for supervision of nonbank SIFIs are not final and therefore the exact impact and implementation date remain uncertain. GECC continues to plan for the enhanced prudential standards that will apply to nonbank SIFIs. These DFA rulemakings will require, among other items, enhanced capital and liquidity levels, compliance with the comprehensive capital analysis and review regulations (CCAR), compliance with counterparty credit exposure limits, and the development of a resolution plan for submission to regulators. 

 
 

 GE is also subject to the Volcker Rule, which U.S. regulators finalized on December 10, 2013. The rule prohibits companies that are affiliated with U.S. insured depository institutions from engaging in “proprietary trading” or acquiring or retaining any ownership interest in, or sponsoring or engaging in certain transactions with, a “hedge fund” or a “private equity fund.” Proprietary trading and fund investing, as prohibited by the rule, are not core activities for GE, but GE is assessing the full impact of the rule, in anticipation of full conformance with the rule, as required by July 21, 2015. 

 
 

 The FRB recently finalized regulations to revise and replace its current rules on capital adequacy and to extend capital regulations to savings and loan holding companies like GECC. Under the final rules, GECC expects that the standardized approach for calculating capital will apply to GECC, in its capacity as a savings and loan holding company, on January 1, 2015. However, that timing could change once nonbank SIFI rules are finalized. GECC will ultimately also become subject to the Basel III advanced capital rules that will be applicable to institutions with $250 billion or more in assets. Initial actions required for compliance with the advanced capital rules, including building out the necessary systems and models, will begin once GECC is subject to regulatory capital rules. However, full implementation will take several years to complete. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (64) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The FRB has also indicated in a proposed rulemaking that they will require nonbank SIFIs to submit annual capital plans for review, including institutions’ plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments. The applicability and timing of this proposed regulation to GECC is not yet determined. While GECC is not yet subject to this regulation, GECC’s capital allocation planning remains subject to FRB review as a savings and loan holding company. 

 
 

 Overall, GE does not believe that GECC’s designation as a nonbank SIFI will have a material impact on its business or operations. 

 
 

 Liquidity Sources 

   

 We maintain liquidity sources that consist of cash and equivalents, committed unused credit lines and high-quality, liquid investments. 

 
 

 We had consolidated cash and equivalents of $88.6 billion at December 31, 2013 that were available to meet our needs. Of this, $13.7 billion was held at GE and $74.9 billion was held at GECC. 

 
 

 We had committed, unused credit lines totaling $47.8 billion that were extended to us by 50 financial institutions at December 31, 2013. GECC can borrow up to $47.8 billion under all of these credit lines. GE can borrow up to $13.9 billion under certain of these credit lines. These lines include $26.5 billion of revolving credit agreements under which we can borrow funds for periods exceeding one year. Additionally, $21.3 billion are 364-day lines that contain a term-out feature that allows us to extend borrowings for two years from the date on which such borrowings would otherwise be due. 

 
 

 Cash and equivalents of $57.0 billion at December 31, 2013 were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries. Of this amount at December 31, 2013, $8.1 billion was indefinitely reinvested. Indefinitely reinvested cash held outside of the U.S. is available to fund operations and other growth of non-U.S. subsidiaries; it is also available to fund our needs in the U.S. on a short-term basis through short-term loans, without being subject to U.S. tax. Under the Internal Revenue Code, these loans are permitted to be outstanding for 30 days or less and the total of all such loans is required to be outstanding for less than 60 days during the year. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, $2.2 billion of GE cash and equivalents was held in countries with currency controls that may restrict the transfer of funds to the U.S. or limit our ability to transfer funds to the U.S. without incurring substantial costs. These funds are available to fund operations and growth in these countries and we do not currently anticipate a need to transfer these funds to the U.S. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, GECC cash and equivalents of about $12 billion were in regulated banks and insurance entities and were subject to regulatory restrictions. 

 
 

 If we were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested cash held outside the U.S., we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. 

   

 
 Funding Plan 

   

 We reduced our GE Capital ending net investment, excluding cash and equivalents, to $380 billion at December 31, 2013. 

 
 

 During 2013, GECC completed issuances of $33.7 billion of senior unsecured debt (excluding securitizations described below) with maturities up to 40 years (and subsequent to December 31, 2013, an additional $3.9 billion). Average commercial paper borrowings for GECC and GE during the fourth quarter were $31.6 billion and $6.8 billion, respectively, and the maximum amounts of commercial paper borrowings outstanding for GECC and GE during the fourth quarter were $33.1 billion and $9.0 billion, respectively. GECC commercial paper maturities are funded principally through new commercial paper issuances and at GE are substantially repaid before quarter-end using indefinitely reinvested overseas cash, which, as discussed above, is available for use in the U.S. on a short-term basis without being subject to U.S. tax. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (65) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 We securitize financial assets as an alternative source of funding. During 2013, we completed $8.9 billion of non-recourse issuances and had maturities of $8.9 billion. At December 31, 2013, consolidated non-recourse borrowings were $30.1 billion. 
 

 
 

 We have 10 deposit-taking banks outside of the U.S. and two deposit-taking banks in the U.S. – GE Capital Retail Bank, a Federal Savings Bank (FSB), and GE Capital Bank (formerly GE Capital Financial Inc.), an industrial bank (IB). The FSB and IB currently issue certificates of deposit (CDs) in maturity terms up to 10 years. On January 11, 2013, the FSB acquired the deposit business of MetLife Bank, N.A. This acquisition added approximately $6.4 billion in deposits and an online banking platform. 

 
 

 Total alternative funding at December 31, 2013 was $108 billion, composed mainly of $53 billion of bank deposits, $30 billion of non-recourse securitization borrowings, $9 billion of funding secured by real estate, aircraft and other collateral and $9 billion of GE Interest Plus notes. The comparable amount at December 31, 2012 was $101 billion. 

 
 

 As a matter of general practice, we routinely evaluate the economic impact of calling debt instruments where GECC has the right to exercise a call. In determining whether to call debt, we consider the economic benefit to GECC of calling debt, the effect of calling debt on GECC’s liquidity profile and other factors. In 2013, we settled $8.4 billion of callable debt, of which $4.1 billion was called in 2012. 

 
 

 Exchange rate and interest rate risks  are managed with a variety of techniques, including match funding and selective use of derivatives. We use derivatives to mitigate or eliminate certain financial and market risks because we conduct business in diverse markets around the world and local funding is not always efficient. In addition, we use derivatives to adjust the debt we are issuing to match the fixed or floating nature of the assets we are originating. We apply strict policies to manage each of these risks, including prohibitions on speculative activities. Following is an analysis of the potential effects of changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates using so-called “shock” tests that seek to model the effects of shifts in rates. Such tests are inherently limited based on the assumptions used (described further below) and should not be viewed as a forecast; actual effects would depend on many variables, including market factors and the composition of the Company’s assets and liabilities at that time. 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 It is our policy to minimize exposure to interest rate changes. We fund our financial investments using debt or a combination of debt and hedging instruments so that the interest rates of our borrowings match the expected interest rate profile on our assets. To test the effectiveness of our fixed rate positions, we assumed that, on January 1, 2014, interest rates decreased by 100 basis points across the yield curve (a “parallel shift” in that curve) and further assumed that the decrease remained in place for 2014. We estimated, based on the year-end 2013 portfolio and holding all other assumptions constant, that our 2014 consolidated net earnings would decline by less than $0.1 billion as a result of this parallel shift in the yield curve. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 It is our policy to minimize currency exposures and to conduct operations either within functional currencies or using the protection of hedge strategies. We analyzed year-end 2013 consolidated currency exposures, including derivatives designated and effective as hedges, to identify assets and liabilities denominated in other than their relevant functional currencies. For such assets and liabilities, we then evaluated the effects of a 10% shift in exchange rates between those currencies and the U.S. dollar, holding all other assumptions constant. This analysis indicated that our 2014 consolidated net earnings would decline by less than $0.1 billion as a result of such a shift in exchange rates. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
    
 

 
 (66) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 
 

 Debt and Derivative Instruments, Guarantees and Covenants 

   

 Credit Ratings 

   

 On April 3, 2012, Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) announced that it had downgraded the senior unsecured debt rating of GE by one notch from Aa2 to Aa3 and the senior unsecured debt rating of GECC by two notches from Aa2 to A1. The ratings downgrade did not affect GE’s and GECC’s short-term funding ratings of P-1, which were affirmed by Moody’s. Moody’s ratings outlook for GE and GECC is stable. We did not experience any material operational, funding or liquidity impacts from this ratings downgrade. As of December 31, 2013, GE’s and GECC’s long-term unsecured debt ratings from Standard and Poor’s Ratings Service (S&P) were AA+ with a stable outlook and their short-term funding ratings from S&P were A-1+. We are disclosing these ratings to enhance understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effects of our ratings on our costs of funds. Although we currently do not expect a downgrade in the credit ratings, our ratings may be subject to a revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

 
 

 Substantially all GICs were affected by the downgrade and are more fully discussed in the Principal Debt and Derivative Conditions section in this Item. 

 
 

 Principal Debt and Derivative Conditions 

   

 Certain of our derivative instruments can be terminated if specified credit ratings are not maintained and certain debt and derivatives agreements of other consolidated entities have provisions that are affected by these credit ratings. 

 
 

 Fair values of our derivatives can change significantly from period to period based on, among other factors, market movements and changes in our positions. We manage counterparty credit risk (the risk that counterparties will default and not make payments to us according to the terms of our standard master agreements) on an individual counterparty basis. Where we have agreed to netting of derivative exposures with a counterparty, we offset our exposures with that counterparty and apply the value of collateral posted to us to determine the net exposure. We actively monitor these net exposures against defined limits and take appropriate actions in response, including requiring additional collateral. 

 
 

 Swap, forward and option contracts are executed under standard master agreements that typically contain mutual downgrade provisions that provide the ability of the counterparty to require termination if the long-term credit ratings of the applicable GE entity were to fall below A-/A3. In certain of these master agreements, the counterparty also has the ability to require termination if the short-term ratings of the applicable GE entity were to fall below A-1/P-1. The net derivative liability after consideration of netting arrangements, outstanding interest payments and collateral posted by us under these master agreements was estimated to be $1.2 billion at December 31, 2013. See Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
   

 Other debt and derivative agreements of consolidated entities include Trinity, which comprises two entities that hold investment securities, the majority of which are investment grade, and were funded by the issuance of GICs. These GICs included conditions under which certain holders could require immediate repayment of their investment should the long-term credit ratings of GECC fall below AA-/Aa3 or the short-term credit ratings fall below A-1+/P-1, and are reported in investment contracts, insurance liabilities and insurance annuity benefits. The Trinity assets and liabilities are disclosed in note (a) on our Statement of Financial Position in the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. Another consolidated entity also had issued GICs where proceeds are loaned to GECC. These GICs included conditions under which certain holders could require immediate repayment of their investment should the long-term credit ratings of GECC fall below AA-/Aa3. These obligations are included in long-term borrowings on our Statement of Financial Position in the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. These three consolidated entities ceased issuing GICs in 2010. 
 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (67) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Following the April 3, 2012 Moody’s downgrade of GECC’s long-term credit rating to A1, substantially all of these GICs became redeemable by their holders. In 2012, holders of $2.4 billion in principal amount of GICs redeemed their holdings and GECC made related cash payments. The remaining outstanding GICs will continue to be subject to their scheduled maturities and individual terms, which may include provisions permitting redemption upon a downgrade of one or more of GECC’s ratings, among other things. 
 

   

 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges, Income Maintenance Agreement and Subordinated Debentures 

   

 GE provides implicit and explicit support to GECC through commitments, capital contributions and operating support. For example, and as discussed below, GE has committed to keep GECC’s ratio of earnings to fixed charges above a minimum level. GECC’s credit rating is higher than it would be on a stand-alone basis as a result of this financial support. GECC currently does not pay GE for this support. 

 
 

 On March 28, 1991, GE entered into an agreement with GECC to make payments to GECC, constituting additions to pre-tax income under the agreement (which increases equity), to the extent necessary to cause the ratio of earnings to fixed charges of GECC and consolidated affiliates (determined on a consolidated basis) to be not less than 1.10:1 for the period, as a single aggregation, of each GECC fiscal year commencing with fiscal year 1991. GECC’s ratio of earnings to fixed charges was 1.76:1 for 2013. No payment is required in 2013 pursuant to this agreement. 

 
 

 In addition, in connection with certain subordinated debentures of GECC that may be classified as equity (hybrid debt), during events of default or interest deferral periods under such subordinated debentures, GECC has agreed not to declare or pay any dividends or distributions or make certain other payments with respect to its capital stock, and GE has agreed to promptly return any payments made to GE in violation of this agreement. There were $7.7 billion of such debentures outstanding at December 31, 2013. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Statements of Changes in Shareowners’ Equity and Comprehensive Income 

   

 An analysis of changes in the elements of shareowners’ equity, as presented in the Statements of Changes in Shareowners’ Equity and Comprehensive Income, follows. 

 
 

 GE shareowners’ equity increased by $7.5 billion in 2013, compared with an increase of $6.6 billion in 2012 and a decrease of $2.5 billion in 2011. 

 
 

 Net earnings increased GE shareowners' equity by $13.1 billion, $13.6 billion and $14.2 billion, partially offset by dividends declared of $8.1 billion, $7.4 billion and $7.5 billion (including $0.8 billion related to our preferred stock redemption) in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Elements of AOCI increased shareowners’ equity by $11.1 billion in 2013, compared with an increase of $3.7 billion in 2012 and a decrease of $6.1 billion in 2011. The components of these changes are as follows: 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Changes in AOCI related to benefit plans increased shareowners’ equity by $11.3 billion in 2013, primarily reflecting higher discount rates used to measure postretirement benefit obligations, higher investment returns and amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs out of AOCI. This compared with an increase of $2.3 billion and a decrease of $7.0 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively. The increase in 2012 primarily reflected amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs out of AOCI, higher investment returns and changes to our principal retiree benefit plans, partially offset by lower discount rates. The decrease in 2011 primarily reflected lower discount rates and lower investment returns, partially offset by amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs out of AOCI. Further information about changes in benefit plans is provided in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
    
 

 
 (68) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Changes in AOCI related to the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges increased shareowners’ equity by $0.5 billion in 2013, primarily reflecting higher fair value of cross currency hedges, partially offset by releases from AOCI contemporaneous with the earnings effects of the related hedged items. Cash flow hedges increased shareowners’ equity by $0.5 billion and $0.1 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Further information about the fair value of derivatives is provided in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Changes in AOCI related to investment securities decreased shareowners’ equity by $0.4 billion in 2013, reflecting the effects of higher interest rates, partially offset by adjustments to reflect the effect of lower unrealized gains on insurance-related assets and equity. Investment securities increased shareowners’ equity by $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively, reflecting the effects of lower interest rates and improved market conditions on U.S. corporate debt securities, partially offset by adjustments to reflect the effect of the unrealized gains on insurance-related assets and equity. Further information about investment securities is provided in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Changes in AOCI related to currency translation adjustments decreased shareowners’ equity by $0.3 billion in 2013 and increased shareowners’ equity by $0.3 billion and $0.2 billion in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Changes in currency translation adjustments reflect the effects of changes in currency exchange rates on our net investment in non-U.S. subsidiaries that have functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. At year-end 2013, the U.S. dollar weakened against the euro and the pound sterling and strengthened against the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar resulting in increases in currency translation adjustments that were more than offset by releases from AOCI related to dispositions. At year-end 2012, the U.S. dollar weakened against most major currencies, including the pound sterling and the euro, and strengthened against the Japanese yen resulting in increases in currency translation adjustments that were partially offset by releases from AOCI related to dispositions. At year-end 2011, the dollar strengthened against most major currencies, including the pound sterling and the euro and weakened against the Australian dollar and the Japanese yen. 
 
 
 

 
 

 Noncontrolling interests included in shareowners’ equity increased $0.8 billion and $3.7 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively, principally as a result of the issuances of preferred stock by GECC. Noncontrolling interests decreased by $3.6 billion in 2011, principally as a result of dispositions. 

   

   

 Statement of Cash Flows – Overview from 2011 through 2013 

   

 Consolidated cash and equivalents were $88.6 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $11.3 billion from December 31, 2012. Cash and equivalents totaled $77.3 billion at December 31, 2012, a decrease of $7.2 billion from December 31, 2011. 

   

 
 We evaluate our cash flow performance by reviewing our industrial (non-financial services) businesses and financial services businesses separately. Cash from operating activities (CFOA) is the principal source of cash generation for our industrial businesses. The industrial businesses also have liquidity available via the public capital markets. Our financial services businesses use a variety of financial resources to meet our capital needs. Cash for financial services businesses is primarily provided from the issuance of term debt and commercial paper in the public and private markets and deposits, as well as financing receivables collections, sales and securitizations. 

   

 GE Cash Flows 

   

 GE cash and equivalents were $13.7 billion at December 31, 2013 compared with $15.5 billion at December 31, 2012. GE CFOA totaled $14.3 billion, $17.8 billion and $12.1 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. With respect to GE CFOA, we believe that it is useful to supplement our GE Statement of Cash Flows and to examine in a broader context the business activities that provide and require cash. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (69) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In billions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Operating cash collections(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  104.8  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  105.4  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  93.6  
 
 
 
 Operating cash payments 
 
   
 
  (96.5) 
 
   
   
 
  (94.0) 
 
   
   
 
  (81.5) 
 
 
 
 Cash dividends from GECC 
 
   
 
  6.0  
 
   
   
 
  6.4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GE cash from operating activities (GE CFOA)(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  14.3  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  17.8  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12.1  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 GE sells customer receivables to GECC in part to fund the growth of our industrial businesses. These transactions can result in cash generation or cash use. During any given period, GE receives cash from the sale of receivables to GECC. It also foregoes collection of cash on receivables sold. The incremental amount of cash received from sale of receivables in excess of the cash GE would have otherwise collected had those receivables not been sold, represents the cash generated or used in the period relating to this activity. The incremental cash generated in GE CFOA from selling these receivables to GECC increased GE’s CFOA by $0.1 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.2 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. See Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report for additional information about the elimination of intercompany transactions between GE and GECC. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 The most significant source of cash in GE CFOA is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from product or services sales. GE operating cash collections decreased by $0.6 billion in 2013 compared with an increase of $11.8 billion in 2012. In 2013, these changes are consistent with a decrease in collections on long-term contracts and increases in current receivables, partially offset by increased progress collections and improved segment revenues, including the impact of acquisitions, primarily at Aviation and Oil & Gas. In 2012, these changes are consistent with the changes in comparable GE segment revenues, including the impact of acquisitions, primarily at Oil & Gas and Energy Management. Analyses of segment revenues discussed in the preceding Segment Operations section provide additional information regarding our CFOA. 

 
 

 The most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and others for a wide range of material and services. GE operating cash payments increased by $2.5 billion and $12.5 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. In 2013, these changes are consistent with NBCU deal-related tax payments and payouts under our long-term incentive plan, partially offset by the non-recurrence of principal pension plan funding. In 2012, these changes are consistent with the changes in GE total costs and expenses, including the impact of acquisitions, primarily at Oil & Gas and Energy Management. 

 
 

 Dividends from GECC, including special dividends, represent the distribution of a portion of GECC retained earnings, and are distinct from cash from continuing operating activities within the financial services businesses. The amounts we show in GE CFOA are the total dividends, including special dividends from excess capital. Beginning in the second quarter of 2012, GECC restarted its dividend to GE. GECC paid quarterly dividends of $1.9 billion in both 2013 and 2012. In addition, GECC paid special dividends of $4.1 billion and $4.5 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively, to GE. There were no dividends received from GECC in 2011. 

 
 

 GE cash from investing activities was $4.8 billion for 2013 compared with cash used of $5.4 billion and $8.2 billion for 2012 and 2011, respectively. GE cash flows from investing activities increased $10.2 billion during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to proceeds of $16.7 billion from the 2013 sale of our remaining 49% common equity interest in NBCU LLC to Comcast, partially offset by the 2013 acquisitions of Avio for $4.4 billion and Lufkin for $3.3 billion. 

   

 
 GE cash used for investing activities decreased by $2.8 billion during 2012 compared with 2011 primarily due to decreased business acquisition activity of $9.7 billion driven by 2011 acquisitions of Converteam, the Well Support division of John Wood Group PLC, Dresser, Inc., Wellstream PLC and Lineage Power Holdings, Inc. This was offset by decreased business disposition activity of $5.7 billion driven by cash received in 2011 related to the formation of NBCU LLC ($6.2 billion) and an increase in additions to property, plant and equipment of $1.0 billion in 2012. 

 
 

 GE cash used for financing activities was $20.9 billion, $5.3 billion and $14.6 billion for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Cash used for financing activities increased $15.6 billion compared with 2012, primarily as a result of our 2013 repayment of $5.0 billion of GE unsecured notes compared with an issuance of $7.0 billion of notes in 2012. Additionally, increases in cash used in 2013 were a result of increased repurchases of GE shares for treasury in accordance with our share repurchase program of $5.2 billion and increased dividends paid to shareowners of $0.6 billion in 2013. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (70) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 GE cash used for financing activities decreased $9.3 billion compared with 2011 primarily due to an issuance of $7.0 billion of notes in 2012 and non-recurrence of two transactions from 2011. In 2011, prior to the formation of NBCU LLC, GE purchased the remaining shares of Vivendi S.A.’s 12.3% interest in NBC Universal for $3.9 billion. Additionally, GE redeemed preferred shares from Berkshire Hathaway Inc. at a redemption price of $3.3 billion. The impacts of these 2011 transactions were offset by increased repurchases of GE shares for treasury in accordance with our share repurchase program of $2.9 billion and increased dividends paid to shareowners of $0.7 billion in 2012. 
 

 
 

 GECC Cash Flows 

   

 GECC cash from operating activities totaled $19.9 billion, $21.7 billion and $20.6 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Cash from operating activities decreased $1.9 billion during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to decreases in net cash collateral held from counterparties on derivative contracts of $5.2 billion, partially offset by increases in other liabilities of $1.8 billion and accounts payable of $1.0 billion. 

 
 

 Cash from operating activities increased $1.1 billion during 2012 compared with 2011, primarily due to increases in net cash collateral held from counterparties on derivative contracts of $1.7 billion, partially offset by decreases in accounts payable of $0.9 billion. 

 
 

 Consistent with our plan to reduce GECC asset levels, cash from investing activities was $23.4 billion, $14.7 billion and $29.8 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. GECC cash from investing activities increased $8.7 billion during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to higher proceeds from sales of real estate properties of $7.3 billion; the acquisition of MetLife Bank, N.A. in 2013, resulting in net cash provided from the acquisition of $6.4 billion; lower net purchases of ELTO of $1.6 billion; partially offset by lower net loan repayments from our equity method investments of $4.9 billion and lower collections (which includes sales) exceeding originations of financing receivables of $1.9 billion. 

 
 

 GECC cash from investing activities decreased $15.1 billion during 2012 compared with 2011, primarily due to lower collections (which includes sales) exceeding originations of financing receivables of $9.0 billion, lower proceeds from sales of discontinued operations of $8.7 billion and higher net purchases of ELTO of $1.7 billion. These decreases were partially offset by higher net dispositions and maturities of investment securities of $2.6 billion and a decrease in all other assets–investments of $1.7 billion driven by net activity of our equity method investments. 

 
 

 GECC cash used for financing activities was $29.4 billion, $52.5 billion and $33.2 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. GECC cash used for financing activities decreased $23.0 billion during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to lower net repayments of borrowings of $24.0 billion, consisting primarily of net reductions in long-term borrowings and commercial paper, and lower redemptions of guaranteed investment contracts of $2.3 billion, partially offset by lower proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock of $3.0 billion. 

   

 GECC cash used for financing activities increased $19.3 billion during 2012 compared with 2011, primarily due to a reduction in total borrowings of $11.7 billion, consisting primarily of net reductions in long-term borrowings and commercial paper; $6.5 billion of dividends paid to shareowners in 2012 (including $0.1 billion paid to preferred shareowners); a reduction in bank deposits of $4.2 billion and $1.0 billion of redemptions of guaranteed investment contracts at Trinity, partially offset by $4.0 billion of proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock.  

   

 GECC pays dividends to GE through a distribution of its retained earnings, including special dividends from proceeds of certain business sales. Beginning in the second quarter of 2012, GECC restarted its dividend to GE. During 2013 and 2012, GECC paid quarterly dividends of $1.9 billion in both years and special dividends of $4.1 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, to GE. No dividends were paid to GE in 2011. 

     
 

 
 
 
    
 

 
 (71) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 
 

   

 Intercompany Eliminations 

   

 Effects of transactions between related companies are made on an arms-length basis, are eliminated and consist primarily of GECC dividends to GE; GE customer receivables sold to GECC; GECC services for trade receivables management and material procurement; buildings and equipment (including automobiles) leased between GE and GECC; information technology (IT) and other services sold to GECC by GE; aircraft engines manufactured by GE that are installed on aircraft purchased by GECC from third-party producers for lease to others; and various investments, loans and allocations of GE corporate overhead costs. For further information related to intercompany eliminations, see Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Contractual Obligations 

   

 As defined by reporting regulations, our contractual obligations for future payments as of December 31, 2013, follow. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Payments due by period 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 2019 and 
 
 
 
 (In billions) 
 
   
 
 Total 
 
   
   
 
 2014  
 
   
   
 
 2015-2016 
 
   
   
 
 2017-2018 
 
   
   
 
 thereafter 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Borrowings and bank 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     deposits (Note 10) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  383.0  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  116.7  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  103.4  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  59.4  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  103.5  
 
 
 
 Interest on borrowings and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     bank deposits 
 
   
 
  91.4  
 
   
   
 
  9.6  
 
   
   
 
  14.0  
 
   
   
 
  10.7  
 
   
   
 
  57.1  
 
 
 
 Purchase obligations(a)(b) 
 
   
 
  67.5  
 
   
   
 
  34.2  
 
   
   
 
  10.0  
 
   
   
 
  9.9  
 
   
   
 
  13.4  
 
 
 
 Insurance liabilities (Note 11)(c) 
 
   
 
  13.5  
 
   
   
 
  1.8  
 
   
   
 
  2.1  
 
   
   
 
  1.7  
 
   
   
 
  7.9  
 
 
 
 Operating lease obligations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     (Note 19) 
 
   
 
  4.3  
 
   
   
 
  0.9  
 
   
   
 
  1.4  
 
   
   
 
  1.0  
 
   
   
 
  1.0  
 
 
 
 Other liabilities(d) 
 
   
 
  86.7  
 
   
   
 
  22.1  
 
   
   
 
  9.7  
 
   
   
 
  6.4  
 
   
   
 
  48.5  
 
 
 
 Contractual obligations of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     discontinued operations(e) 
 
   
 
  3.3  
 
   
   
 
  3.3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included all take-or-pay arrangements, capital expenditures, contractual commitments to purchase equipment that will be leased to others, contractual commitments related to factoring agreements, software acquisition/license commitments, contractual minimum programming commitments and any contractually required cash payments for acquisitions. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Excluded funding commitments entered into in the ordinary course of business by our financial services businesses. Further information on these commitments and other guarantees is provided in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included contracts with reasonably determinable cash flows such as structured settlements, guaranteed investment contracts, and certain property and casualty contracts, and excluded long-term care, variable annuity and other life insurance contracts. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Included an estimate of future expected funding requirements related to our pension and postretirement benefit plans and included liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. Because their future cash outflows are uncertain, the following non-current liabilities are excluded from the table above: deferred taxes, derivatives, deferred revenue and other sundry items. For further information on certain of these items, see Notes 14 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Included payments for other liabilities. 
 
 
 

   

   

 Variable Interest Entities 

   

 We securitize financial assets and arrange other forms of asset-backed financing in the ordinary course of business as an alternative source of funding. The securitization transactions we engage in are similar to those used by many financial institutions. 

 
 

 The assets we currently securitize include: receivables secured by equipment, credit card receivables, floorplan inventory receivables, GE trade receivables and other assets originated and underwritten by us in the ordinary course of business. The securitizations are funded with variable funding notes and term debt. 

 
 

 Substantially all of our securitization VIEs are consolidated because we are considered to be the primary beneficiary of the entity. Our interests in other VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary are accounted for as investment securities, financing receivables or equity method investments depending on the nature of our involvement. 

 
 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (72) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, consolidated variable interest entity assets and liabilities were $49.3 billion and $32.5 billion, respectively, an increase of $0.9 billion and a decrease of $0.4 billion from 2012. Assets held by these entities are of equivalent credit quality to our other assets. We monitor the underlying credit quality in accordance with our role as servicer and apply rigorous controls to the execution of securitization transactions. With the exception of credit and liquidity support discussed below, investors in these entities have recourse only to the underlying assets. 
 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, investments in unconsolidated VIEs, were $12.5 billion, a decrease of $0.2 billion from 2012, primarily related to a decrease of $2.0 billion in PTL, partially offset by an increase of $1.9 billion in an investment in asset-backed securities issued by a senior secured loan fund. In the first quarter of 2013, PTL had repaid all outstanding debt owed and terminated its borrowing arrangement with GECC. During the second quarter of 2013, PTL ceased to be a VIE as a result of a principal in PTL retiring from the GE Board. Therefore, our investment in PTL ($899 million at December 31, 2013) is not reported in the December 31, 2013 balance. In addition to our existing investments, we have contractual obligations to fund additional investments in the unconsolidated VIEs to fund new asset origination. At December 31, 2013, these contractual obligations were $2.8 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion from 2012. 

 
 

 We do not have implicit support arrangements with any VIE. We did not provide non-contractual support for previously transferred financing receivables to any VIE in either 2013 or 2012. 

 
 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 

   

 Accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. Many of these estimates include determining fair value. All of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates future, economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. If these conditions change from those expected, it is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described below could change, which may result in future impairments of investment securities, goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, incremental losses on financing receivables, increases in reserves for contingencies, establishment of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and increased tax liabilities, among other effects. Also see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report, which discusses the significant accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives. 

   

 
 Losses on financing receivables  are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. The method for calculating the best estimate of losses depends on the size, type and risk characteristics of the related financing receivable. Such an estimate requires consideration of historical loss experience, adjusted for current conditions, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates, financial health of specific customers and market sectors, collateral values (including housing price indices as applicable), and the present and expected future levels of interest rates. The underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to provide for losses are updated periodically to reflect our view of current conditions and are subject to the regulatory examination process, which can result in changes to our assumptions. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the allowance and provision for losses. It is possible that we will experience credit losses that are different from our current estimates. Write-offs in both our consumer and commercial portfolios can also reflect both losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of a fiscal year and information becoming available during that fiscal year that may identify further deterioration on exposures existing prior to the beginning of that fiscal year, and for which reserves could not have been previously recognized. Our risk management process includes standards and policies for reviewing major risk exposures and concentrations, and evaluates relevant data either for individual loans or financing leases, or on a portfolio basis, as appropriate. 

 
 

 Further information is provided in the Global Risk Management section and Financial Resources and Liquidity – Financing Receivables section of this Item, the Asset impairment section that follows and in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (73) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Revenue recognition on long-term product services agreements  requires estimates of profits over the multiple-year terms of such agreements, considering factors such as the frequency and extent of future monitoring, maintenance and overhaul events; the amount of personnel, spare parts and other resources required to perform the services; and future billing rate and cost changes. We routinely review estimates under product services agreements and regularly revise them to adjust for changes in outlook. We also regularly assess customer credit risk inherent in the carrying amounts of receivables and contract costs and estimated earnings, including the risk that contractual penalties may not be sufficient to offset our accumulated investment in the event of customer termination. We gain insight into future utilization and cost trends, as well as credit risk, through our knowledge of the installed base of equipment and the close interaction with our customers that comes with supplying critical services and parts over extended periods. Revisions that affect a product services agreement’s total estimated profitability result in an adjustment of earnings; such adjustments increased earnings by $0.3 billion, $0.4 billion and $0.4 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We provide for probable losses when they become evident. 
 

 
 

 Further information is provided in Notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Asset impairment  assessment involves various estimates and assumptions as follows: 

 
 

 Investments.  We regularly review investment securities for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. For debt securities, if we do not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost, we evaluate other qualitative criteria to determine whether a credit loss exists, such as the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer is in compliance with the terms and covenants of the security. Quantitative criteria include determining whether there has been an adverse change in expected future cash flows. For equity securities, our criteria include the length of time and magnitude of the amount that each security is in an unrealized loss position. Our other-than-temporary impairment reviews involve our finance, risk and asset management functions as well as the portfolio management and research capabilities of our internal and third-party asset managers. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report, which discusses the determination of fair value of investment securities. 

   

 
 Further information about actual and potential impairment losses is provided in the Financial Resources and Liquidity – Investment Securities section of this Item and in Notes 1, 3 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Long-Lived Assets.  We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether an impairment has occurred typically requires various estimates and assumptions, including determining which undiscounted cash flows are directly related to the potentially impaired asset, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, their amount, and the asset’s residual value, if any. In turn, measurement of an impairment loss requires a determination of fair value, which is based on the best information available. We derive the required undiscounted cash flow estimates from our historical experience and our internal business plans. To determine fair value, we use quoted market prices when available, our internal cash flow estimates discounted at an appropriate interest rate and independent appraisals, as appropriate. 
 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (74) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Our operating lease portfolio of commercial aircraft is a significant concentration of assets in GE Capital, and is particularly subject to market fluctuations. Therefore, we test recoverability of each aircraft in our operating lease portfolio at least annually. Additionally, we perform quarterly evaluations in circumstances such as when aircraft are re-leased, current lease terms have changed or a specific lessee’s credit standing changes. We consider market conditions, such as global demand for commercial aircraft. Estimates of future rentals and residual values are based on historical experience and information received routinely from independent appraisers. Estimated cash flows from future leases are reduced for expected downtime between leases and for estimated technical costs required to prepare aircraft to be redeployed. Fair value used to measure impairment is based on management's best estimate. In determining its best estimate, management evaluates average current market values (obtained from third parties) of similar type and age aircraft, which are adjusted for the attributes of the specific aircraft under lease. 

 
 

 We recognized impairment losses on our operating lease portfolio of commercial aircraft of $0.7 billion and $0.2 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Impairment losses in 2013 incorporated management’s downward revisions to cash flow estimates based upon shorter useful lives and lower aircraft residual values from those indicated by our third-party appraisers, reflecting the introduction of newer technology, fleet retirements and high fuel prices and operating costs. These revised estimates primarily related to cargo aircraft ($0.3 billion), older technology narrow-body aircraft ($0.2 billion) and regional jets ($0.1 billion). The average age of aircrafts we impaired in 2013 was 15 years compared with 7 years for our total fleet. Provisions for losses on financing receivables related to commercial aircraft were an insignificant amount for both 2013 and 2012. 

 
 

 Further information on impairment losses and our exposure to the commercial aviation industry is provided in the Operations – Overview of Our Earnings from 2011 through 2013 and the Financial Resources and Liquidity – Property, plant and equipment sections of this Item and in Notes 7 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 Real Estate.  We review the estimated value of our commercial real estate investments annually, or more frequently as conditions warrant. The cash flow estimates used for both estimating value and the recoverability analysis are inherently judgmental, and reflect current and projected lease profiles, available industry information about expected trends in rental, occupancy and capitalization rates and expected business plans, which include our estimated holding period for the asset. Our portfolio is diversified, both geographically and by asset type. However, the global real estate market is subject to periodic cycles that can cause significant fluctuations in market values. Based on the most recent valuation estimates available, the carrying value of our Real Estate investments exceeded their estimated value by about $2.1 billion. This amount is subject to variation dependent on the assumptions described above, changes in economic and market conditions and composition of our portfolio, including sales. Commercial real estate valuations have shown signs of improved stability and liquidity in certain markets, primarily in the U.S.; however, the pace of improvement varies significantly by asset class and market. Accordingly, there continues to be risk and uncertainty surrounding commercial real estate values. Declines in the estimated value of real estate below carrying amount result in impairment losses when the aggregate undiscounted cash flow estimates used in the estimated value measurement are below the carrying amount. As such, estimated losses in the portfolio will not necessarily result in recognized impairment losses. When we recognize an impairment, the impairment is measured using the estimated fair value of the underlying asset, which is based upon cash flow estimates that reflect current and projected lease profiles and available industry information about capitalization rates and expected trends in rents and occupancy and is corroborated by external appraisals. During 2013, Real Estate recognized pre-tax impairments of $0.3 billion in its real estate held for investment, as compared to $0.1 billion in 2012. Deterioration in economic conditions or prolonged market illiquidity may result in further impairments being recognized. Furthermore, significant judgment and uncertainty related to forecasted valuation trends, especially in illiquid markets, result in inherent imprecision in real estate value estimates. Further information is provided in the Global Risk Management and the All other assets sections of this Item and in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
   

 
 
    
 

 
 (75) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Goodwill and Other Identified Intangible Assets.  We test goodwill for impairment annually in the third quarter of each year using data as of July 1 of that year. The impairment test consists of two steps: in step one, the carrying value of the reporting unit is compared with its fair value; in step two, which is applied when the carrying value is more than its fair value, the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, is derived by deducting the fair value of the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities from the fair value of its equity, and comparing that amount with the carrying amount of goodwill. We determined fair values for each of the reporting units using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately. 
 

 
 

 Valuations using the market approach are derived from metrics of publicly traded companies or historically completed transactions of comparable businesses. The selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units operate giving consideration to risk profiles, size, geography, and diversity of products and services. A market approach is limited to reporting units for which there are publicly traded companies that have the characteristics similar to our businesses. 

 
 

 Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each business. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the cost of equity financing. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. Discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from 8.0% to 16.5%. 

 
 

 Estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of estimates and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including actual operating results. It is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described above could change in future periods.  

   

 We review identified intangible assets with defined useful lives and subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires comparing the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. We test intangible assets with indefinite lives annually for impairment using a fair value method such as discounted cash flows. For our insurance activities remaining in continuing operations, we periodically test for impairment our deferred acquisition costs and present value of future profits. 

 
 

 Further information is provided in the Financial Resources and Liquidity – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets section of this Item and in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Pension assumptions  are significant inputs to the actuarial models that measure pension benefit obligations and related effects on operations. Two assumptions – discount rate and expected return on assets – are important elements of plan expense and asset/liability measurement. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. We periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. Actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. 

 
 

 Accumulated and projected benefit obligations are measured as the present value of expected payments. We discount those cash payments using the weighted average of market-observed yields for high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits. Lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent-year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent-year pension expense. 

 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (76) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Our discount rates for principal pension plans at December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were 4.85%, 3.96% and 4.21%, respectively, reflecting market interest rates. 

 
 

 To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider current and target asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. In developing future long-term return expectations for our principal benefit plans’ assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the U.S. and abroad. We evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. We also take into account expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall portfolio results given current and target allocations. Assets in our principal pension plans earned 14.6% in 2013, and had average annual returns of 6.5%, 5.9% and 8.9% per year in the 10-, 15- and 25-year periods ended December 31, 2013, respectively. These average historical returns were significantly affected by investment losses in 2008. Based on our analysis of future expectations of asset performance, past return results, and our current and target asset allocations, we have assumed a 7.5% long-term expected return on those assets for cost recognition in 2014. This is a reduction from the 8.0% we assumed in 2013, 2012 and 2011. 

 
 

 Changes in key assumptions for our principal pension plans would have the following effects. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Discount rate – A 25 basis point increase in discount rate would decrease pension cost in the following year by $0.2 billion and would decrease the pension benefit obligation at year-end by about $1.7 billion. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Expected return on assets – A 50 basis point decrease in the expected return on assets would increase pension cost in the following year by $0.2 billion. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

   

 Further information on our pension plans is provided in the Operations – Overview section of this Item and in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K R eport.  

   

 Income Taxes . Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Our income tax rate is significantly affected by the tax rate on our global operations. In addition to local country tax laws and regulations, this rate depends on the extent earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. Indefinite reinvestment is determined by management’s judgment about and intentions concerning the future operations of the Company. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately $110 billion and $108 billion of earnings, respectively, have been indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. Most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations, and we do not intend to repatriate these earnings to fund U.S. operations. Because of the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits, it is not practicable to determine the U.S. federal income tax liability that would be payable if such earnings were not reinvested indefinitely. 

 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (77) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates. We use our historical experience and our short- and long-range business forecasts to provide insight. Further, our global and diversified business portfolio gives us the opportunity to employ various prudent and feasible tax planning strategies to facilitate the recoverability of future deductions. Amounts recorded for deferred tax assets related to non-U.S. net operating losses, net of valuation allowances, were $5.5 billion and $4.8 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, including $0.8 billion at both December 31, 2013 and 2012 of deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, associated with losses reported in discontinued operations, primarily related to our loss on the sale of GE Money Japan. Such year-end 2013 amounts are expected to be fully recoverable within the applicable statutory expiration periods. To the extent we do not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established. 

 
 

 Further information on income taxes is provided in the Operations – Overview section of this Item and in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Derivatives and Hedging.  We use derivatives to manage a variety of risks, including risks related to interest rates, foreign exchange and commodity prices. Accounting for derivatives as hedges requires that, at inception and over the term of the arrangement, the hedged item and related derivative meet the requirements for hedge accounting. The rules and interpretations related to derivatives accounting are complex. Failure to apply this complex guidance correctly will result in all changes in the fair value of the derivative being reported in earnings, without regard to the offsetting changes in the fair value of the hedged item. 

 
 

 In evaluating whether a particular relationship qualifies for hedge accounting, we test effectiveness at inception and each reporting period thereafter by determining whether changes in the fair value of the derivative offset, within a specified range, changes in the fair value of the hedged item. If fair value changes fail this test, we discontinue applying hedge accounting to that relationship prospectively. Fair values of both the derivative instrument and the hedged item are calculated using internal valuation models incorporating market-based assumptions, subject to third-party confirmation, as applicable. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, derivative assets and liabilities were $1.0 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. Further information about our use of derivatives is provided in Notes 1, 9, 21 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report.  

   

 Fair Value Measurements.  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value every reporting period include investments in debt and equity securities and derivatives. Assets that are not measured at fair value every reporting period but that are subject to fair value measurements in certain circumstances include loans and long-lived assets that have been reduced to fair value when they are held for sale, impaired loans that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, cost and equity method investments and long-lived assets that are written down to fair value when they are impaired and the remeasurement of retained investments in formerly consolidated subsidiaries upon a change in control that results in deconsolidation of a subsidiary, if we sell a controlling interest and retain a noncontrolling stake in the entity. Assets that are written down to fair value when impaired and retained investments are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. 

 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (78) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 A fair value measurement is determined as the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. The determination of fair value often involves significant judgments about assumptions such as determining an appropriate discount rate that factors in both risk and liquidity premiums, identifying the similarities and differences in market transactions, weighting those differences accordingly and then making the appropriate adjustments to those market transactions to reflect the risks specific to our asset being valued. Further information on fair value measurements is provided in Notes 1, 21 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

 Other loss contingencies  are uncertain and unresolved matters that arise in the ordinary course of business and result from events or actions by others that have the potential to result in a future loss. Such contingencies include, but are not limited to environmental obligations, litigation, regulatory proceedings, product quality and losses resulting from other events and developments. 

 
 

 When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low-end of such range. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure is provided. 

 
 

 Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We regularly review all contingencies to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimates. 

 
 

 Further information is provided in Notes 2, 13 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (79) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Other Information 

   

 New Accounting Standards 

   

 In March 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2013-05,  Foreign Currency Matters  (Topic 830):  Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity . The ASU resolves conflicting guidance between Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Subtopics 810-10, Consolidation, and 830-30, Foreign Currency Matters – Translation of Financial Statements, on whether accumulated currency translation adjustments should be released to earnings in certain circumstances. Under the revised guidance, the entire amount of the cumulative translation adjustment associated with the foreign entity will be released into earnings in the following circumstances: (a) the sale of a subsidiary or group of net assets within a foreign entity that represents a complete or substantially complete liquidation of that entity, (b) the loss of a controlling financial interest in an investment in a foreign entity, or (c) when the accounting for an investment in a foreign entity changes from the equity method to full consolidation. The ASU does not change the requirement to release a pro rata portion of the cumulative translation adjustment of the foreign entity into earnings for a partial sale of an equity method investment in a foreign entity. The revised guidance applies prospectively to transactions or events occurring in fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2013. 

 
 

 Research and Development 

   

 GE-funded research and development expenditures were $4.7 billion, $4.5 billion and $4.6 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In addition, research and development funding from customers, principally the U.S. government, totaled $0.7 billion, $0.7 billion and $0.8 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Aviation accounts for the largest share of GE’s research and development expenditures with funding from both GE and external funds. Power & Water and Healthcare also made significant expenditures funded primarily by GE. 

 
 

 Orders and Backlog 

   

 GE infrastructure equipment orders increased 14% to $60.6 billion and services orders increased 1% to $43.8 billion at December 31, 2013. Total GE infrastructure backlog increased 16% to $244.1 billion at December 31, 2013, composed of equipment backlog of $63.9 billion and services backlog of $180.2 billion. Orders constituting backlog may be cancelled or deferred by customers, subject in certain cases to penalties. See the Segment Operations section of this Item for further information. 

 
 

 Supplemental Information 

 
 

   

 Financial Measures that Supplement Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 

   

 We sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial information but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP financial measures” under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules. Specifically, we have referred, in various sections of this Form 10-K Report, to: 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Industrial cash flows from operating activities (Industrial CFOA) and GE CFOA excluding the effects of NBCU deal-related taxes 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Operating earnings, operating EPS, operating EPS excluding the effects of the 2011 preferred stock redemption and Industrial operating earnings 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Operating and non-operating pension costs 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Average GE shareowners’ equity, excluding effects of discontinued operations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Ratio of adjusted debt to equity at GECC, net of adjusted cash and equivalents and with classification of hybrid debt as equity 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (80) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 GE Capital ending net investment (ENI), excluding cash and equivalents 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 GE pre-tax earnings from continuing operations, excluding GECC earnings from continuing operations, the corresponding effective tax rates and the reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to GE effective tax rate, excluding GECC earnings 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
 

   

 The reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures follow. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Industrial Cash Flows from Operating Activities (Industrial CFOA) and GE CFOA Excluding the Effects of NBCU Deal-Related Taxes 

   
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2009  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash from GE's operating 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     activities, as reported 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,255  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 17,826  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,746  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,405  
 
 
 
 Less dividends from GECC 
 
   
 
  5,985  
 
   
   
 
 6,426  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Cash from GE's operating 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     activities, excluding dividends 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     from GECC (Industrial CFOA) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,270  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,400  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,746  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,405  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash from GE's operating 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     activities, as reported 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,255   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Adjustment: effects of NBCU 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    deal-related taxes 
 
   
 
 3,184   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE CFOA excluding effects of NBCU 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    deal-related taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 17,439   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 We refer to cash generated by our industrial businesses as "Industrial CFOA," which we define as GE’s cash from continuing operating activities less the amount of dividends received by GE from GECC. This includes the effects of intercompany transactions, including GE customer receivables sold to GECC; GECC services for trade receivables management and material procurement; buildings and equipment (including automobiles) leased between GE and GECC; information technology (IT) and other services sold to GECC by GE; aircraft engines manufactured by GE that are installed on aircraft purchased by GECC from third-party producers for lease to others; and various investments, loans and allocations of GE corporate overhead costs. We believe that investors may find it useful to compare GE’s operating cash flows without the effect of GECC dividends, since these dividends are not representative of the operating cash flows of our industrial businesses and can vary from period-to-period based upon the results of the financial services businesses. We also believe that investors may find it useful to compare Industrial CFOA excluding the effects of taxes paid related to the NBCU transaction. Management recognizes that these measures may not be comparable to cash flow results of companies that contain both industrial and financial services businesses, but believes that this comparison is aided by the provision of additional information about the amounts of dividends paid by our financial services business and the separate presentation in our financial statements of the Financial Services (GECC) cash flows. We believe that our measures of Industrial CFOA and CFOA excluding NBCU deal-related taxes provide management and investors with useful measures to compare the capacity of our industrial operations to generate operating cash flows with the operating cash flows of other non-financial businesses and companies and as such provide useful measures to supplement the reported GAAP CFOA measure. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (81) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Operating Earnings, Operating EPS and Operating EPS Excluding the Effects of the  2011 Preferred Stock Redemption 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions; except earnings per share) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
 
 2009  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations attributable to GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,177  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,624  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,122  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,577  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,993  
 
 
 
 Adjustment (net of tax): non-operating pension costs (income) 
 
   
 
  1,705  
 
   
   
 
 1,386  
 
   
   
 
 688  
 
   
   
 
 (204) 
 
   
   
 
 (967) 
 
 
 
 Operating earnings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  16,882  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,010  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,810  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,373  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,026  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings per share – diluted(a) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Continuing earnings per share 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.47  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.38  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.23  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.15  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.00  
 
 
 
 Adjustment (net of tax): non-operating pension costs (income) 
 
   
 
 0.16  
 
   
   
 
 0.13  
 
   
   
 
 0.06  
 
   
   
 
 (0.02)  
 
   
   
 
 (0.09)  
 
 
 
 Operating earnings per share 
 
   
 
 1.64  
 
   
   
 
 1.51  
 
   
   
 
 1.30  
 
   
   
 
 1.13  
 
   
   
 
 0.91  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Less: Effects of the 2011 preferred stock redemption 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 0.08  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Operating EPS excluding the effects of the 2011 preferred stock 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    redemption 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.64  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.51  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.37  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.13  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 0.91  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Earnings-per-share amounts are computed independently. As a result, the sum of per-share amounts may not equal the total. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Industrial Operating Earnings 

   
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations attributable to GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,177  
 
 
 
 Adjustments (net of tax): non-operating pension costs (income) 
 
   
 
  1,705  
 
 
 
 Operating earnings 
 
   
 
  16,882  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Less GECC earnings from continuing 
 
   
   
 
 
    operations attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  8,258  
 
 
 
 Less effect of GECC preferred stock dividends 
 
   
 
  (298) 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Operating earnings excluding GECC earnings 
 
   
   
 
 
     from continuing operations and the effect of GECC preferred stock dividends 
 
   
   
 
 
     (Industrial operating earnings) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,922  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Industrial operating earnings as a percentage of 
 
   
   
 
 
    operating earnings 
 
   
 
 53% 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Operating earnings excludes non-service-related pension costs of our principal pension plans comprising interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization of actuarial gains/losses. The service cost and prior service cost components of our principal pension plans are included in operating earnings. We believe that these components of pension cost better reflect the ongoing service-related costs of providing pension benefits to our employees. As such, we believe that our measure of operating earnings provides management and investors with a useful measure of the operational results of our business. Other components of GAAP pension cost are mainly driven by capital allocation decisions and market performance, and we manage these separately from the operational performance of our businesses. Neither GAAP nor operating pension costs are necessarily indicative of the current or future cash flow requirements related to our pension plan. We also believe that this measure, considered along with the corresponding GAAP measure, provides management and investors with additional information for comparison of our operating results to the operating results of other companies. We believe that presenting operating earnings separately for our industrial businesses also provides management and investors with useful information about the relative size of our industrial and financial services businesses in relation to the total company. We also believe that operating EPS excluding the effects of the $0.8 billion preferred dividend related to the redemption of our preferred stock (calculated as the difference between the carrying value and the redemption value of the preferred stock) is a meaningful measure because it increases the comparability of period-to-period results. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (82) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Operating and Non-Operating Pension Costs 

   
 
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Service cost for benefits earned 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,535  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,387  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,195  
 
 
 
 Prior service cost amortization 
 
   
 
  246  
 
   
   
 
 279  
 
   
   
 
 194  
 
 
 
 Operating pension costs 
 
   
 
  1,781  
 
   
   
 
 1,666  
 
   
   
 
 1,389  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 
   
 
  (3,500) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,768) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,940) 
 
 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  2,460  
 
   
   
 
 2,479  
 
   
   
 
 2,662  
 
 
 
 Net actuarial loss amortization 
 
   
 
  3,664  
 
   
   
 
 3,421  
 
   
   
 
 2,335  
 
 
 
 Non-operating pension costs 
 
   
 
  2,624  
 
   
   
 
 2,132  
 
   
   
 
 1,057  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total principal pension plans costs 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,405  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,798  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,446  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 We have provided the operating and non-operating components of cost for our principal pension plans. Operating pension costs comprise the service cost of benefits earned and prior service cost amortization for our principal pension plans. Non-operating pension costs comprise the expected return on plan assets, interest cost on benefit obligations and net actuarial loss amortization for our principal pension plans. We believe that the operating components of pension costs better reflect the ongoing service-related costs of providing pension benefits to our employees. We believe that the operating and non-operating components of cost for our principal pension plans, considered along with the corresponding GAAP measure, provide management and investors with additional information for comparison of our pension plan costs and operating results with the pension plan costs and operating results of other companies. 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Average GE Shareowners' Equity, Excluding Effects of Discontinued Operations(a) 

   
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2009  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Average GE shareowners’ 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     equity(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  124,501  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 120,411  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 122,289  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 116,179  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 110,535  
 
 
 
 Less the effects of the 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     average net investment in 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  (167) 
 
   
   
 
 (478) 
 
   
   
 
 4,924  
 
   
   
 
 13,819  
 
   
   
 
 17,432  
 
 
 
 Average GE shareowners’ 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     equity, excluding effects of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     discontinued operations(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  124,668  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 120,889  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 117,365  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 102,360  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 93,103  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 (a)        Used for computing return on average GE shareowners’ equity and return on average total capital invested (ROTC). 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 On an annual basis, calculated using a five-point average. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Our ROTC calculation excludes earnings (losses) of discontinued operations from the numerator because U.S. GAAP requires us to display those earnings (losses) in the Statement of Earnings. Our calculation of average GE shareowners’ equity may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We believe that it is a clearer way to measure the ongoing trend in return on total capital for the continuing operations of our businesses given the extent that discontinued operations have affected our reported results. We believe that this results in a more relevant measure for management and investors to evaluate performance of our continuing operations, on a consistent basis, and to evaluate and compare the performance of our continuing operations with the ongoing operations of other businesses and companies. 

 
 

 Definitions indicating how the above-named ratios are calculated using average GE shareowners’ equity, excluding effects of discontinued operations, can be found in the Glossary. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (83) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Ratio of Adjusted Debt to Equity at GECC, Net of Adjusted Cash and Equivalents and with Classification  of Hybrid Debt as Equity 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2009  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC debt 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  371,062  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 397,039  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 442,830  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 470,363  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 493,224  
 
 
 
     Add debt of businesses held for sale 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       and discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  316  
 
   
   
 
 403  
 
   
   
 
 527  
 
   
   
 
 575  
 
   
   
 
 7,136  
 
 
 
 Adjusted GECC debt 
 
   
 
  371,378  
 
   
   
 
 397,442  
 
   
   
 
 443,357  
 
   
   
 
 470,938  
 
   
   
 
 500,360  
 
 
 
     Less cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  74,873  
 
   
   
 
 61,853  
 
   
   
 
 76,641  
 
   
   
 
 60,231  
 
   
   
 
 62,565  
 
 
 
     Less cash of businesses held for sale 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       and discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  236  
 
   
   
 
 265  
 
   
   
 
 332  
 
   
   
 
 222  
 
   
   
 
 1,975  
 
 
 
     Less hybrid debt 
 
   
 
  7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  288,544  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 327,599  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 358,659  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 402,760  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 428,095  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC equity 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  82,694  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 81,890  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 77,110  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 68,984  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 70,833  
 
 
 
     Plus hybrid debt 
 
   
 
  7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
   
   
 
 7,725  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  90,419  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 89,615  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 84,835  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 76,709  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 78,558  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Ratio 
 
   
 
 3.19:1 
 
   
   
 
 3.66:1 
 
   
   
 
 4.23:1 
 
   
   
 
 5.25:1 
 
   
   
 
 5.45:1 
 
 
 

 
 

 We have provided the GECC ratio of debt to equity on a basis that reflects the use of cash and equivalents as a reduction of debt, and long-term debt due in 2066 and 2067 classified as equity. For purposes of this ratio, we have also adjusted cash and debt balances to include amounts classified as assets and liabilities of businesses held for sale and discontinued operations. We believe that this is a useful comparison to a GAAP-based ratio of debt to equity because cash balances may be used to reduce debt and because this long-term debt has equity-like characteristics. The usefulness of this supplemental measure may be limited, however, as the total amount of cash and equivalents at any point in time may be different than the amount that could practically be applied to reduce outstanding debt, and it may not be advantageous or practical to replace certain long-term debt with equity. Despite these potential limitations, we believe that this measure, considered along with the corresponding GAAP measure, provides investors with additional information that may be more comparable to other financial institutions and businesses. 

   

 
 
 
 
 GE Capital Ending Net Investment (ENI), Excluding Cash and Equivalents 
 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In billions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Financial Services (GECC) total assets 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 512.0  
 
 
 
 Adjustment: deferred income taxes 
 
   
 
 4.8  
 
 
 
 GECC total assets 
 
   
 
 516.8  
 
 
 
     Less assets of discontinued operations 
 
   
 
 2.3  
 
 
 
     Less non-interest-bearing liabilities 
 
   
 
 59.3  
 
 
 
 GE Capital ENI 
 
   
 
 455.2  
 
 
 
     Less cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
 74.9  
 
 
 
 GE Capital ENI, excluding cash and equivalents 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 380.3  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 We use ENI to measure the size of our GE Capital segment. We believe that this measure is a useful indicator of the capital (debt or equity) required to fund a business as it adjusts for non-interest-bearing current liabilities generated in the normal course of business that do not require a capital outlay. We also believe that by excluding cash and equivalents, we provide a meaningful measure of assets requiring capital to fund our GE Capital segment, as a substantial amount of this cash and equivalents resulted from debt issuances to pre-fund future debt maturities and will not be used to fund additional assets. Providing this measure will help investors measure how we are performing against our previously communicated goal to reduce the size of our financial services segment. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (84) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 GE Pre-Tax Earnings from Continuing Operations, Excluding GECC Earnings from Continuing Operations  and the Corresponding Effective Tax Rates 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,090  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,797  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 19,126  
 
   
 
 
     Less GECC earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
 
  8,258  
 
   
   
 
 7,345  
 
   
   
 
 6,480  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,832  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 9,452  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,646  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE provision for income taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,668  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,013  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,839  
 
   
 
 
 GE effective tax rate, excluding GECC earnings 
 
   
 
  18.9  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
 21.3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
 38.3  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Reconciliation of U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to GE Effective Tax Rate, Excluding GECC Earnings 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 
 
   
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Reduction in rate resulting from 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Tax on global activities including exports 
 
   
 
  (7.9) 
 
   
   
 
  (7.6) 
 
   
   
 
  (7.9) 
 
   
 
 
     U.S. business credits 
 
   
 
  (2.8) 
 
   
   
 
  (1.2) 
 
   
   
 
  (2.3) 
 
   
 
 
    NBCU gain 
 
   
 
  (1.3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  14.9  
 
   
 
 
    All other – net 
 
   
 
  (4.1) 
 
   
   
 
  (4.9) 
 
   
   
 
  (1.4) 
 
   
 
   
   
 
  (16.1) 
 
   
   
 
  (13.7) 
 
   
   
 
  3.3  
 
   
 
 
 GE effective tax rate, excluding GECC earnings 
 
   
 
  18.9  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  21.3  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  38.3  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 We believe that the GE effective tax rate is best analyzed in relation to GE earnings before income taxes excluding the GECC net earnings from continuing operations, as GE tax expense does not include taxes on GECC earnings. Management believes that in addition to the Consolidated and GECC tax rates shown in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report, this supplemental measure provides investors with useful information as it presents the GE effective tax rate that can be used in comparing the GE results to other non-financial services businesses. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (85) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Glossary 

   

 
 

 Backlog  Unfilled customer orders for products and product services (12 months for product services). 

 
 

 Borrowing  Financial liability (short or long-term) that obligates us to repay cash or another financial asset to another entity. 

 
 

 Borrowings as a percentage of total capital invested  For GE, the sum of borrowings and mandatorily redeemable preferred stock, divided by the sum of borrowings, mandatorily redeemable preferred stock, noncontrolling interests and total shareowners’ equity. 

 
 

 Cash equivalents  Highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less, such as commercial paper. Typically included with cash for reporting purposes, unless designated as available-for-sale and included with investment securities. 

 
 

 Cash flow hedges  Qualifying derivative instruments that we use to protect ourselves against exposure to variability in future cash flows. The exposure may be associated with an existing asset or liability, or with a forecasted transaction. See “Hedge.” 

 
 

 Commercial paper  Unsecured, unregistered promise to repay borrowed funds in a specified period ranging from overnight to 270 days. 

 
 

 Comprehensive income  The sum of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. See “Other Comprehensive Income.” 

 
 

 Derivative instrument  A financial instrument or contract with another party (counterparty) that is designed to meet any of a variety of risk management objectives, including those related to fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices. Options, forwards and swaps are the most common derivative instruments we employ. See “Hedge.” 

 
 

 Discontinued operations  Certain businesses we have sold or committed to sell within the next year and therefore will no longer be part of our ongoing operations. The net earnings, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of such businesses are separately classified on our Statement of Earnings, Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows, respectively, for all periods presented. 

 
 

 Effective tax rate  Provision for income taxes as a percentage of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and accounting changes. Does not represent cash paid for income taxes in the current accounting period. Also referred to as “actual tax rate” or “tax rate.” 

 
 

 Ending Net Investment (ENI)  The total capital we have invested in the financial services business. It is the sum of short-term borrowings, long-term borrowings and equity (excluding noncontrolling interests) adjusted for unrealized gains and losses on investment securities and hedging instruments. Alternatively, it is the amount of assets of continuing operations less the amount of non-interest-bearing liabilities. 

 
 

 Equipment leased to others  Rental equipment we own that is available to rent and is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. 

 
 

 Fair value hedge  Qualifying derivative instruments that we use to reduce the risk of changes in the fair value of assets, liabilities or certain types of firm commitments. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are designated and effective as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings, but are offset by corresponding changes in the fair values of the hedged items. See “Hedge.” 

 
 
    
 

 
 (86) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Financing receivables  Investment in contractual loans and leases due from customers (not investment securities). 

 
 

 Forward contract  Fixed price contract for purchase or sale of a specified quantity of a commodity, security, currency or other financial instrument with delivery and settlement at a specified future date. Commonly used as a hedging tool. See “Hedge.” 

 
 

 Goodwill  The premium paid for acquisition of a business. Calculated as the purchase price less the fair value of net assets acquired (net assets are identified tangible and intangible assets, less liabilities assumed). 

 
 

 Guaranteed investment contracts (GICs)  Deposit-type products that guarantee a minimum rate of return, which may be fixed or floating. 

 
 

 Hedge  A technique designed to eliminate risk. Often refers to the use of derivative financial instruments to offset changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, although many business positions are “naturally hedged” – for example, funding a U.S. fixed-rate investment with U.S. fixed-rate borrowings is a natural interest rate hedge. 

 
 

 Intangible asset  A non-financial asset lacking physical substance, such as goodwill, patents, licenses, trademarks and customer relationships. 

 
 

 Interest rate swap  Agreement under which two counterparties agree to exchange one type of interest rate cash flow for another. In a typical arrangement, one party periodically will pay a fixed amount of interest, in exchange for which that party will receive variable payments computed using a published index. See “Hedge.” 

 
 

 Investment securities  Generally, an instrument that provides an ownership position in a corporation (a stock), a creditor relationship with a corporation or governmental body (a bond), rights to contractual cash flows backed by pools of financial assets or rights to ownership such as those represented by options, subscription rights and subscription warrants. 

 
 

 Match funding  A risk control policy that provides funding for a particular financial asset having the same currency, maturity and interest rate characteristics as that asset. Match funding is executed directly, by issuing debt, or synthetically, through a combination of debt and derivative financial instruments. For example, when we lend at a fixed interest rate in the U.S., we can borrow those U.S. dollars either at a fixed rate of interest or at a floating rate executed concurrently with a pay-fixed interest rate swap. See “Hedge.” 

 
 

 Monetization  Sale of financial assets to a third party for cash. For example, we sell certain loans, credit card receivables and trade receivables to third-party financial buyers, typically providing at least some credit protection and often agreeing to provide collection and processing services for a fee. Monetization normally results in gains on interest-bearing assets and losses on non-interest-bearing assets. See “Securitization” and “Variable interest entity.” 

 
 

 Noncontrolling interest  Portion of shareowner’s equity in a subsidiary that is not attributable to GE. 

 
 

 Operating profit  GE earnings from continuing operations before interest and other financial charges, income taxes and effects of accounting changes. 

 
 

 Option  The right, not the obligation, to execute a transaction at a designated price, generally involving equity interests, interest rates, currencies or commodities. See “Hedge.” 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (87) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Other Comprehensive Income  Changes in assets and liabilities that do not result from transactions with shareowners and are not included in net income but are recognized in a separate component of shareowners’ equity. Other Comprehensive Income includes the following components: 

   

 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 - 
 
 
 Investment securities –  Unrealized gains and losses on securities classified as available-for-sale. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 - 
 
 
 Currency translation adjustments –  The result of translating into U.S. dollars those amounts denominated or measured in a different currency. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 - 
 
 
 Cash flow hedges –  The effective portion of the fair value of cash flow hedges. Such hedges relate to an exposure to variability in the cash flows of recognized assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions that are attributable to a specific risk. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 - 
 
 
 Benefit plans –  Unamortized prior service costs and net actuarial losses (gains) related to pension and retiree health and life benefits. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 - 
 
 
 Reclassification adjustments –  Amounts previously recognized in Other Comprehensive Income that are included in net income in the current period. 
 
 
 

   
  

 Product services  For purposes of the financial statement display of sales and costs of sales in our Statement of Earnings, “goods” is required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to include all sales of tangible products, and “services” must include all other sales, including other services activities. In our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Operations, we refer to sales under product services agreements and sales of both goods (such as spare parts and equipment upgrades) and related services (such as monitoring, maintenance and repairs) as sales of “product services,” which is an important part of our operations. 

 
 

 Product services agreements  Contractual commitments, with multiple-year terms, to provide specified services for products in our Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Aviation and Transportation installed base – for example, monitoring, maintenance, service and spare parts for a gas turbine/generator set installed in a customer’s power plant. 

 
 

 Productivity  The rate of increased output for a given level of input, with both output and input measured in constant currency. 

 
 

 Progress collections  Billings and payments received on customer contracts before the related revenue is recognized. 

 
 

 Qualified special purpose entities (QSPEs)  A type of variable interest entity whose activities are significantly limited and entirely specified in the legal documents that established it. There also are significant limitations on the types of assets and derivative instruments such entities may hold and the types and extent of activities and decision-making they may engage in. 

 
 

 Retained interest  A portion of a transferred financial asset retained by the transferor that provides rights to receive portions of the cash inflows from that asset. 

 
 

 Return on average GE shareowners’ equity  Earnings from continuing operations before accounting changes divided by average GE shareowners’ equity, excluding effects of discontinued operations (on an annual basis, calculated using a five-point average). Average GE shareowners’ equity, excluding effects of discontinued operations, as of the end of each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31 of the year for which the ratio is calculated is described in the Supplemental Information section. 

 
 

 Return on average total capital invested  For GE, earnings from continuing operations before accounting changes plus the sum of after-tax interest and other financial charges and noncontrolling interests, divided by the sum of the averages of total shareowners’ equity (excluding effects of discontinued operations), borrowings, mandatorily redeemable preferred stock and noncontrolling interests (on an annual basis, calculated using a five-point average). Average total shareowners’ equity, excluding effects of discontinued operations as of the end of each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31 of the year for which the ratio is calculated is described in the Supplemental Information section. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (88) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Securitization  A process whereby loans or other receivables are packaged, underwritten and sold to investors. In a typical transaction, assets are sold to a special purpose entity, which purchases the assets with cash raised through issuance of beneficial interests (usually debt instruments) to third-party investors. Whether or not credit risk associated with the securitized assets is retained by the seller depends on the structure of the securitization. See “Monetization” and “Variable interest entity.” 

 
 

 Subprime  For purposes of Consumer-related discussion, subprime includes consumer finance products like mortgage, auto, cards, sales finance and personal loans to U.S. and global borrowers whose credit score implies a higher probability of default based upon GECC's proprietary scoring models and definitions, which add various qualitative and quantitative factors to a base credit score such as a FICO score or global bureau score. Although FICO and global bureau credit scores are a widely accepted rating of individual consumer creditworthiness, the internally modeled scores are more reflective of the behavior and default risks in the portfolio compared with stand-alone generic bureau scores. 

 
 

 Turnover  Broadly based on the number of times that working capital is replaced during a year. Current receivables turnover is total sales divided by the five-point average balance of GE current receivables. Inventory turnover is total sales divided by a five-point average balance of inventories. See “Working capital.” 

 
 

 Variable interest entity  An entity that must be consolidated by its primary beneficiary, the party that holds a controlling financial interest. A variable interest entity has one or both of the following characteristics: (1) its equity at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (2) as a group, the equity investors lack one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the entity, (b) obligation to absorb expected losses, or (c) right to receive expected residual returns. 

 
 

 Working capital  Represents GE current receivables and inventories, less GE accounts payable and progress collections. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (89) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

   

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

   

 Information about our global risk management can be found in the Operations – Global Risk Management, GE Capital Risk Management and Oversight and Financial Resources and Liquidity and Borrowings – Funding Plan – Exchange Rate and Interest Rate Risks sections in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

   

 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

   

 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With our participation, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was conducted as of December 31, 2013, based on the framework and criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 1992. 

   

 Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013 . 

   

 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting. Their report follows. 

   

 
 
 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey R. Immelt 
 
    
 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Bornstein 
 
 
 
 Jeffrey R. Immelt 
 
    
 
 Jeffrey S. Bornstein 
 
 
 
 Chairman of the Board and 

 Chief Executive Officer 

   

 February 27, 2014 
 
    
 
 Senior Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (90) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 To Shareowners and Board of Directors 

 of General Electric Company: 

 
 

 We have audited the accompanying statement of financial position of General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in shareowners’ equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework   (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. 

 
 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 
 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 
 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (91) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by COSO. 

 
 

 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The accompanying consolidating information appearing on pages 95, 98 and 100 is presented for purposes of additional analysis of the consolidated financial statements rather than to present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the individual entities. The consolidating information has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audits of the consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 

 
 

 
   

 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 
    
 
   
 
 
   
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 

 February 27, 2014 
 
    
 
   
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (92) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Audited Financial Statements and Notes 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Earnings 
 
 
 94 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
 96 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareowners’ Equity 
 
 
 96 
 
 
 
 Statement of Financial Position 
 
 
 97 
 
 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
 99 
 
 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
    
 
 1 
 
    
 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 
 101 
 
 
    
 
 2 
 
    
 
 Assets and Liabilities of Businesses Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations 
 
 
 113 
 
 
    
 
 3 
 
    
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 
 120 
 
 
    
 
 4 
 
    
 
 Current Receivables 
 
 
 124 
 
 
    
 
 5 
 
    
 
 Inventories 
 
 
 124 
 
 
    
 
 6 
 
    
 
 GECC Financing Receivables ,  Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables and 

   Supplemental Information on Credit Quality 
 
 
 125 
 
 
    
 
 7 
 
    
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 
 139 
 
 
    
 
 8 
 
    
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 
 140 
 
 
    
 
 9 
 
    
 
 All Other Assets 
 
 
 143 
 
 
    
 
 10 
 
    
 
 Borrowings and Bank Deposits 
 
 
 144 
 
 
    
 
 11 
 
    
 
 Investment Contracts, Insurance Liabilities and Insurance Annuity Benefits 
 
 
 146 
 
 
    
 
 12 
 
    
 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 
 
 146 
 
 
    
 
 13 
 
    
 
 All Other Liabilities 
 
 
 156 
 
 
    
 
 14 
 
    
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 
 157 
 
 
    
 
 15 
 
    
 
 Shareowners’ Equity 
 
 
 161 
 
 
    
 
 16 
 
    
 
 Other Stock-related Information 
 
 
 165 
 
 
    
 
 17 
 
    
 
 Other Income 
 
 
 168 
 
 
    
 
 18 
 
    
 
 GECC Revenues from Services 
 
 
 169 
 
 
    
 
 19 
 
    
 
 Supplemental Cost Information 
 
 
 169 
 
 
    
 
 20 
 
    
 
 Earnings Per Share Information 
 
 
 170 
 
 
    
 
 21 
 
    
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 
 171 
 
 
    
 
 22 
 
    
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 
 177 
 
 
    
 
 23 
 
    
 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 
 183 
 
 
    
 
 24 
 
    
 
 Commitments and Guarantees 
 
 
 186 
 
 
    
 
 25 
 
    
 
 Supplemental Cash Flows Information 
 
 
 187 
 
 
    
 
 26 
 
    
 
 Intercompany Transactions 
 
 
 188 
 
 
    
 
 27 
 
    
 
 Operating Segments 
 
 
 188 
 
 
    
 
 28 
 
    
 
 Quarterly Information (unaudited) 
 
 
 192 
 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (93) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Earnings  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 General Electric Company  
 
 
   
 
 and consolidated affiliates  
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions; per-share amounts in dollars)  
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues and other income  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Sales of goods  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  71,873  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 72,991  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 66,874  
 
 
 
 Sales of services  
 
   
 
  28,669  
 
   
   
 
 27,158  
 
   
   
 
 27,648  
 
 
 
 Other income (Note 17)  
 
   
 
  3,108  
 
   
   
 
 2,563  
 
   
   
 
 5,063  
 
 
 
 GECC earnings from continuing operations  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GECC revenues from services (Note 18)  
 
   
 
  42,395  
 
   
   
 
 43,972  
 
   
   
 
 46,957  
 
 
 
    Total revenues and other income  
 
   
 
  146,045  
 
   
   
 
 146,684  
 
   
   
 
 146,542  
 
 
 
     
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Costs and expenses (Note 19)  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cost of goods sold  
 
   
 
  57,867  
 
   
   
 
 56,785  
 
   
   
 
 51,455  
 
 
 
 Cost of services sold  
 
   
 
  19,274  
 
   
   
 
 17,525  
 
   
   
 
 16,823  
 
 
 
 Interest and other financial charges  
 
   
 
  10,116  
 
   
   
 
 12,407  
 
   
   
 
 14,422  
 
 
 
 Investment contracts, insurance losses and  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    insurance annuity benefits  
 
   
 
  2,676  
 
   
   
 
 2,857  
 
   
   
 
 2,912  
 
 
 
 Provision for losses on financing  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    receivables (Note 6)  
 
   
 
  4,818  
 
   
   
 
 3,832  
 
   
   
 
 3,930  
 
 
 
 Other costs and expenses  
 
   
 
  35,143  
 
   
   
 
 35,897  
 
   
   
 
 36,841  
 
 
 
    Total costs and expenses  
 
   
 
  129,894  
 
   
   
 
 129,303  
 
   
   
 
 126,383  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    before income taxes  
 
   
 
  16,151  
 
   
   
 
 17,381  
 
   
   
 
 20,159  
 
 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes (Note 14)  
 
   
 
  (676) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,534) 
 
   
   
 
 (5,745) 
 
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations  
 
   
 
  15,475  
 
   
   
 
 14,847  
 
   
   
 
 14,414  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations,  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    net of taxes (Note 2)  
 
   
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
 (983) 
 
   
   
 
 29  
 
 
 
 Net earnings  
 
   
 
  13,355  
 
   
   
 
 13,864  
 
   
   
 
 14,443  
 
 
 
 Less net earnings attributable to  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    noncontrolling interests  
 
   
 
  298  
 
   
   
 
 223  
 
   
   
 
 292  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company  
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
 13,641  
 
   
   
 
 14,151  
 
 
 
 Preferred stock dividends declared  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 (1,031) 
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to GE common  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    shareowners  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,120  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amounts attributable to the Company  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Earnings from continuing operations  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,177  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,624  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,122  
 
 
 
    Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations,  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       net of taxes  
 
   
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
 (983) 
 
   
   
 
 29  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,151  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Per-share amounts (Note 20)  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Earnings from continuing operations  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       Diluted earnings per share  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.47  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.38  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1.23  
 
 
 
       Basic earnings per share  
 
   
 
  1.48  
 
   
   
 
  1.39  
 
   
   
 
  1.23  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Net earnings  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       Diluted earnings per share  
 
   
 
  1.27  
 
   
   
 
  1.29  
 
   
   
 
  1.23  
 
 
 
       Basic earnings per share  
 
   
 
  1.28  
 
   
   
 
  1.29  
 
   
   
 
  1.24  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Dividends declared per share  
 
   
 
  0.79  
 
   
   
 
  0.70  
 
   
   
 
  0.61  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 See Note 3 for other-than-temporary impairment amounts. 

   

 
 
 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (94) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

   

 
  

   

   

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Earnings (Continued) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 
 
 
 GE(a) 
 
   
 
 GECC 
 
 
 
 (In millions; per-share amounts in dollars) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues and other income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Sales of goods 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  71,951  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  73,304  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  67,011  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  126  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  119  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  148  
 
 
 
 Sales of services 
 
   
 
  29,063  
 
   
   
 
  27,571  
 
   
   
 
  28,024  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Other income (Note 17) 
 
   
 
  2,886  
 
   
   
 
  2,657  
 
   
   
 
  5,268  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GECC earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
 
  8,258  
 
   
   
 
  7,345  
 
   
   
 
  6,480  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GECC revenues from services (Note 18) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  43,941  
 
   
   
 
  45,245  
 
   
   
 
  48,176  
 
 
 
     Total revenues and other income 
 
   
 
  112,158  
 
   
   
 
  110,877  
 
   
   
 
  106,783  
 
   
   
 
  44,067  
 
   
   
 
  45,364  
 
   
   
 
  48,324  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Costs and expenses (Note 19) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
   
 
  57,962  
 
   
   
 
  57,118  
 
   
   
 
  51,605  
 
   
   
 
  108  
 
   
   
 
  99  
 
   
   
 
  135  
 
 
 
 Cost of services sold 
 
   
 
  19,668  
 
   
   
 
  17,938  
 
   
   
 
  17,199  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Interest and other financial charges 
 
   
 
  1,333  
 
   
   
 
  1,353  
 
   
   
 
  1,299  
 
   
   
 
  9,267  
 
   
   
 
  11,596  
 
   
   
 
  13,760  
 
 
 
 Investment contracts, insurance losses and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     insurance annuity benefits 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,779  
 
   
   
 
  2,984  
 
   
   
 
  3,059  
 
 
 
 Provision for losses on financing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     receivables (Note 6) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,818  
 
   
   
 
  3,832  
 
   
   
 
  3,930  
 
 
 
 Other costs and expenses 
 
   
 
  16,105  
 
   
   
 
  17,671  
 
   
   
 
  17,554  
 
   
   
 
  19,776  
 
   
   
 
  18,924  
 
   
   
 
  19,927  
 
 
 
     Total costs and expenses 
 
   
 
  95,068  
 
   
   
 
  94,080  
 
   
   
 
  87,657  
 
   
   
 
  36,748  
 
   
   
 
  37,435  
 
   
   
 
  40,811  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     before income taxes 
 
   
 
  17,090  
 
   
   
 
  16,797  
 
   
   
 
  19,126  
 
   
   
 
  7,319  
 
   
   
 
  7,929  
 
   
   
 
  7,513  
 
 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes (Note 14) 
 
   
 
  (1,668) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,013) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,839) 
 
   
   
 
  992  
 
   
   
 
  (521) 
 
   
   
 
  (906) 
 
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
 
  15,422  
 
   
   
 
  14,784  
 
   
   
 
  14,287  
 
   
   
 
  8,311  
 
   
   
 
  7,408  
 
   
   
 
  6,607  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     net of taxes (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
  (983) 
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  (2,054) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,130) 
 
   
   
 
  30  
 
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
   
 
  13,302  
 
   
   
 
  13,801  
 
   
   
 
  14,316  
 
   
   
 
  6,257  
 
   
   
 
  6,278  
 
   
   
 
  6,637  
 
 
 
 Less net earnings attributable to 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  245  
 
   
   
 
  160  
 
   
   
 
  165  
 
   
   
 
  53  
 
   
   
 
  63  
 
   
   
 
  127  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
   
   
 
  6,204  
 
   
   
 
  6,215  
 
   
   
 
  6,510  
 
 
 
 Preferred stock dividends declared 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (1,031) 
 
   
   
 
  (298) 
 
   
   
 
  (123) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to GE common 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     shareowners 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,120  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,906  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,092  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,510  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amounts attributable to the Company 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Earnings from continuing operations 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,177  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,624  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,122  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,258  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,345  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,480  
 
 
 
     Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        net of taxes 
 
   
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
   
 
  (983) 
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  (2,054) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,130) 
 
   
   
 
  30  
 
 
 
     Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,151  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,204  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,215  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,510  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Represents the adding together of all affiliated companies except General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC or financial services), which is presented on a one-line basis. See Note 1. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 In the consolidating data on this page, "GE" means the basis of consolidation as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements; "GECC" means General Electric Capital Corporation and all of its affiliates and associated companies. Separate information is shown for "GE" and "GECC." Transactions between GE and GECC have been eliminated from the "General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates" columns on the prior page. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (95) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,355  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,864  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,443  
 
 
 
    Less: net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  298  
 
   
   
 
  223  
 
   
   
 
  292  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,641  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,151  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investment securities 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (374) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  705  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  608  
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustments 
 
   
 
  (308) 
 
   
   
 
  300  
 
   
   
 
  180  
 
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
 
   
 
  467  
 
   
   
 
  453  
 
   
   
 
  118  
 
 
 
   Benefit plans 
 
   
 
  11,300  
 
   
   
 
  2,299  
 
   
   
 
  (7,040) 
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
   
 
  11,085  
 
   
   
 
  3,757  
 
   
   
 
  (6,134) 
 
 
 
   Less: other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  (25) 
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  (15) 
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,110  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,744  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (6,119) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Comprehensive income 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,440  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,621  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,309  
 
 
 
 Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  273  
 
   
   
 
  236  
 
   
   
 
  277  
 
 
 
 Comprehensive income attributable to GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,167  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,385  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,032  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 Amounts presented net of taxes. See Note 15 for further information about other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interests. 

 
 

 See accompanying notes. 

 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareowners' Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE shareowners' equity balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  123,026  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  116,438  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  118,936  
 
 
 
 Increases from net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
 
 
 Dividends and other transactions with shareowners 
 
   
 
  (8,061) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,372) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,502) 
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to GE 
 
   
 
  11,110  
 
   
   
 
  3,744  
 
   
   
 
  (6,119) 
 
 
 
 Net sales (purchases) of shares for treasury 
 
   
 
  (7,990) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,802) 
 
   
   
 
  169  
 
 
 
 Changes in other capital 
 
   
 
  (576) 
 
   
   
 
  (623) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,197) 
 
 
 
 Ending balance at December 31 
 
   
 
  130,566  
 
   
   
 
  123,026  
 
   
   
 
  116,438  
 
 
 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  6,217  
 
   
   
 
  5,444  
 
   
   
 
  1,696  
 
 
 
 Total equity balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  136,783  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  128,470  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  118,134  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 See Note 15 for further information about changes in shareowners’ equity. 

 
 
 
 
 

   
 

 
 
 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (96) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Financial Position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 General Electric Company 
 
 
   
 
 and consolidated affiliates 
 
 
 
 At December 31 (In millions, except share amounts) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  88,555  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  77,268  
 
 
 
 Investment securities (Note 3) 
 
   
 
  43,981  
 
   
   
 
  48,510  
 
 
 
 Current receivables (Note 4) 
 
   
 
  21,388  
 
   
   
 
  19,902  
 
 
 
 Inventories (Note 5) 
 
   
 
  17,325  
 
   
   
 
  15,374  
 
 
 
 Financing receivables – net (Note 6) 
 
   
 
  241,940  
 
   
   
 
  257,238  
 
 
 
 Other GECC receivables 
 
   
 
  9,114  
 
   
   
 
  7,864  
 
 
 
 Property, plant and equipment – net (Note 7) 
 
   
 
  68,827  
 
   
   
 
  68,633  
 
 
 
 Investment in GECC 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Goodwill (Note 8) 
 
   
 
  77,648  
 
   
   
 
  73,114  
 
 
 
 Other intangible assets – net (Note 8) 
 
   
 
  14,310  
 
   
   
 
  11,980  
 
 
 
 All other assets (Note 9) 
 
   
 
  70,808  
 
   
   
 
  101,644  
 
 
 
 Deferred income taxes (Note 14) 
 
   
 
  275  
 
   
   
 
  (54) 
 
 
 
 Assets of businesses held for sale (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  50  
 
   
   
 
  211  
 
 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  2,339  
 
   
   
 
  3,315  
 
 
 
 Total assets(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  656,560  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  684,999  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities and equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Short-term borrowings (Note 10) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  77,890  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  101,392  
 
 
 
 Accounts payable, principally trade accounts 
 
   
 
  16,471  
 
   
   
 
  15,654  
 
 
 
 Progress collections and price adjustments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     accrued 
 
   
 
  13,125  
 
   
   
 
  10,877  
 
 
 
 Dividends payable 
 
   
 
  2,220  
 
   
   
 
  1,980  
 
 
 
 Other GE current liabilities 
 
   
 
  13,381  
 
   
   
 
  14,895  
 
 
 
 Non-recourse borrowings of consolidated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     securitization entities (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  30,124  
 
   
   
 
  30,123  
 
 
 
 Bank deposits (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  53,361  
 
   
   
 
  46,200  
 
 
 
 Long-term borrowings (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  221,665  
 
   
   
 
  236,084  
 
 
 
 Investment contracts, insurance liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and insurance annuity benefits (Note 11) 
 
   
 
  26,544  
 
   
   
 
  28,268  
 
 
 
 All other liabilities (Note 13) 
 
   
 
  61,057  
 
   
   
 
  68,166  
 
 
 
 Liabilities of businesses held for sale (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  157  
 
 
 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  3,933  
 
   
   
 
  2,733  
 
 
 
 Total liabilities(a) 
 
   
 
  519,777  
 
   
   
 
  556,529  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC preferred stock (50,000 and 40,000 shares outstanding at 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Common stock (10,060,881,000 and 10,405,625,000 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     shares outstanding at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively) 
 
   
 
  702  
 
   
   
 
  702  
 
 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to GE(b) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Investment securities 
 
   
 
  307  
 
   
   
 
  677  
 
 
 
     Currency translation adjustments 
 
   
 
  126  
 
   
   
 
  412  
 
 
 
     Cash flow hedges 
 
   
 
  (257) 
 
   
   
 
  (722) 
 
 
 
     Benefit plans 
 
   
 
  (9,296) 
 
   
   
 
  (20,597) 
 
 
 
 Other capital 
 
   
 
  32,494  
 
   
   
 
  33,070  
 
 
 
 Retained earnings 
 
   
 
  149,051  
 
   
   
 
  144,055  
 
 
 
 Less common stock held in treasury 
 
   
 
  (42,561) 
 
   
   
 
  (34,571) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GE shareowners’ equity 
 
   
 
  130,566  
 
   
   
 
  123,026  
 
 
 
 Noncontrolling interests(c) 
 
   
 
  6,217  
 
   
   
 
  5,444  
 
 
 
 Total equity (Notes 15 and 16) 
 
   
 
  136,783  
 
   
   
 
  128,470  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  656,560  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  684,999  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Our consolidated assets at December 31, 2013 include total assets of $47,367 million of certain variable interest entities (VIEs) that can only be used to settle the liabilities of those VIEs. These assets include net financing receivables of $41,420 million and investment securities of $3,830 million. Our consolidated liabilities at December 31, 2013 include liabilities of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to GE. These liabilities include non-recourse borrowings of consolidated securitization entities (CSEs) of $28,574 million. See Note 23. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 The sum of accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to GE was $(9,120) million and $(20,230) million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(180) million and $(155) million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (97) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Financial Position (Continued) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 GE(a) 
 
   
 
 GECC 
 
 
 
 At December 31 (In millions, except share amounts) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,682  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,509  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  74,873  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  61,853  
 
 
 
 Investment securities (Note 3) 
 
   
 
  323  
 
   
   
 
  74  
 
   
   
 
  43,662  
 
   
   
 
  48,439  
 
 
 
 Current receivables (Note 4) 
 
   
 
  10,970  
 
   
   
 
  9,274  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Inventories (Note 5) 
 
   
 
  17,257  
 
   
   
 
  15,295  
 
   
   
 
  68  
 
   
   
 
  79  
 
 
 
 Financing receivables – net (Note 6) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  253,029  
 
   
   
 
  268,161  
 
 
 
 Other GECC receivables 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  16,513  
 
   
   
 
  13,891  
 
 
 
 Property, plant and equipment – net (Note 7) 
 
   
 
  17,574  
 
   
   
 
  16,033  
 
   
   
 
  51,607  
 
   
   
 
  52,967  
 
 
 
 Investment in GECC 
 
   
 
  77,745  
 
   
   
 
  77,930  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Goodwill (Note 8) 
 
   
 
  51,453  
 
   
   
 
  46,143  
 
   
   
 
  26,195  
 
   
   
 
  26,971  
 
 
 
 Other intangible assets – net (Note 8) 
 
   
 
  13,180  
 
   
   
 
  10,700  
 
   
   
 
  1,136  
 
   
   
 
  1,287  
 
 
 
 All other assets (Note 9) 
 
   
 
  23,708  
 
   
   
 
  39,534  
 
   
   
 
  47,366  
 
   
   
 
  62,186  
 
 
 
 Deferred income taxes (Note 14) 
 
   
 
  5,061  
 
   
   
 
  5,946  
 
   
   
 
  (4,786) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,000) 
 
 
 
 Assets of businesses held for sale (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  50  
 
   
   
 
  211  
 
 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  2,330  
 
   
   
 
  3,306  
 
 
 
 Total assets 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  230,962  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  236,447  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  512,043  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  533,351  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities and equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Short-term borrowings (Note 10) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,841  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,041  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  77,298  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  95,940  
 
 
 
 Accounts payable, principally trade accounts 
 
   
 
  16,353  
 
   
   
 
  14,259  
 
   
   
 
  6,549  
 
   
   
 
  6,256  
 
 
 
 Progress collections and price adjustments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     accrued 
 
   
 
  13,152  
 
   
   
 
  10,877  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Dividends payable 
 
   
 
  2,220  
 
   
   
 
  1,980  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Other GE current liabilities 
 
   
 
  13,381  
 
   
   
 
  14,896  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Non-recourse borrowings of consolidated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     securitization entities (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  30,124  
 
   
   
 
  30,123  
 
 
 
 Bank deposits (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  53,361  
 
   
   
 
  46,200  
 
 
 
 Long-term borrowings (Note 10) 
 
   
 
  11,515  
 
   
   
 
  11,428  
 
   
   
 
  210,279  
 
   
   
 
  224,776  
 
 
 
 Investment contracts, insurance liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and insurance annuity benefits (Note 11) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  26,979  
 
   
   
 
  28,696  
 
 
 
 All other liabilities (Note 13) 
 
   
 
  40,955  
 
   
   
 
  53,093  
 
   
   
 
  20,531  
 
   
   
 
  15,943  
 
 
 
 Liabilities of businesses held for sale (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  157  
 
 
 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations (Note 2) 
 
   
 
  143  
 
   
   
 
  70  
 
   
   
 
  3,790  
 
   
   
 
  2,663  
 
 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
   
 
  99,560  
 
   
   
 
  112,644  
 
   
   
 
  428,917  
 
   
   
 
  450,754  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC preferred stock (50,000 shares and 40,000 shares outstanding at 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Common stock (10,060,881,000 and 10,405,625,000 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   shares outstanding at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively) 
 
   
 
  702  
 
   
   
 
  702  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Investment securities 
 
   
 
  307  
 
   
   
 
  677  
 
   
   
 
  309  
 
   
   
 
  673  
 
 
 
     Currency translation adjustments 
 
   
 
  126  
 
   
   
 
  412  
 
   
   
 
  (687) 
 
   
   
 
  (131) 
 
 
 
     Cash flow hedges 
 
   
 
  (257) 
 
   
   
 
  (722) 
 
   
   
 
  (293) 
 
   
   
 
  (746) 
 
 
 
     Benefit plans 
 
   
 
  (9,296) 
 
   
   
 
  (20,597) 
 
   
   
 
  (363) 
 
   
   
 
  (736) 
 
 
 
 Other capital 
 
   
 
  32,494  
 
   
   
 
  33,070  
 
   
   
 
  32,563  
 
   
   
 
  31,586  
 
 
 
 Retained earnings 
 
   
 
  149,051  
 
   
   
 
  144,055  
 
   
   
 
  51,165  
 
   
   
 
  51,244  
 
 
 
 Less common stock held in treasury 
 
   
 
  (42,561) 
 
   
   
 
  (34,571) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GE shareowners’ equity 
 
   
 
  130,566  
 
   
   
 
  123,026  
 
   
   
 
  82,694  
 
   
   
 
  81,890  
 
 
 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  836  
 
   
   
 
  777  
 
   
   
 
  432  
 
   
   
 
  707  
 
 
 
 Total equity (Notes 15 and 16) 
 
   
 
  131,402  
 
   
   
 
  123,803  
 
   
   
 
  83,126  
 
   
   
 
  82,597  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  230,962  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  236,447  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  512,043  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  533,351  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Represents the adding together of all affiliated companies except General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC or financial services), which is presented on a one-line basis. See Note 1. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 In the consolidating data on this page, "GE" means the basis of consolidation as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements; "GECC" means General Electric Capital Corporation and all of its affiliates and associated companies. Separate information is shown for “GE” and “GECC.” Transactions between GE and GECC have been eliminated from the “General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates” columns on the prior page. 
 
 
 

   

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (98) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash flows – operating activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,355  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,864  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,443  
 
 
 
 Less net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  298  
 
   
   
 
  223  
 
   
   
 
  292  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
 
 
 (Earnings) loss from discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  2,120  
 
   
   
 
  983  
 
   
   
 
  (29) 
 
 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings attributable to the 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Company to cash provided from operating activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Depreciation and amortization of property, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  9,762  
 
   
   
 
  9,192  
 
   
   
 
  8,986  
 
 
 
        Earnings from continuing operations retained by GECC 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
        Deferred income taxes 
 
   
 
  (3,295) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,152) 
 
   
   
 
  (204) 
 
 
 
        Decrease (increase) in GE current receivables 
 
   
 
  (485) 
 
   
   
 
  (879) 
 
   
   
 
  (670) 
 
 
 
        Decrease (increase) in inventories 
 
   
 
  (1,368) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,274) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,168) 
 
 
 
        Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
 
   
 
  360  
 
   
   
 
  (437) 
 
   
   
 
  1,204  
 
 
 
        Increase (decrease) in GE progress collections 
 
   
 
  1,893  
 
   
   
 
  (920) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,146) 
 
 
 
        Provision for losses on GECC financing receivables 
 
   
 
  4,818  
 
   
   
 
  3,832  
 
   
   
 
  3,930  
 
 
 
        All other operating activities 
 
   
 
  2,175  
 
   
   
 
  8,029  
 
   
   
 
  7,057  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  29,037  
 
   
   
 
  31,015  
 
   
   
 
  32,111  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  (458) 
 
   
   
 
  316  
 
   
   
 
  1,248  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities 
 
   
 
  28,579  
 
   
   
 
  31,331  
 
   
   
 
  33,359  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash flows – investing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  (13,458) 
 
   
   
 
  (15,119) 
 
   
   
 
  (12,637) 
 
 
 
 Dispositions of property, plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  5,883  
 
   
   
 
  6,184  
 
   
   
 
  5,867  
 
 
 
 Net decrease (increase) in GECC financing receivables 
 
   
 
  2,715  
 
   
   
 
  6,979  
 
   
   
 
  14,785  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from sales of discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  528  
 
   
   
 
  227  
 
   
   
 
  8,950  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from principal business dispositions 
 
   
 
  3,324  
 
   
   
 
  3,618  
 
   
   
 
  8,877  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from sale of equity interest in NBCU LLC 
 
   
 
  16,699  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Net cash from (payments for) principal businesses purchased 
 
   
 
  (1,642) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,456) 
 
   
   
 
  (11,202) 
 
 
 
 All other investing activities 
 
   
 
  14,625  
 
   
   
 
  11,157  
 
   
   
 
  6,527  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  28,674  
 
   
   
 
  11,590  
 
   
   
 
  21,167  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  443  
 
   
   
 
  (288) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,285) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities 
 
   
 
  29,117  
 
   
   
 
  11,302  
 
   
   
 
  19,882  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash flows – financing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in borrowings (maturities of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     90 days or less) 
 
   
 
  (14,230) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,231) 
 
   
   
 
  5,951  
 
 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in bank deposits 
 
   
 
  2,197  
 
   
   
 
  2,450  
 
   
   
 
  6,652  
 
 
 
 Newly issued debt (maturities longer than 90 days) 
 
   
 
  45,392  
 
   
   
 
  63,019  
 
   
   
 
  43,847  
 
 
 
 Repayments and other reductions (maturities longer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     than 90 days) 
 
   
 
  (61,461) 
 
   
   
 
  (103,942) 
 
   
   
 
  (85,706) 
 
 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of GECC preferred stock 
 
   
 
  990  
 
   
   
 
  3,960  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Repayment of preferred stock 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3,300) 
 
 
 
 Net dispositions (purchases) of GE shares for treasury 
 
   
 
  (9,278) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,164) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,456) 
 
 
 
 Dividends paid to shareowners 
 
   
 
  (7,821) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,189) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,458) 
 
 
 
 Purchases of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (4,578) 
 
 
 
 All other financing activities 
 
   
 
  (1,418) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,958) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,867) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  (45,629) 
 
   
   
 
  (51,055) 
 
   
   
 
  (46,915) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  56  
 
   
   
 
  (19) 
 
   
   
 
  52  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities 
 
   
 
  (45,573) 
 
   
   
 
  (51,074) 
 
   
   
 
  (46,863) 
 
 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  (795) 
 
   
   
 
  1,278  
 
   
   
 
  (841) 
 
 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  11,328  
 
   
   
 
  (7,163) 
 
   
   
 
  5,537  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents at beginning of year 
 
   
 
  77,459  
 
   
   
 
  84,622  
 
   
   
 
  79,085  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents at end of year 
 
   
 
  88,787  
 
   
   
 
  77,459  
 
   
   
 
  84,622  
 
 
 
 Less cash and equivalents of discontinued operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     at end of year 
 
   
 
  232  
 
   
   
 
  191  
 
   
   
 
  182  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents of continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     at end of year 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  88,555  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  77,268  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  84,440  
 
 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash paid during the year for interest 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (8,690) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (12,717) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (15,571) 
 
 
 
 Cash recovered (paid) during the year for income taxes 
 
   
 
  (2,487) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,237) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,919) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 See accompanying notes. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (99) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

   

 
 
   
 
 GE(a) 
 
   
 
 GECC 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 

   

 
 
 
 Cash flows – operating activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,302  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,801  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,316  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,257  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,278  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,637  
 
 
 
 Less net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  245  
 
   
   
 
  160  
 
   
   
 
  165  
 
   
   
 
  53  
 
   
   
 
  63  
 
   
   
 
  127  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
   
   
 
  6,204  
 
   
   
 
  6,215  
 
   
   
 
  6,510  
 
 
 
 (Earnings) loss from discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  2,120  
 
   
   
 
  983  
 
   
   
 
  (29) 
 
   
   
 
  2,054  
 
   
   
 
  1,130  
 
   
   
 
  (30) 
 
 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings attributable to the 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Company to cash provided from operating activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Depreciation and amortization of property, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  2,449  
 
   
   
 
  2,291  
 
   
   
 
  2,068  
 
   
   
 
  7,313  
 
   
   
 
  6,901  
 
   
   
 
  6,918  
 
 
 
        Earnings from continuing operations retained by GECC(b) 
 
   
 
  (2,273) 
 
   
   
 
  (919) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,480) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
        Deferred income taxes 
 
   
 
  (2,571) 
 
   
   
 
  (294) 
 
   
   
 
  (327) 
 
   
   
 
  (724) 
 
   
   
 
  (858) 
 
   
   
 
  123  
 
 
 
        Decrease (increase) in GE current receivables 
 
   
 
  (1,432) 
 
   
   
 
  1,105  
 
   
   
 
  (346) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
        Decrease (increase) in inventories 
 
   
 
  (1,351) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,204) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,122) 
 
   
   
 
  33  
 
   
   
 
  (27) 
 
   
   
 
  15  
 
 
 
        Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
 
   
 
  809  
 
   
   
 
  158  
 
   
   
 
  1,938  
 
   
   
 
  73  
 
   
   
 
  (880) 
 
   
   
 
  19  
 
 
 
        Increase (decrease) in GE progress collections 
 
   
 
  1,919  
 
   
   
 
  (920) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,146) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
        Provision for losses on GECC financing receivables 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,818  
 
   
   
 
  3,832  
 
   
   
 
  3,930  
 
 
 
        All other operating activities 
 
   
 
  1,528  
 
   
   
 
  2,985  
 
   
   
 
  3,350  
 
   
   
 
  99  
 
   
   
 
  5,418  
 
   
   
 
  3,127  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  14,255  
 
   
   
 
  17,826  
 
   
   
 
  12,057  
 
   
   
 
  19,870  
 
   
   
 
  21,731  
 
   
   
 
  20,612  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (456) 
 
   
   
 
  316  
 
   
   
 
  1,248  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities 
 
   
 
  14,253  
 
   
   
 
  17,826  
 
   
   
 
  12,057  
 
   
   
 
  19,414  
 
   
   
 
  22,047  
 
   
   
 
  21,860  
 
 

   

 
 
 
 Cash flows – investing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  (3,680) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,937) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,957) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,978) 
 
   
   
 
  (11,879) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,869) 
 
 
 
 Dispositions of property, plant and equipment 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,883  
 
   
   
 
  6,184  
 
   
   
 
  5,867  
 
 
 
 Net decrease (increase) in GECC financing receivables 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,589  
 
   
   
 
  5,490  
 
   
   
 
  14,525  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from sales of discontinued operations 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  528  
 
   
   
 
  227  
 
   
   
 
  8,950  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from principal business dispositions 
 
   
 
  1,316  
 
   
   
 
  540  
 
   
   
 
  6,254  
 
   
   
 
  1,983  
 
   
   
 
  2,863  
 
   
   
 
  2,623  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from sale of equity interest in NBCU LLC 
 
   
 
  16,699  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Net cash from (payments for) principal businesses purchased 
 
   
 
  (8,026) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,456) 
 
   
   
 
  (11,152) 
 
   
   
 
  6,384  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (50) 
 
 
 
 All other investing activities 
 
   
 
  (1,488) 
 
   
   
 
  (564) 
 
   
   
 
  (384) 
 
   
   
 
  14,972  
 
   
   
 
  11,794  
 
   
   
 
  7,733  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  4,821  
 
   
   
 
  (5,417) 
 
   
   
 
  (8,239) 
 
   
   
 
  23,361  
 
   
   
 
  14,679  
 
   
   
 
  29,779  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  441  
 
   
   
 
  (288) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,285) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities 
 
   
 
  4,823  
 
   
   
 
  (5,417) 
 
   
   
 
  (8,239) 
 
   
   
 
  23,802  
 
   
   
 
  14,391  
 
   
   
 
  28,494  
 
 

   

 
 
 
 Cash flows – financing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in borrowings (maturities of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     90 days or less) 
 
   
 
  949  
 
   
   
 
  (890) 
 
   
   
 
  1,058  
 
   
   
 
  (13,892) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,401) 
 
   
   
 
  4,393  
 
 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in bank deposits 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,197  
 
   
   
 
  2,450  
 
   
   
 
  6,652  
 
 
 
 Newly issued debt (maturities longer than 90 days) 
 
   
 
  512  
 
   
   
 
  6,961  
 
   
   
 
  177  
 
   
   
 
  44,888  
 
   
   
 
  55,841  
 
   
   
 
  43,267  
 
 
 
 Repayments and other reductions (maturities longer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     than 90 days) 
 
   
 
  (5,032) 
 
   
   
 
  (34) 
 
   
   
 
  (270) 
 
   
   
 
  (56,429) 
 
   
   
 
  (103,908) 
 
   
   
 
  (85,436) 
 
 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of GECC preferred stock 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  990  
 
   
   
 
  3,960  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Repayment of preferred stock 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3,300) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Net dispositions (purchases) of GE shares for treasury 
 
   
 
  (9,278) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,164) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,456) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Dividends paid to shareowners 
 
   
 
  (7,821) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,189) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,458) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,283) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,549) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Purchases of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     interests 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (4,303) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (275) 
 
 
 
 All other financing activities 
 
   
 
  (211) 
 
   
   
 
  32  
 
   
   
 
  (75) 
 
   
   
 
  (909) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,867) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,792) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities – continuing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  (20,881) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,284) 
 
   
   
 
  (14,627) 
 
   
   
 
  (29,438) 
 
   
   
 
  (52,474) 
 
   
   
 
  (33,191) 
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities – discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  56  
 
   
   
 
  (19) 
 
   
   
 
  52  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities 
 
   
 
  (20,881) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,284) 
 
   
   
 
  (14,627) 
 
   
   
 
  (29,382) 
 
   
   
 
  (52,493) 
 
   
   
 
  (33,139) 
 
 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  (22) 
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  (50) 
 
   
   
 
  (773) 
 
   
   
 
  1,276  
 
   
   
 
  (791) 
 
 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents 
 
   
 
  (1,827) 
 
   
   
 
  7,127  
 
   
   
 
  (10,859) 
 
   
   
 
  13,061  
 
   
   
 
  (14,779) 
 
   
   
 
  16,424  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents at beginning of year 
 
   
 
  15,509  
 
   
   
 
  8,382  
 
   
   
 
  19,241  
 
   
   
 
  62,044  
 
   
   
 
  76,823  
 
   
   
 
  60,399  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents at end of year 
 
   
 
  13,682  
 
   
   
 
  15,509  
 
   
   
 
  8,382  
 
   
   
 
  75,105  
 
   
   
 
  62,044  
 
   
   
 
  76,823  
 
 
 
 Less cash and equivalents of discontinued operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     at end of year 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  232  
 
   
   
 
  191  
 
   
   
 
  182  
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents of continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     at end of year 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,682  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,509  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,382  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  74,873  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  61,853  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  76,641  
 
 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash paid during the year for interest 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (812) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,182) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,177) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (8,146) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (12,172) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (15,018) 
 
 
 
 Cash recovered (paid) during the year for income taxes 
 
   
 
  (4,753) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,987) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,303) 
 
   
   
 
  2,266  
 
   
   
 
  (250) 
 
   
   
 
  (616) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

   
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Represents the adding together of all affiliated companies except General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC or financial services), which is presented on a one-line basis. See Note 1. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Represents GECC earnings from continuing operations attributable to the Company, net of GECC dividends paid to GE. 
 
 
 

   
 

 
 
 
 
 In the consolidating data on this page, "GE" means the basis of consolidation as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements; "GECC" means General Electric Capital Corporation and all of its affiliates and associated companies. Separate information is shown for “GE” and “GECC.” Transactions between GE and GECC have been eliminated from the “General Electric Company and consolidated affiliates” columns on the prior page and are discussed in Note 26. 
 
 
 

   

 
   

 
 (100) 

 
 
 
 

   
 

   

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

   

 Accounting Principles 

   

 Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 

 
 

 Consolidation 

   

 Our financial statements consolidate all of our affiliates – entities in which we have a controlling financial interest, most often because we hold a majority voting interest. To determine if we hold a controlling financial interest in an entity, we first evaluate if we are required to apply the variable interest entity (VIE) model to the entity, otherwise the entity is evaluated under the voting interest model. 

 
 

 Where we hold current or potential rights that give us the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance combined with a variable interest that gives us the right to receive potentially significant benefits or the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses, we have a controlling financial interest in that VIE. Rights held by others to remove the party with power over the VIE are not considered unless one party can exercise those rights unilaterally. When changes occur to the design of an entity, we reconsider whether it is subject to the VIE model. We continuously evaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest in a VIE. 

 
 

 We hold a controlling financial interest in other entities where we currently hold, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights or where we exercise control through substantive participating rights or as a general partner. Where we are a general partner, we consider substantive removal rights held by other partners in determining if we hold a controlling financial interest. We reevaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest in these entities when our voting or substantive participating rights change. 

 
 

 Associated companies are unconsolidated VIEs and other entities in which we do not have a controlling financial interest, but over which we have significant influence, most often because we hold a voting interest of 20% to 50%. Associated companies are accounted for as equity method investments. Results of associated companies are presented on a one-line basis. Investments in, and advances to, associated companies are presented on a one-line basis in the caption “All other assets” in our Statement of Financial Position, net of allowance for losses, that represents our best estimate of probable losses inherent in such assets. 

   

 Financial Statement Presentation 

   

 We have reclassified certain prior-year amounts to conform to the current-year’s presentation. 

 
 

 Financial data and related measurements are presented in the following categories: 

 
 

 GE  – This represents the adding together of all affiliates other than General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC), whose continuing operations are presented on a one-line basis, giving effect to the elimination of transactions among such affiliates. 

 
 

 GECC  – This represents the adding together of all affiliates of GECC, giving effect to the elimination of transactions among such affiliates. 

 
 

 Consolidated  – This represents the adding together of GE and GECC, giving effect to the elimination of transactions between GE and GECC. 

 
 

 Operating Segments  – These comprise our eight businesses, focused on the broad markets they serve: Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting (formerly Home & Business Solutions) and GE Capital. Prior-period information has been reclassified to be consistent with how we managed our businesses in 2013. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (101) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Unless otherwise indicated, information in these notes to consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations. Certain of our operations have been presented as discontinued. See Note 2. 

 
 

 The effects of translating to U.S. dollars the financial statements of non-U.S. affiliates whose functional currency is the local currency are included in shareowners’ equity. Asset and liability accounts are translated at year-end exchange rates, while revenues and expenses are translated at average rates for the respective periods. 

 
 

 Preparing financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates based on assumptions about current, and for some estimates future, economic and market conditions (for example, unemployment, market liquidity, the real estate market, etc.), which affect reported amounts and related disclosures in our financial statements. Although our current estimates contemplate current conditions and how we expect them to change in the future, as appropriate, it is reasonably possible that in 2014 actual conditions could be worse than anticipated in those estimates, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial position. Among other effects, such changes could result in future impairments of investment securities, goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, incremental losses on financing receivables, establishment of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and increased tax liabilities. 

 
 

 Sales of Goods and Services 

   

 We record all sales of goods and services only when a firm sales agreement is in place, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered and collectibility of the fixed or determinable sales price is reasonably assured. 

 
 

 Arrangements for the sale of goods and services sometimes include multiple components. Most of our multiple component arrangements involve the sale of goods and services in the Healthcare segment. Our arrangements with multiple components usually involve an upfront deliverable of large machinery or equipment and future service deliverables such as installation, commissioning, training or the future delivery of ancillary products. In most cases, the relative values of the undelivered components are not significant to the overall arrangement and are typically delivered within three to six months after the core product has been delivered. In such agreements, selling price is determined for each component and any difference between the total of the separate selling prices and total contract consideration (i.e., discount) is allocated pro rata across each of the components in the arrangement. The value assigned to each component is objectively determined and obtained primarily from sources such as the separate selling price for that or a similar item or from competitor prices for similar items. If such evidence is not available, we use our best estimate of selling price, which is established consistent with the pricing strategy of the business and considers product configuration, geography, customer type, and other market specific factors. 

 
 

 Except for goods sold under long-term agreements, we recognize sales of goods under the provisions of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104,  Revenue Recognition . We often sell consumer products and computer hardware and software products with a right of return. We use our accumulated experience to estimate and provide for such returns when we record the sale. In situations where arrangements include customer acceptance provisions based on seller or customer-specified objective criteria, we recognize revenue when we have reliably demonstrated that all specified acceptance criteria have been met or when formal acceptance occurs, respectively. In arrangements where we provide goods for trial and evaluation purposes, we only recognize revenue after customer acceptance occurs. Unless otherwise noted, we do not provide for anticipated losses before we record sales. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (102) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 We recognize revenue on agreements for sales of goods and services under power generation unit and uprate contracts, nuclear fuel assemblies, larger oil drilling equipment projects, aeroderivative unit contracts, military development contracts, locomotive production contracts, and long-term construction projects, using long-term construction and production contract accounting. We estimate total long-term contract revenue net of price concessions as well as total contract costs. For goods sold under power generation unit and uprate contracts, nuclear fuel assemblies, aeroderivative unit contracts, military development contracts and locomotive production contracts, we recognize sales as we complete major contract-specified deliverables, most often when customers receive title to the goods or accept the services as performed. For larger oil drilling equipment projects and long-term construction projects, we recognize sales based on our progress toward contract completion measured by actual costs incurred in relation to our estimate of total expected costs. We measure long-term contract revenues by applying our contract-specific estimated margin rates to incurred costs. We routinely update our estimates of future costs for agreements in process and report any cumulative effects of such adjustments in current operations. We provide for any loss that we expect to incur on these agreements when that loss is probable. 

 
 

 We recognize revenue upon delivery for sales of aircraft engines, military propulsion equipment and related spare parts not sold under long-term product services agreements. Delivery of commercial engines, non-U.S. military equipment and all related spare parts occurs on shipment; delivery of military propulsion equipment sold to the U.S. government or agencies thereof occurs upon receipt of a Material Inspection and Receiving Report, DD Form 250 or Memorandum of Shipment. Commercial aircraft engines are complex equipment manufactured to customer order under a variety of sometimes complex, long-term agreements. We measure sales of commercial aircraft engines by applying our contract-specific estimated margin rates to incurred costs. We routinely update our estimates of future revenues and costs for commercial aircraft engine agreements in process and report any cumulative effects of such adjustments in current operations. Significant components of our revenue and cost estimates include price concessions and performance-related guarantees as well as material, labor and overhead costs. We measure revenue for military propulsion equipment and spare parts not subject to long-term product services agreements based on the specific contract on a specifically measured output basis. We provide for any loss that we expect to incur on these agreements when that loss is probable; consistent with industry practice, for commercial aircraft engines, we make such provision only if such losses are not recoverable from future highly probable sales of spare parts and services for those engines. 

 
 

 We sell product services under long-term product maintenance or extended warranty agreements in our Aviation, Power & Water, Oil & Gas and Transportation segments, where costs of performing services are incurred on other than a straight-line basis. We also sell product services in our Healthcare segment, where such costs generally are expected to be on a straight-line basis. For the Aviation, Power & Water, Oil & Gas and Transportation agreements, we recognize related sales based on the extent of our progress toward completion measured by actual costs incurred in relation to total expected costs. We routinely update our estimates of future costs for agreements in process and report any cumulative effects of such adjustments in current operations. For the Healthcare agreements, we recognize revenues on a straight-line basis and expense related costs as incurred. We provide for any loss that we expect to incur on any of these agreements when that loss is probable. 

 
 

 GECC Revenues from Services (Earned Income) 

   

 We use the interest method to recognize income on loans. Interest on loans includes origination, commitment and other non-refundable fees related to funding (recorded in earned income on the interest method). We stop accruing interest at the earlier of the time at which collection of an account becomes doubtful or the account becomes 90 days past due, with the exception of consumer credit card accounts. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013, we continue to accrue interest on consumer credit cards until the accounts are written off in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. Previously, we stopped accruing interest on consumer credit cards when the account became 90 days past due. Previously recognized interest income that was accrued but not collected from the borrower is reversed, unless the terms of the loan agreement permit capitalization of accrued interest to the principal balance.   Although we stop accruing interest in advance of payments, we recognize interest income as cash is collected when appropriate, provided the amount does not exceed that which would have been earned at the historical effective interest rate; otherwise, payments received are applied to reduce the principal balance of the loan. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (103) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 We resume accruing interest on nonaccrual, non-restructured commercial loans only when (a) payments are brought current according to the loan’s original terms and (b) future payments are reasonably assured. When we agree to restructured terms with the borrower, we resume accruing interest only when it is reasonably assured that we will recover full contractual payments, and such loans pass underwriting reviews equivalent to those applied to new loans. We resume accruing interest on nonaccrual consumer loans when the customer’s account is less than 90 days past due and collection of such amounts is probable. Interest accruals on modified consumer loans that are not considered to be troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) may return to current status (re-aged) only after receipt of at least three consecutive minimum monthly payments or the equivalent cumulative amount, subject to a re-aging limitation of once a year, or twice in a five-year period. 

 
 

 We recognize financing lease income on the interest method to produce a level yield on funds not yet recovered. Estimated unguaranteed residual values are based upon management's best estimates of the value of the leased asset at the end of the lease term. We use various sources of data in determining this estimate, including information obtained from third parties, which is adjusted for the attributes of the specific asset under lease. Guarantees of residual values by unrelated third parties are considered part of minimum lease payments. Significant assumptions we use in estimating residual values include estimated net cash flows over the remaining lease term, anticipated results of future remarketing, and estimated future component part and scrap metal prices, discounted at an appropriate rate. 

 
 

 We recognize operating lease income on a straight-line basis over the terms of underlying leases. 

 
 

 Fees include commitment fees related to loans that we do not expect to fund and line-of-credit fees. We record these fees in earned income on a straight-line basis over the period to which they relate. We record syndication fees in earned income at the time related services are performed, unless significant contingencies exist. 

 
 

 Depreciation and Amortization 

   

 The cost of GE manufacturing plant and equipment is depreciated over its estimated economic life. U.S. assets are depreciated using an accelerated method based on a sum-of-the-years digits formula; non-U.S. assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis. 

 
 

 The cost of GECC equipment leased to others on operating leases is depreciated on a straight-line basis to estimated residual value over the lease term or over the estimated economic life of the equipment. 

 
 

 The cost of GECC acquired real estate investments is depreciated on a straight-line basis to the estimated salvage value over the expected useful life or the estimated proceeds upon sale of the investment at the end of the expected holding period if that approach produces a higher measure of depreciation expense. 

 
 

 The cost of individually significant customer relationships is amortized in proportion to estimated total related sales; cost of other intangible assets is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated economic life. We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. See Notes 7 and 8. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (104) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Losses on Financing Receivables 

   

 Losses on financing receivables are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. The method for calculating the best estimate of losses depends on the size, type and risk characteristics of the related financing receivable. Such an estimate requires consideration of historical loss experience, adjusted for current conditions, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates, financial health of specific customers and market sectors, collateral values (including housing price indices as applicable), and the present and expected future levels of interest rates. The underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to provide for losses are updated periodically to reflect our view of current conditions and are subject to the regulatory examination process, which can result in changes to our assumptions. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the allowance and provision for losses. It is possible that we will experience credit losses that are different from our current estimates. Write-offs are deducted from the allowance for losses when we judge the principal to be uncollectible and subsequent recoveries are added to the allowance at the time cash is received on a written-off account. 

 
 

 "Impaired" loans are defined as larger-balance or restructured loans for which it is probable that the lender will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan agreement. 

 
 

 “Troubled debt restructurings” (TDRs) are those loans for which we have granted a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties where we do not receive adequate compensation. Such loans are classified as impaired, and are individually reviewed for specific reserves. 

 
 

 “Nonaccrual financing receivables” are those on which we have stopped accruing interest. We stop accruing interest at the earlier of the time at which collection of an account becomes doubtful or the account becomes 90 days past due, with the exception of consumer credit card accounts, for which we continue to accrue interest until the accounts are written off in the period that the account becomes 180 days past due. Although we stop accruing interest in advance of payments, we recognize interest income as cash is collected when appropriate provided the amount does not exceed that which would have been earned at the historical effective interest rate. Recently restructured financing receivables are not considered delinquent when payments are brought current according to the restructured terms, but may remain classified as nonaccrual until there has been a period of satisfactory payment performance by the borrower and future payments are reasonably assured of collection. 

 
 

 “Nonearning financing receivables” are a subset of nonaccrual financing receivables for which cash payments are not being received or for which we are on the cost recovery method of accounting (i.e., any payments are accounted for as a reduction of principal). This category excludes loans purchased at a discount (unless they have deteriorated post acquisition). These loans are initially recorded at fair value and accrete interest income over the estimated life of the loan based on reasonably estimable cash flows even if the underlying loans are contractually delinquent at acquisition. 

 
 

 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised our methods for classifying financing receivables as nonaccrual and nonearning to more closely align with regulatory guidance. Under the revised methods, we continue to accrue interest on consumer credit cards until the accounts are written off in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. Previously, we stopped accruing interest on consumer credit cards when the account became 90 days past due. In addition, the revised methods limit the use of the cash basis of accounting for nonaccrual financing receivables. 

 
 

 As a result of these revisions, consumer credit card receivables of $1,051 million that were previously classified as both nonaccrual and nonearning were returned to accrual status in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, $1,524 million of Real Estate and CLL financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual, paying in accordance with contractual terms and accounted for on the cash basis, were returned to accrual status, while $2,174 million of financing receivables previously classified as nonaccrual and accounted for on the cash basis (primarily in Real Estate and CLL) were placed into the nonearning category based on our assessment of the short-term outlook for resolution through payoff or refinance. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (105) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Given that the revised methods result in nonaccrual and nonearning amounts that are substantially the same, we plan to discontinue the reporting of nonearning financing receivables, one of our internal performance metrics, and report selected ratios related to nonaccrual financing receivables, in the first quarter of 2014. 

 
 

 “Delinquent” receivables are those that are 30 days or more past due based on their contractual terms. 

 
 

 The same financing receivable may meet more than one of the definitions above. Accordingly, these categories are not mutually exclusive and it is possible for a particular loan to meet the definitions of a TDR, impaired loan, nonaccrual loan and nonearning loan and be included in each of these categories. The categorization of a particular loan also may not be indicative of the potential for loss. 

 
 

 Our consumer loan portfolio consists of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans, including credit card receivables, installment loans, auto loans and leases and residential mortgages. We collectively evaluate each portfolio for impairment quarterly. The allowance for losses on these receivables is established through a process that estimates the probable losses inherent in the portfolio based upon statistical analyses of portfolio data. These analyses include migration analysis, in which historical delinquency and credit loss experience is applied to the current aging of the portfolio, together with other analyses that reflect current trends and conditions. We also consider our historical loss experience to date based on actual defaulted loans and overall portfolio indicators including nonearning loans, trends in loan volume and lending terms, credit policies and other observable environmental factors such as unemployment rates and home price indices. 

 
 

 Our commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of a variety of loans and leases, including both larger-balance, non-homogeneous loans and leases and smaller-balance homogeneous loans and leases. Losses on such loans and leases are recorded when probable and estimable. We routinely evaluate our entire portfolio for potential specific credit or collection issues that might indicate an impairment. 

 
 

 For larger-balance, non-homogeneous loans and leases, we consider the financial status, payment history, collateral value, industry conditions and guarantor support related to specific customers. Any delinquencies or bankruptcies are indications of potential impairment requiring further assessment of collectibility. We routinely receive financial as well as rating agency reports on our customers, and we elevate for further attention those customers whose operations we judge to be marginal or deteriorating. We also elevate customers for further attention when we observe a decline in collateral values for asset-based loans. While collateral values are not always available, when we observe such a decline, we evaluate relevant markets to assess recovery alternatives – for example, for real estate loans, relevant markets are local; for commercial aircraft loans, relevant markets are global. 

 
 

 Measurement of the loss on our impaired commercial loans is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of collateral, net of expected selling costs, if the loan is determined to be collateral dependent. We determine whether a loan is collateral dependent if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral. Our review process can often result in reserves being established in advance of a modification of terms or designation as a TDR. After providing for specific incurred losses, we then determine an allowance for losses that have been incurred in the balance of the portfolio but cannot yet be identified to a specific loan or lease. This estimate is based upon various statistical analyses considering historical and projected default rates and loss severity and aging, as well as our view on current market and economic conditions. It is prepared by each respective line of business. For Real Estate, this includes assessing the probability of default and the loss given default based on loss history of our portfolio for loans with similar loan metrics and attributes. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (106) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 We consider multiple factors in evaluating the adequacy of our allowance for losses on Real Estate financing receivables, including loan-to-value ratios, collateral values at the individual loan level, debt service coverage ratios, delinquency status, and economic factors including interest rate and real estate market forecasts. In addition to these factors, we evaluate a Real Estate loan for impairment classification if its projected loan-to-value ratio at maturity is in excess of 100%, even if the loan is currently paying in accordance with its contractual terms. Substantially all of the loans in the Real Estate portfolio are considered collateral dependent and are measured for impairment based on the fair value of collateral. If foreclosure is deemed probable or if repayment is dependent solely on the sale of collateral, we also include estimated selling costs in our reserve. Collateral values for our Real Estate loans are determined based upon internal cash flow estimates discounted at an appropriate rate and corroborated by external appraisals, as appropriate. Collateral valuations are routinely monitored and updated annually, or more frequently for changes in collateral, market and economic conditions. Further discussion on determination of fair value is in the Fair Value Measurements section below. 

 
 

 Experience is not available for new products; therefore, while we are developing that experience, we set loss allowances based on our experience with the most closely analogous products in our portfolio. 

 
 

 Our loss mitigation strategy intends to minimize economic loss and, at times, can result in rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extensions, forbearance or other actions, which may cause the related loan to be classified as a TDR. 

 
 

 We utilize certain loan modification programs for borrowers experiencing temporary financial difficulties in our Consumer loan portfolio. These loan modification programs are primarily concentrated in our non-U.S. residential mortgage and non-U.S. installment and revolving portfolios and include short-term (three months or less) interest rate reductions and payment deferrals, which were not part of the terms of the original contract. We sold our U.S. residential mortgage business in 2007 and, as such, do not participate in the U.S. government-sponsored mortgage modification programs. 

 
 

 Our allowance for losses on financing receivables on these modified consumer loans is determined based upon a formulaic approach that estimates the probable losses inherent in the portfolio based upon statistical analyses of the portfolio. Data related to redefault experience is also considered in our overall reserve adequacy review. Once the loan has been modified, it returns to current status (re-aged) only after receipt of at least three consecutive minimum monthly payments or the equivalent cumulative amount, subject to a re-aging limitation of once a year, or twice in a five-year period in accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council guidelines on Uniform Retail Credit Classification and Account Management policy issued in June 2000. We believe that the allowance for losses would not be materially different had we not re-aged these accounts. 

 
 

 For commercial loans, we evaluate changes in terms and conditions to determine whether those changes meet the criteria for classification as a TDR on a loan-by-loan basis. In Commercial Lending and Leasing (CLL), these changes primarily include: changes to covenants, short-term payment deferrals and maturity extensions. For these changes, we receive economic consideration, including additional fees and/or increased interest rates, and evaluate them under our normal underwriting standards and criteria. Changes to Real Estate ’ s loans primarily include maturity extensions, principal payment acceleration, changes to collateral terms, and cash sweeps, which are in addition to, or sometimes in lieu of, fees and rate increases. The determination of whether these changes to the terms and conditions of our commercial loans meet the TDR criteria includes our consideration of all of the relevant facts and circumstances. When the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, we carefully evaluate these changes to determine whether they meet the form of a concession. In these circumstances, if the change is deemed to be a concession, we classify the loan as a TDR. 

 
 

 When we repossess collateral in satisfaction of a loan, we write down the receivable against the allowance for losses. Repossessed collateral is included in the caption “All other assets” in the Statement of Financial Position and carried at the lower of cost or estimated fair value less costs to sell. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (107) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 For Consumer loans, we write off unsecured closed-end installment loans when they are 120 days contractually past due and unsecured open-ended revolving loans at 180 days contractually past due. We write down consumer loans secured by collateral other than residential real estate when such loans are 120 days past due. Consumer loans secured by residential real estate (both revolving and closed-end loans) are written down to the fair value of collateral, less costs to sell, no later than when they become 180 days past due. Unsecured consumer loans in bankruptcy are written off within 60 days of notification of filing by the bankruptcy court or within contractual write-off periods, whichever occurs earlier. 

 
 

 Write-offs on larger-balance impaired commercial loans are based on amounts deemed uncollectible and are reviewed quarterly. Write-offs are determined based on the consideration of many factors, such as expectations of the workout plan or restructuring of the loan, valuation of the collateral and the prioritization of our claim in bankruptcy. Write-offs are recognized against the allowance for losses at the earlier of transaction confirmation (for example, discounted pay-off, restructuring, foreclosure, etc.) or not later than 360 days after initial recognition of a specific reserve for a collateral dependent loan. If foreclosure is probable, the write-off is determined based on the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. Smaller-balance, homogeneous commercial loans are written off at the earlier of when deemed uncollectible or at 180 days past due. 

 
 

 Partial Sales of Business Interests 

   

 Gains or losses on sales of affiliate shares where we retain a controlling financial interest are recorded in equity. Gains or losses on sales that result in our loss of a controlling financial interest are recorded in earnings along with remeasurement gains or losses on any investments in the entity that we retained. 

 
 

 Cash and Equivalents 

   

 Debt securities and money market instruments with original maturities of three months or less are included in cash equivalents unless designated as available-for-sale and classified as investment securities. 

 
 

 Investment Securities 

   

 We report investments in debt and marketable equity securities, and certain other equity securities, at fair value. See Note 21 for further information on fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities are included in shareowners ’  equity, net of applicable taxes and other adjustments. We regularly review investment securities for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. 

 
 

 For debt securities, if we do not intend to sell the security or it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost, we evaluate other qualitative criteria to determine whether we do not expect to recover the amortized cost basis of the security, such as the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer is in compliance with the terms and covenants of the security. We also evaluate quantitative criteria including determining whether there has been an adverse change in expected future cash flows. If we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, we consider the security to be other-than-temporarily impaired, and we record the difference between the security ’ s amortized cost basis and its recoverable amount in earnings and the difference between the security ’ s recoverable amount and fair value in other comprehensive income. If we intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the security is also considered other-than-temporarily impaired and we recognize the entire difference between the security ’ s amortized cost basis and its fair value in earnings. For equity securities, we consider the length of time and magnitude of the amount that each security is in an unrealized loss position. If we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, we consider the security to be other-than-temporarily impaired, and we record the difference between the security’s amortized cost basis and its fair value in earnings. 

 
 

 Realized gains and losses are accounted for on the specific identification method. Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities classified as trading and certain retained interests are included in earnings. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (108) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Inventories 

   

 All inventories are stated at the lower of cost or realizable values. Cost for a significant portion of GE U.S. inventories is determined on a last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. Cost of other GE inventories is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. LIFO was used for 39% and 37% of GE inventories at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. GECC inventories consist of finished products held for sale; cost is determined on a FIFO basis. 

 
 

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

   

 We do not amortize goodwill, but test it at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is the operating segment, or one level below that operating segment (the component level) if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. However, components are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. We recognize an impairment charge if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill. We use a market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both to establish fair values. When a portion of a reporting unit is disposed, goodwill is allocated to the gain or loss on disposition based on the relative fair values of the business or businesses disposed and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. 

 
 

 We amortize the cost of other intangibles over their estimated useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite. The cost of intangible assets is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated economic life, except that individually significant customer-related intangible assets are amortized in relation to total related sales. Amortizable intangible assets are tested for impairment based on undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested annually for impairment and written down to fair value as required. 

 
 

 GECC Investment Contracts, Insurance Liabilities and Insurance Annuity Benefits 

   

 Certain entities that we consolidate provide guaranteed investment contracts, primarily to states, municipalities and municipal authorities. 

 
 

 Our insurance activities include providing insurance and reinsurance for life and health risks and providing certain annuity products. Two primary product groups are provided: traditional insurance contracts and investment contracts. Insurance contracts are contracts with significant mortality and/or morbidity risks, while investment contracts are contracts without such risks. 

 
 

 For short-duration insurance contracts, including accident and health insurance, we report premiums as earned income over the terms of the related agreements, generally on a pro-rata basis. For traditional long-duration insurance contracts including long-term care, term, whole life and annuities payable for the life of the annuitant, we report premiums as earned income when due. 

 
 

 Premiums received on investment contracts (including annuities without significant mortality risk) are not reported as revenues but rather as deposit liabilities. We recognize revenues for charges and assessments on these contracts, mostly for mortality, contract initiation, administration and surrender. Amounts credited to policyholder accounts are charged to expense. 

 
 

 Liabilities for traditional long-duration insurance contracts represent the present value of such benefits less the present value of future net premiums based on mortality, morbidity, interest and other assumptions at the time the policies were issued or acquired. Liabilities for investment contracts equal the account value, that is, the amount that accrues to the benefit of the contract or policyholder including credited interest and assessments through the financial statement date. For guaranteed investment contracts, the liability is also adjusted as a result of fair value hedging activity. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (109) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Liabilities for unpaid claims and estimated claim settlement expenses represent our best estimate of the ultimate obligations for reported and incurred-but-not-reported claims and the related estimated claim settlement expenses. Liabilities for unpaid claims and estimated claim settlement expenses are continually reviewed and adjusted through current operations. 

 
 

 Fair Value Measurements 

   

 For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date. In the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. 

 
 

 Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. Preference is given to observable inputs. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 Level 1 – 
 
 
 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Level 2 – 
 
 
 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Level 3 – 
 
 
 Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable. 
 
 
 

 
 

 We maintain policies and procedures to value instruments using the best and most relevant data available. In addition, we have risk management teams that review valuation, including independent price validation for certain instruments. With regard to Level 3 valuations (including instruments valued by third parties), we perform a variety of procedures to assess the reasonableness of the valuations. Such reviews, which may be performed quarterly, monthly or weekly, include an evaluation of instruments whose fair value change exceeds predefined thresholds (and/or does not change) and consider the current interest rate, currency and credit environment, as well as other published data, such as rating agency market reports and current appraisals. These reviews are performed within each business by the asset and risk managers, pricing committees and valuation committees. A detailed review of methodologies and assumptions is performed by individuals independent of the business for individual measurements with a fair value exceeding predefined thresholds. This detailed review may include the use of a third-party valuation firm. 

 
 

 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

   

 The following sections describe the valuation methodologies we use to measure different financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis. 

 
 

 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.  When available, we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of investment securities, and they are included in Level 1. Level 1 securities primarily include publicly traded equity securities. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (110) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 For large numbers of investment securities for which market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually (that is, it is difficult to obtain pricing information for each individual investment security at the measurement date), we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing vendor. The pricing vendor uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing vendor are derived from market observable sources including: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and other market-related data. Since many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, the methodology of the pricing vendor uses available information as applicable such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, and matrix pricing. The pricing vendor considers available market observable inputs in determining the evaluation for a security. Thus, certain securities may not be priced using quoted prices, but rather determined from market observable information. These investments are included in Level 2 and primarily comprise our portfolio of corporate fixed income, and government, mortgage and asset-backed securities. In infrequent circumstances, our pricing vendors may provide us with valuations that are based on significant unobservable inputs, and in those circumstances we classify the investment securities in Level 3. 

 
 

 Annually, we conduct reviews of our primary pricing vendor to validate that the inputs used in that vendor’s pricing process are deemed to be market observable as defined in the standard. While we are not provided access to proprietary models of the vendor, our reviews have included on-site walk-throughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. Our reviews also include an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process we perform each reporting period. In addition, the pricing vendor has an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of potentially erroneous prices. We believe that the prices received from our pricing vendor are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit prices) and are classified appropriately in the hierarchy. 

 
 

 We use non-binding broker quotes and other third-party pricing services as our primary basis for valuation when there is limited, or no, relevant market activity for a specific instrument or for other instruments that share similar characteristics. We have not adjusted the prices we have obtained. Investment securities priced using non-binding broker quotes and other third-party pricing services are included in Level 3. As is the case with our primary pricing vendor, third-party brokers and other third-party pricing services do not provide access to their proprietary valuation models, inputs and assumptions. Accordingly, our risk management personnel conduct reviews of vendors, as applicable, similar to the reviews performed of our primary pricing vendor. In addition, we conduct internal reviews of pricing for all such investment securities quarterly to ensure reasonableness of valuations used in our financial statements. These reviews are designed to identify prices that appear stale, those that have changed significantly from prior valuations, and other anomalies that may indicate that a price may not be accurate. Based on the information available, we believe that the fair values provided by the brokers and other third-party pricing services are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit prices). 

 
 

 Derivatives.  We use closing prices for derivatives included in Level 1, which are traded either on exchanges or liquid over-the-counter markets. 

 
 

 The majority of our derivatives are valued using internal models. The models maximize the use of market observable inputs including interest rate curves and both forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities. Derivative assets and liabilities included in Level 2 primarily represent interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency and commodity forward and option contracts. 

 
 

 Derivative assets and liabilities included in Level 3 primarily represent equity derivatives and interest rate products that contain embedded optionality or prepayment features. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (111) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements 

   

 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances. These assets can include loans and long-lived assets that have been reduced to fair value when they are held for sale, impaired loans that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, cost and equity method investments and long-lived assets that are written down to fair value when they are impaired and the remeasurement of retained investments in formerly consolidated subsidiaries upon a change in control that results in deconsolidation of a subsidiary, if we sell a controlling interest and retain a noncontrolling stake in the entity. Assets that are written down to fair value when impaired and retained investments are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. 

 
 

 The following sections describe the valuation methodologies we use to measure financial and non-financial instruments accounted for at fair value on a non-recurring basis and for certain assets within our pension plans and retiree benefit plans at each reporting period, as applicable. 

 
 

 Financing Receivables and Loans Held for Sale .   When available, we use observable market data, including pricing on recent closed market transactions, to value loans that are included in Level 2. When this data is unobservable, we use valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data adjusted for inherent credit risk, and such loans are included in Level 3. When appropriate, loans may be valued using collateral values (see Long-Lived Assets below). 

 
 

 Cost and Equity Method Investments . Cost and equity method investments are valued using market observable data such as quoted prices when available. When market observable data is unavailable, investments are valued using a discounted cash flow model, comparative market multiples or a combination of both approaches as appropriate and other third-party pricing sources. These investments are generally included in Level 3. 

 
 

 Investments in private equity, real estate and collective funds are valued using net asset values. The net asset values are determined based on the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds. Investments in private equity and real estate funds are generally included in Level 3 because they are not redeemable at the measurement date. Investments in collective funds are included in Level 2. 

 
 

 Long-lived Assets, including Real Estate . Fair values of long-lived assets, including aircraft and real estate, are primarily derived internally and are based on observed sales transactions for similar assets. In other instances, for example, collateral types for which we do not have comparable observed sales transaction data, collateral values are developed internally and corroborated by external appraisal information. Adjustments to third-party valuations may be performed in circumstances where market comparables are not specific to the attributes of the specific collateral or appraisal information may not be reflective of current market conditions due to the passage of time and the occurrence of market events since receipt of the information. For real estate, fair values are based on discounted cash flow estimates that reflect current and projected lease profiles and available industry information about capitalization rates and expected trends in rents and occupancy and are corroborated by external appraisals. These investments are generally included in Level 2 or Level 3. 

 
 

 Retained Investments in Formerly Consolidated Subsidiaries . Upon a change in control that results in deconsolidation of a subsidiary, the fair value measurement of our retained noncontrolling stake is valued using market observable data such as quoted prices when available, or if not available, an income approach, a market approach, or a combination of both approaches as appropriate. In applying these methodologies, we rely on a number of factors, including actual operating results, future business plans, economic projections, market observable pricing multiples of similar businesses and comparable transactions, and possible control premium. These investments are generally included in Level 1 or Level 3, as appropriate, determined at the time of the transaction. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (112) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Accounting Changes 

   

 On January 1, 2012, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2011-05, an amendment to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 220,  Comprehensive Income . ASU 2011-05 introduced a new statement, the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. The amendments affect only the display of those components of equity categorized as other comprehensive income and do not change existing recognition and measurement requirements that determine net earnings. 

 
 

 On January 1, 2012, we adopted FASB ASU 2011-04, an amendment to ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements . ASU 2011-04 clarifies or changes the application of existing fair value measurements, including: that the highest and best use valuation premise in a fair value measurement is relevant only when measuring the fair value of nonfinancial assets; that a reporting entity should measure the fair value of its own equity instrument from the perspective of a market participant that holds that instrument as an asset; to permit an entity to measure the fair value of certain financial instruments on a net basis rather than based on its gross exposure when the reporting entity manages its financial instruments on the basis of such net exposure; that in the absence of a Level 1 input, a reporting entity should apply premiums and discounts when market participants would do so when pricing the asset or liability consistent with the unit of account; and that premiums and discounts related to size as a characteristic of the reporting entity’s holding are not permitted in a fair value measurement. Adopting these amendments had no effect on the financial statements. 

 
 

 On January 1, 2011, we adopted FASB ASU 2009-13 and ASU 2009-14, amendments to ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition  and ASC 985,  Software , respectively, (ASU 2009-13 &14). ASU 2009-13 requires the allocation of consideration to separate components of an arrangement based on the relative selling price of each component. ASU 2009-14 requires certain software-enabled products to be accounted for under the general accounting standards for multiple component arrangements. These amendments were effective for new revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified on or subsequent to January 1, 2011. 

 
 

 Although the adoption of these amendments eliminated the allocation of consideration using residual values, which was applied primarily in our Healthcare segment, the overall impact of adoption was insignificant to our financial statements. In addition, there are no significant changes to the number of components or the pattern and timing of revenue recognition following adoption. 

 
 

 On July 1, 2011, we adopted FASB ASU 2011-02, an amendment to ASC 310,  Receivables . This ASU provides guidance for determining whether the restructuring of a debt constitutes a TDR and requires that such actions be classified as a TDR when there is both a concession and the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties. The amendment also clarifies guidance on a creditor’s evaluation of whether it has granted a concession. The amendment applies to restructurings that have occurred subsequent to January 1, 2011. As a result of adopting these amendments on July 1, 2011, we have classified an additional $271 million of financing receivables as TDRs and have recorded an increase of $77 million to our allowance for losses on financing receivables. See Note 6. 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 2. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF BUSINESSES HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

   

 Assets and Liabilities of Businesses Held for Sale 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, we committed to sell certain of our machining and fabrication businesses at Aviation and our Consumer auto and personal loan business in Portugal. We completed the sale of our Consumer auto and personal loan business in Portugal on July 15, 2013 for proceeds of $83 million. We completed the sale of our machining & fabrication business on December 2, 2013 for proceeds of $108 million. 

 
 

 In the third quarter of 2012, we completed the sale of our CLL business in South Korea for proceeds of $168 million. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (113) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 In the second quarter of 2012, we committed to sell a portion of our Business Properties portfolio (Business Property) in Real Estate, including certain commercial loans, the origination and servicing platforms and the servicing rights on loans previously securitized by GECC. We completed the sale of Business Property on October 1, 2012 for proceeds of $2,406 million. We deconsolidated substantially all Real Estate securitization entities in the fourth quarter of 2012 as servicing rights related to these entities were transferred to the buyer at closing. 

 
 

 NBCU 

   

 On January 28, 2011, we transferred the assets of the NBCU business and Comcast Corporation (Comcast) transferred certain of its assets to a newly formed entity, NBCUniversal LLC (NBCU LLC). In connection with the transaction, we received $6,176 million in cash from Comcast (which included $49 million of transaction-related cost reimbursements) and a 49% interest in NBCU LLC. Comcast held the remaining 51% interest in NBCU LLC. In connection with the transaction, we also entered into a number of agreements with Comcast governing the operation of the venture and transitional services, employee, tax and other matters. In addition, Comcast is obligated to share with us potential tax savings associated with their purchase of its 51% NBCU LLC member interest, if realized. We did not recognize these potential future payments as consideration for the sale, but record such payments in income as they are received. 

 
 

 Following the transaction, we deconsolidated NBCU and we accounted for our investment in NBCU LLC under the equity method. We recognized a pre-tax gain on the sale of $3,705 million ($526 million after tax). In connection with the sale, we recorded income tax expense of $3,179 million, reflecting the low tax basis in our investment in the NBCU business and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities related to our 49% investment in NBCU LLC. As our investment in NBCU LLC was structured as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes, U.S. taxes were recorded separately from the equity investment. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2012, the carrying amount of our equity investment in NBCU LLC was $18,887 million, reported in the “All other assets” caption in our Statement of Financial Position. At December 31, 2012, deferred tax liabilities related to our NBCU LLC investment were $4,937 million, and were reported in the “Deferred income taxes” caption in our Statement of Financial Position. 

 
 

 On March 19, 2013, we closed the transaction to sell our remaining 49% common equity interest in NBCU LLC to Comcast for total consideration of $16,722 million, consisting of $11,997 million in cash, $4,000 million in Comcast guaranteed debt and $725 million in preferred stock. The $4,000 million of debt and the $725 million of preferred shares were both issued by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Comcast. During the first quarter of 2013, we sold both of these investments at approximately par value. Consistent with the initial purchase of the 51% interest of NBCU LLC, Comcast is obligated to share with us potential tax savings associated with their purchase of our remaining 49% NBCU LLC interest, if realized. GECC also sold real estate comprising certain floors located at 30 Rockefeller Center, New York and the CNBC property located in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey to affiliates of NBCU LLC for $1,430 million in cash. 

 
 

 As a result of the transactions, we recognized pre-tax gains of $1,096 million ($825 million after tax) on the sale of our 49% common equity interest in NBCU LLC and $921 million ($564 million after tax) on the sale of GECC’s real estate properties. 

   

 Discontinued Operations 

   

 Discontinued operations primarily comprised GE Money Japan (our Japanese personal loan business, Lake, and our Japanese mortgage and card businesses, excluding our investment in GE Nissen Credit Co., Ltd.), our U.S. mortgage business (WMC), our U.S. recreational vehicle and marine equipment financing business (Consumer RV Marine), Consumer Mexico, Consumer Singapore, our Consumer home lending operations in Australia and New Zealand (Australian Home Lending), our Consumer mortgage business in Ireland (Consumer Ireland), our CLL trailer services business in Europe (CLL Trailer Services) and our Consumer banking business in Russia (Consumer Russia). Associated results of operations, financial position and cash flows are separately reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (114) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Summarized financial information for discontinued operations is shown below. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total revenues and other income (loss) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  186  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  191  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,074  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     before income taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (494) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (586) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (93) 
 
 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 
 
   
 
  155  
 
   
   
 
  198  
 
   
   
 
  100  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     net of taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (339) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (388) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Disposal 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Gain (loss) on disposal before income taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,027) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (792) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (329) 
 
 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 
 
   
 
  246  
 
   
   
 
  197  
 
   
   
 
  351  
 
 
 
 Gain (loss) on disposal, net of taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,781) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (595) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     net of taxes(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,120) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (983) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  29  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 The sum of GE industrial earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, and GECC earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, is reported as GE earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, on the Statement of Earnings. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  232  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  191  
 
 
 
 Financing receivables - net 
 
   
 
  711  
 
   
   
 
  793  
 
 
 
 Property, plant and equipment - net 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  706  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  1,390  
 
   
   
 
  1,625  
 
 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,339  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,315  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
 
      
 
   
   
 
      
 
 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  248  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  372  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  3,685  
 
   
   
 
  2,361  
 
 
 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,933  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,733  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Other assets at December 31, 2013 and 2012, primarily comprised a deferred tax asset for a loss carryforward, which expires principally in 2017 and in part in 2019, related to the sale of our GE Money Japan business. 

 
 

 GE Money Japan 

   

 
 
 During the third quarter of 2008, we completed the sale of GE Money Japan, which included our Japanese personal loan business. Under the terms of the sale, we reduced the proceeds from the sale for estimated refund claims in excess of the statutory interest rate. Proceeds from the sale were to be increased or decreased based on the actual claims experienced in accordance with loss-sharing terms specified in the sale agreement, with all claims in excess of 258 billion Japanese yen (approximately $3,000 million) remaining our responsibility. The underlying portfolio to which this obligation relates is in runoff status and interest rates were capped for all designated accounts by mid-2009. In the third quarter of 2010, we were required to begin making reimbursements under this arrangement. 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (115) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 Overall, excess interest refund claims activity has been difficult to predict and subject to several adverse factors, including the challenging global economic conditions over the last few years, the financial status of other Japanese personal lenders (including the 2010 bankruptcy of a large independent personal loan company), substantial ongoing legal advertising and consumer behavior. Since our disposition of the business, incoming claims have continued to decline; however, the pace and pattern of this decline are highly variable, difficult to predict and can have a significant effect on our estimate of this refund claims obligation. 

 
 

 The terms of the sale agreement provided us with a buyout option to extinguish this obligation at March 31, 2014, and on a biennial basis thereafter if we elected not to exercise our option in 2014. On February 26, 2014, we reached an agreement with the buyer in which we will pay 175 billion Japanese yen (approximately $1,700 million) to extinguish this obligation. 

 
 

 Our reserve for these refund claims increased from $700 million at December 31, 2012 to $1,836 million at December 31, 2013, as increases to the reserve of $1,645 million during 2013, including $1,440 million in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting the February 26, 2014 agreement, were partially offset by refund claims payments of $361 million and the effects of a strengthening U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen of $148 million. Our reserve at December 31, 2013 represents the estimated required reimbursements for refund claims through March 31, 2014 in accordance with the 2008 sale agreement and the amount provided for under the 2014 agreement with the buyer. 

 
 

 GE Money Japan earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(1,636) million, $(649) million and $(238) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 WMC 

   

 During the fourth quarter of 2007, we completed the sale of WMC, our U.S. mortgage business. WMC substantially discontinued all new loan originations by the second quarter of 2007, and is not a loan servicer. In connection with the sale, WMC retained certain representation and warranty obligations related to loans sold to third parties prior to the disposal of the business and contractual obligations to repurchase previously sold loans as to which there was an early payment default. All claims received by WMC for early payment default have either been resolved or are no longer being pursued. 

   

 Pending repurchase claims based upon representations and warranties made in connection with loan sales were $5,643 million at December 31, 2013, $5,357 million at December 31, 2012 and $705 million at December 31, 2011. Pending claims represent those active repurchase claims that identify the specific loans tendered for repurchase and, for each loan, the alleged breach of a representation or warranty. As such, they do not include unspecified repurchase claims, such as the Litigation Claims discussed below, or claims relating to breaches of representations that were made more than six years before WMC was notified of the claim. WMC believes that these repurchase claims do not meet the substantive and procedural requirements for tender under the governing agreements, would be disallowed in legal proceedings under applicable statutes of limitations or are otherwise invalid. The amounts reported in pending claims reflect the purchase price or unpaid principal balances of the loans at the time of purchase and do not give effect to pay downs, accrued interest or fees, or potential recoveries based upon the underlying collateral. In the fourth quarter of 2013, WMC entered into settlements that reduce its exposure on claims asserted in certain securitizations. Pending claim and Litigation Claim amounts reported herein reflect the impact of these settlements. Historically, a small percentage of the total loans WMC originated and sold have been treated as “validly tendered,” meaning the loan was subject to repurchase because there was a breach of a representation and warranty that materially and adversely affected the value of the loan, and the demanding party met all other procedural and substantive requirements for repurchase. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (116) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Reserves related to WMC pending and estimated future loan repurchase claims were $800 million at December 31, 2013, reflecting a net increase to reserves in the year ended December 31, 2013 of $167 million due to incremental claim activity and updates to WMC’s estimate of future losses. The amount of the reserve is based upon pending loan repurchase requests, WMC’s historical loss experience and evaluation of claim activity on loans tendered for repurchase. 

 
 

 The following table provides a roll forward of the reserve and pending repurchase claims. 

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
 
 Reserve 
 
   
   
   
 
 Pending claims 
 
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013 
 
   
   
 
 2012 
 
   
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013 
 
   
   
 
 2012 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
   
 $ 
 633 
   
   
 $ 
 143 
   
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
   
 $ 
 5,357 
   
   
 $ 
 705 
   
 
 
 Provision 
 
   
   
 354 
   
   
   
 500 
   
 
 New claims 
 
   
   
 1,259 
   
   
   
 4,838 
   
 
 
 Claim resolutions/ 

   rescissions 
 
   
   
 (187 
 ) 
   
   
 (10 
 ) 
 
 Claim resolutions/ 

   rescissions 
 
   
   
 (973 
 ) 
   
   
 (186 
 ) 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
   
 $ 
 800 
   
   
 $ 
 633 
   
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
   
 $ 
 5,643 
   
   
 $ 
 5,357 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Given the significant recent activity in pending claims and related litigation filed in connection with such claims, it is difficult to assess whether future losses will be consistent with WMC’s past experience. Adverse changes to WMC’s assumptions supporting the reserve for pending and estimated future loan repurchase claims may result in an increase to these reserves. For example, a 100% increase in the estimated loss rate on loans tendered (and assuming settlements at current demands), would result in an increase to the reserves of approximately $525 million. 
  

 As of December 31, 2013, there were 17 lawsuits involving claims made against WMC arising from alleged breaches of representations and warranties on mortgage loans included in 15 securitizations. Subsequent to December 31, 2013, three of these lawsuits were dismissed leaving 14 lawsuits remaining. WMC initiated one of the cases as the plaintiff; in the other cases WMC is a defendant. The adverse parties in these cases are securitization trustees or parties claiming to act on their behalf. In 12 of these lawsuits, the adverse parties seek compensatory or other relief for mortgage loans beyond those included in WMC’s previously discussed pending claims at December 31, 2013 (Litigation Claims). These Litigation Claims consist of sampling-based claims in two cases on approximately $600 million of mortgage loans and, in the other ten cases, claims for repurchase or damages based on the alleged failure to provide notice of defective loans, breach of a corporate representation and warranty, and/or non-specific claims for rescissionary damages on approximately $6,200 million of mortgage loans at December 31, 2013. The dismissal of a lawsuit subsequent to December 31, 2013 decreased the pending claims amount by $123 million and the Litigation Claims amount by $318 million. These claims reflect the purchase price or unpaid principal balances of the loans at the time of purchase and do not give effect to pay downs, accrued interest or fees, or potential recoveries based upon the underlying collateral. As noted above, WMC believes that the Litigation Claims conflict with the governing agreements and applicable law. As a result, WMC has not included the Litigation Claims in its pending claims or in its estimates of future loan repurchase requests and holds no related reserve as of December 31, 2013. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (117) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 At this point, WMC is unable to develop a meaningful estimate of reasonably possible loss in connection with the Litigation Claims described above due to a number of factors, including the extent to which courts will agree with the theories supporting the Litigation Claims. The case law on these issues is unsettled, and while several courts have supported some of the theories underlying WMC’s legal defenses, other courts have rejected them. There are a number of pending cases, including WMC cases, which, in the coming months, could provide more certainty regarding the legal status of these claims. An adverse court decision on any of the theories supporting the Litigation Claims could increase WMC’s exposure in some or all of the 14 lawsuits, result in a reclassification of some or all of the Litigation Claims to pending claims and provoke new claims and lawsuits on additional loans. However, WMC continues to believe that it has defenses to all the claims asserted in litigation, including, for example, causation and materiality requirements, limitations on remedies for breach of representations and warranties, and the applicable statutes of limitations. To the extent WMC is required to repurchase loans, WMC’s loss also would be affected by several factors, including pay downs, accrued interest and fees, and the value of the underlying collateral. It is not possible to predict the outcome or impact of these defenses and other factors, any one of which could materially affect the amount of any loss ultimately incurred by WMC on these claims. 

 
 

 WMC has received claims on approximately $2,200 million of mortgage loans after the expiration of the statute of limitations as of December 31, 2013, $1,700 million of which are also included as Litigation Claims. WMC has also received unspecified indemnification demands from depositors/underwriters/sponsors of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) in connection with lawsuits brought by RMBS investors concerning alleged misrepresentations in the securitization offering documents to which WMC is not a party. WMC believes that it has defenses to these demands. 

 
 

 The reserve estimates reflect judgment, based on currently available information, and a number of assumptions, including economic conditions, claim activity, pending and threatened litigation, indemnification demands, estimated repurchase rates, and other activity in the mortgage industry. Actual losses arising from claims against WMC could exceed the reserve amount and additional claims and lawsuits could result if actual claim rates, governmental actions, litigation and indemnification activity, adverse court decisions, settlement activity, actual repurchase rates or losses WMC incurs on repurchased loans differ from its assumptions. It is difficult to develop a meaningful estimate of aggregate possible claims exposure because of uncertainties surrounding economic conditions, the ability and propensity of mortgage loan holders to present and resolve valid claims, governmental actions, mortgage industry activity and litigation, court decisions affecting WMC’s defenses, and pending and threatened litigation and indemnification demands against WMC. 

 
 

 WMC revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were $(346) million, $(500) million and $(42) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In total, WMC’s earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(232) million, $(337) million and $(34) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Other Financial Services 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we announced the planned disposition of Consumer Russia and classified the business as discontinued operations. Consumer Russia revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were $260 million, $276 million and $280 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer Russia earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(193) million (including a $170 million loss on the planned disposal), $33 million and $87 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 In the first quarter of 2013, we announced the planned disposition of CLL Trailer Services and classified the business as discontinued operations. We completed the sale in the fourth quarter of 2013 for proceeds of $528 million. CLL Trailer Services revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were $271 million, $399 million and $464 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. CLL Trailer Services earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(2) million (including an $18 million gain on disposal), $22 million and $17 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (118) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 In the first quarter of 2012, we announced the planned disposition of Consumer Ireland and classified the business as discontinued operations. We completed the sale in the third quarter of 2012 for proceeds of $227 million. Consumer Ireland revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were an insignificant amount, $7 million and $13 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer Ireland earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $6 million, $(195) million (including a $121 million loss on disposal) and $(153) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 In the second quarter of 2011, we entered into an agreement to sell our Australian Home Lending operations and classified it as discontinued operations. As a result, we recognized an after-tax loss of $148 million in 2011. We completed the sale in the third quarter of 2011 for proceeds of approximately $4,577 million. Australian Home Lending revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were an insignificant amount, $4 million and $250 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Australian Home Lending earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $14 million, $6 million and $(65) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 In the first quarter of 2011, we entered into an agreement to sell our Consumer Singapore business for $692 million. The sale was completed in the second quarter of 2011. Consumer Singapore revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were $1 million, an insignificant amount and $30 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer Singapore earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $1 million, $2 million and $333 million (including a $319 million gain on disposal) in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 The Consumer RV Marine and Consumer Mexico dispositions were completed during the first quarter and the second quarter of 2011, respectively, for proceeds of $2,365 million and $1,943 million, respectively. Consumer RV Marine revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were an insignificant amount, $1 million and $11 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer RV Marine earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(1) million, an insignificant amount and $2 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer Mexico revenues and other income (loss) from discontinued operations were an insignificant amount, $2 million and $67 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consumer Mexico earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(11) million, $(12) million and $30 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 GE Industrial 

   

 GE industrial earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, were $(66) million, $147 million and $(1) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded an increase to our tax reserve related to Spanish taxes for the years prior to our 2007 disposition of our Plastics business. During the third quarter of 2012, we resolved with the Internal Revenue Service the tax treatment of the 2007 disposition of our Plastics business, resulting in a tax benefit of $148 million. The sum of GE industrial earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, and GECC earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, is reported as GE industrial earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, on the Statement of Earnings. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (119) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 3. INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

   

 Substantially all of our investment securities are classified as available-for-sale. These comprise mainly investment-grade debt securities supporting obligations to annuitants and policyholders in our run-off insurance operations and supporting obligations to holders of guaranteed investment contracts (GICs) in Trinity and investments held in our CLL business collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries. We do not have any securities classified as held-to-maturity. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 Amortized 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
   
 
 Amortized 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 cost 
 
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
 losses 
 
   
 
 fair value 
 
   
 
 cost 
 
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
 losses 
 
   
 
 fair value 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  21  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  35  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  39  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  39  
 
 
 
        Corporate - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
 
 
     Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  302  
 
   
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  (41) 
 
   
   
 
  270  
 
   
   
 
  26  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  26  
 
 
 
        Trading 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
 
   
   
 
  342  
 
   
   
 
  23  
 
   
   
 
  (42) 
 
   
   
 
  323  
 
   
   
 
  74  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  74  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        U.S. corporate 
 
   
 
  19,600  
 
   
   
 
  2,323  
 
   
   
 
  (217) 
 
   
   
 
  21,706  
 
   
   
 
  20,233  
 
   
   
 
  4,201  
 
   
   
 
  (302) 
 
   
   
 
  24,132  
 
 
 
        State and municipal 
 
   
 
  4,245  
 
   
   
 
  235  
 
   
   
 
  (191) 
 
   
   
 
  4,289  
 
   
   
 
  4,084  
 
   
   
 
  575  
 
   
   
 
  (113) 
 
   
   
 
  4,546  
 
 
 
        Residential mortgage- 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           backed (a) 
 
   
 
  1,819  
 
   
   
 
  139  
 
   
   
 
  (48) 
 
   
   
 
  1,910  
 
   
   
 
  2,198  
 
   
   
 
  183  
 
   
   
 
  (119) 
 
   
   
 
  2,262  
 
 
 
        Commercial mortgage- 

          backed 
 
   
 
  2,929  
 
   
   
 
  188  
 
   
   
 
  (82) 
 
   
   
 
  3,035  
 
   
   
 
  2,930  
 
   
   
 
  259  
 
   
   
 
  (95) 
 
   
   
 
  3,094  
 
 
 
        Asset-backed 
 
   
 
  7,373  
 
   
   
 
  60  
 
   
   
 
  (46) 
 
   
   
 
  7,387  
 
   
   
 
  5,784  
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
   
   
 
  (77) 
 
   
   
 
  5,738  
 
 
 
        Corporate - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  1,741  
 
   
   
 
  103  
 
   
   
 
  (86) 
 
   
   
 
  1,758  
 
   
   
 
  2,391  
 
   
   
 
  150  
 
   
   
 
  (126) 
 
   
   
 
  2,415  
 
 
 
        Government - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  2,336  
 
   
   
 
  81  
 
   
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  2,410  
 
   
   
 
  1,617  
 
   
   
 
  149  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  1,763  
 
 
 
        U.S. government and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
            federal agency 
 
   
 
  752  
 
   
   
 
  45  
 
   
   
 
  (27) 
 
   
   
 
  770  
 
   
   
 
  3,462  
 
   
   
 
  103  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,565  
 
 
 
     Retained interests 
 
   
 
  64  
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
   
   
 
  76  
 
   
   
 
  7  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  83  
 
 
 
     Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  203  
 
   
   
 
  51  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  251  
 
   
   
 
  513  
 
   
   
 
  86  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  596  
 
 
 
        Trading 
 
   
 
  74  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  74  
 
   
   
 
  245  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  245  
 
 
   
   
 
  41,136  
 
   
   
 
  3,233  
 
   
   
 
  (707) 
 
   
   
 
  43,662  
 
   
   
 
  43,533  
 
   
   
 
  5,744  
 
   
   
 
  (838) 
 
   
   
 
  48,439  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  41,474  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,256  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (749) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  43,981  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  43,604  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,744  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (838) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  48,510  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Substantially collateralized by U.S. mortgages. Of our total RMBS portfolio at December 31, 2013, $1,224 million relates to securities issued by government-sponsored entities and $686 million relates to securities of private label issuers. Securities issued by private label issuers are collateralized primarily by pools of individual direct mortgage loans of financial institutions. 
 
 
 

   

 The fair value of investment securities decreased to $43,981 million at December 31, 2013, from $48,510 million at December 31, 2012, primarily due to the sale of U.S. government and federal agency securities at our treasury operations and the impact of higher interest rates. 

 
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (120) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The following tables present the estimated fair values and gross unrealized losses of our available-for-sale investment securities. 
 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 In loss position for 
 
   
 
   
 
 Less than 12 months 
 
   
 
 12 months or more 
 
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 fair value 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 losses 
 
 
 (a)(b) 
 
 
 fair value 
 
   
 
 losses 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,170  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (122) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  598  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (95) 
 
   
 
 
     State and municipal 
 
   
 
  1,076  
 
   
   
 
  (82) 
 
   
   
 
  367  
 
   
   
 
  (109) 
 
   
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  232  
 
   
   
 
  (11) 
 
   
   
 
  430  
 
   
   
 
  (37) 
 
   
 
 
     Commercial mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  396  
 
   
   
 
  (24) 
 
   
   
 
  780  
 
   
   
 
  (58) 
 
   
 
 
     Asset-backed 
 
   
 
  112  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  359  
 
   
   
 
  (44) 
 
   
 
 
     Corporate - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  108  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  454  
 
   
   
 
  (83) 
 
   
 
 
     Government - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  1,479  
 
   
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  42  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
 
 
     U.S. government and federal agency 
 
   
 
  229  
 
   
   
 
  (27) 
 
   
   
 
  254  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Retained interests 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Equity 
 
   
 
  253  
 
   
   
 
  (44) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,057  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (322) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,284  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (427) 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  434  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (7) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  813  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (295) 
 
   
 
 
     State and municipal 
 
   
 
  146  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  326  
 
   
   
 
  (111) 
 
   
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  98  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  691  
 
   
   
 
  (118) 
 
   
 
 
     Commercial mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  37  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  979  
 
   
   
 
  (95) 
 
   
 
 
     Asset-backed 
 
   
 
  18  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  658  
 
   
   
 
  (76) 
 
   
 
 
     Corporate - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  167  
 
   
   
 
  (8) 
 
   
   
 
  602  
 
   
   
 
  (118) 
 
   
 
 
     Government - non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  201  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  37  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
 
 
     U.S. government and federal agency 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Retained interests 
 
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Equity 
 
   
 
  26  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,130  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (23) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,106  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (815) 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 The December 31, 2013 table includes the estimated fair value of and gross unrealized losses on Corporate-non-U.S. and Equity securities held by GE. The estimated fair value of and gross unrealized losses on Corporate-non-U.S. securities held by GE were $12 million and $(1) million, respectively. The estimated fair value of and gross unrealized losses on Equity securities held by GE were $222 million and $(41) million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Includes gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2013 of $(99) million related to securities that had other-than-temporary impairments previously recognized. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 We regularly review investment securities for impairment using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. We presently do not intend to sell the vast majority of our debt securities that are in an unrealized loss position and believe that it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of our amortized cost. We believe that the unrealized loss associated with our equity securities will be recovered within the foreseeable future. 

 
 

 Substantially all of our U.S. corporate debt securities are rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. We evaluate U.S. corporate debt securities based on a variety of factors, such as the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer is in compliance with the terms and covenants of the security. In the event a U.S. corporate debt security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, we isolate the credit portion of the impairment by comparing the present value of our expectation of cash flows to the amortized cost of the security. We discount the cash flows using the original effective interest rate of the security. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (121) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The vast majority of our RMBS have investment-grade credit ratings from the major rating agencies and are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals. Of our total RMBS at December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately $378 million and $471 million, respectively, relate to residential subprime credit, primarily supporting our guaranteed investment contracts. These are collateralized primarily by pools of individual, direct mortgage loans (a majority of which were originated in 2006 and 2005), not other structured products such as collateralized debt obligations. In addition, of the total residential subprime credit exposure at December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately $285 million and $219 million, respectively, was insured by Monoline insurers (Monolines) on which we continue to place reliance. 

 
 

 Our commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) portfolio is collateralized by both diversified pools of mortgages that were originated for securitization (conduit CMBS) and pools of large loans backed by high-quality properties (large loan CMBS), a majority of which were originated in 2007 and 2006. The vast majority of the securities in our CMBS portfolio have investment-grade credit ratings and are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals. 

 
 

 Our asset-backed securities (ABS) portfolio is collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries, as well as a variety of diversified pools of assets such as student loans and credit cards. The vast majority of our ABS are in a senior position in the capital structure of the deals. In addition, substantially all of the securities that are below investment-grade are in an unrealized gain position. 

 
 

 For ABS and RMBS, we estimate the portion of loss attributable to credit using a discounted cash flow model that considers estimates of cash flows generated from the underlying collateral. Estimates of cash flows consider credit risk, interest rate and prepayment assumptions that incorporate management’s best estimate of key assumptions of the underlying collateral, including default rates, loss severity and prepayment rates. For CMBS, we estimate the portion of loss attributable to credit by evaluating potential losses on each of the underlying loans in the security. Collateral cash flows are considered in the context of our position in the capital structure of the deals. Assumptions can vary widely depending upon the collateral type, geographic concentrations and vintage. 

 
 

 If there has been an adverse change in cash flows for RMBS, management considers credit enhancements such as monoline insurance (which are features of a specific security). In evaluating the overall credit worthiness of the Monoline, we use an analysis that is similar to the approach we use for corporate bonds, including an evaluation of the sufficiency of the Monoline’s cash reserves and capital, ratings activity, whether the Monoline is in default or default appears imminent, and the potential for intervention by an insurance or other regulator. 

 
 

 During 2013, we recorded pre-tax, other-than-temporary impairments of $798 million, of which $767 million was recorded through earnings ($15 million relates to equity securities) and $31 million was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). At January 1, 2013, cumulative impairments recognized in earnings associated with debt securities still held were $588 million. During 2013, we recognized first-time impairments of $389 million and incremental charges on previously impaired securities of $336 million. Of these cumulative amounts recognized through December 31, 2013, $120 million related to securities that were subsequently sold before the end of 2013. 

 
 

 During 2012, we recorded pre-tax, other-than-temporary impairments of $193 million, of which $141 million was recorded through earnings ($39 million relates to equity securities) and $52 million was recorded in AOCI. At January 1, 2012, cumulative impairments recognized in earnings associated with debt securities still held were $726 million. During 2012, we recognized first-time impairments of $27 million and incremental charges on previously impaired securities of $40 million. Of these cumulative amounts recognized through December 31, 2012, $219 million related to securities that were subsequently sold before the end of 2012. 

 
 

 During 2011, we recorded pre-tax, other-than-temporary impairments of $467 million, of which $387 million was recorded through earnings ($81 million relates to equity securities) and $80 million was recorded in AOCI. At January 1, 2011, cumulative impairments recognized in earnings associated with debt securities still held were $500 million. During 2011, we recognized first-time impairments of $58 million and incremental charges on previously impaired securities of $230 million. Of these cumulative amounts recognized through December 31, 2011, $62 million related to securities that were subsequently sold before the end of 2011. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (122) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Contractual Maturities of Investment in Available-for-Sale Debt Securities (Excluding Mortgage-Backed 
 
 
 
 and Asset-Backed Securities) 
 
 
   
 
 Amortized 
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 cost 
 
   
 
 fair value 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Due 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Within one year 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,397  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,417  
 
 
 
    After one year through five years 
 
   
 
  3,303  
 
   
   
 
  3,506  
 
 
 
     After five years through ten years 
 
   
 
  4,984  
 
   
   
 
  5,156  
 
 
 
    After ten years 
 
   
 
  18,024  
 
   
   
 
  19,901  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 We expect actual maturities to differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 

 
 

 Supplemental information about gross realized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities follows. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions)  
 
   
 
 2013 
 
   
   
 
 2012 
 
   
   
 
 2011 
 
   
 
 
     
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE  
 
   
 
   
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 Gains  
 
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
 
 
 Losses, including impairments  
 
   
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
   
 - 
   
 
 
 Net  
 
   
   
 (19 
 ) 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
   
 - 
   
 
 
 GECC  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Gains  
 
   
   
 239 
   
   
   
 177 
   
   
   
 205 
   
 
 
 Losses, including impairments  
 
   
   
 (762 
 ) 
   
   
 (211 
 ) 
   
   
 (402 
 ) 
 
 
 Net  
 
   
   
 (523 
 ) 
   
   
 (34 
 ) 
   
   
 (197 
 ) 
 
 
 Total  
 
   
 $ 
 (542 
 ) 
   
 $ 
 (35 
 ) 
   
 $ 
 (197 
 ) 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Although we generally do not have the intent to sell any specific securities at the end of the period, in the ordinary course of managing our investment securities portfolio, we may sell securities prior to their maturities for a variety of reasons, including diversification, credit quality, yield and liquidity requirements and the funding of claims and obligations to policyholders. In some of our bank subsidiaries, we maintain a certain level of purchases and sales volume principally of non-U.S. government debt securities. In these situations, fair value approximates carrying value for these securities. 

 
 

 Proceeds from investment securities sales and early redemptions by issuers totaled $19,276 million, $12,745 million and $15,606 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, principally from the sale of Comcast guaranteed debt and short-term securities in our bank subsidiaries and treasury operations. 

 
 

 We recognized pre-tax gains on trading securities of $48 million, $20 million and $22 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (123) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 4. CURRENT RECEIVABLES 

   

   

 
 
 
 
     
 
   
 
 Consolidated(a)  
 
   
   
 
 GE(b)  
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions)  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,895  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,977  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,335  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,700  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas  
 
   
 
  5,444  
 
   
   
 
  4,656  
 
   
   
 
  3,134  
 
   
   
 
  1,872  
 
 
 
 Energy Management  
 
   
 
  1,540  
 
   
   
 
  1,600  
 
   
   
 
  686  
 
   
   
 
  800  
 
 
 
 Aviation  
 
   
 
  4,307  
 
   
   
 
  4,756  
 
   
   
 
  2,260  
 
   
   
 
  2,493  
 
 
 
 Healthcare  
 
   
 
  4,398  
 
   
   
 
  4,253  
 
   
   
 
  2,029  
 
   
   
 
  2,012  
 
 
 
 Transportation  
 
   
 
  526  
 
   
   
 
  485  
 
   
   
 
  318  
 
   
   
 
  324  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting  
 
   
 
  1,337  
 
   
   
 
  1,286  
 
   
   
 
  273  
 
   
   
 
  186  
 
 
 
 Corporate items & eliminations  
 
   
 
  388  
 
   
   
 
  351  
 
   
   
 
  377  
 
   
   
 
  343  
 
 
   
   
 
  21,835  
 
   
   
 
  20,364  
 
   
   
 
  11,412  
 
   
   
 
  9,730  
 
 
 
 Less Allowance for Losses  
 
   
 
  (447) 
 
   
   
 
  (462) 
 
   
   
 
  (442) 
 
   
   
 
  (456) 
 
 
 
 Total  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  21,388  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  19,902  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  10,970  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,274  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included GE industrial customer receivables factored through a GECC affiliate and reported as financing receivables by GECC. See Note 26. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 GE current receivables balances at December 31, 2013 and 2012, before allowance for losses, included $7,441 million and $6,283 million, respectively, from sales of goods and services to customers, and $37 million and $70 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, from transactions with associated companies. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 GE current receivables of $127 million and $114 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, arose from sales, principally of Aviation goods and services, on open account to various agencies of the U.S. government. As a percentage of GE revenues, approximately 4% of GE sales of goods and services were to the U.S. government in 2013, 2012 and 2011. 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 5. INVENTORIES 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Raw materials and work in process 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  10,220  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,295  
 
 
 
 Finished goods 
 
   
 
  6,726  
 
   
   
 
  6,020  
 
 
 
 Unbilled shipments 
 
   
 
  584  
 
   
   
 
  378  
 
 
   
   
 
  17,530  
 
   
   
 
  15,693  
 
 
 
 Less revaluation to LIFO 
 
   
 
  (273) 
 
   
   
 
  (398) 
 
 
   
   
 
  17,257  
 
   
   
 
  15,295  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Finished goods 
 
   
 
  68  
 
   
   
 
  79  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,325  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,374  
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (124) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 6. GECC FINANCING RECEIVABLES, ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON FINANCING RECEIVABLES AND SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION ON CREDIT QUALITY 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Loans, net of deferred income(a)  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  231,268  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 240,634  
 
 
 
 Investment in financing leases, net of deferred income  
 
   
 
  26,939  
 
   
   
 
 32,471  
 
 
 
     
 
   
 
  258,207  
 
   
   
 
 273,105  
 
 
 
 Less allowance for losses   
 
   
 
  (5,178) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,944) 
 
 
 
 Financing receivables - net(b)  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  253,029  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 268,161  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Deferred income was $2,013 million and $2,184 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Financing receivables at December 31, 2013 and 2012 included $544 million and $750 million, respectively, relating to loans that had been acquired in a transfer but have been subject to credit deterioration since origination. 
 
 
 

   
 

   

 GECC financing receivables include both loans and financing leases. Loans represent transactions in a variety of forms, including revolving charge and credit, mortgages, installment loans, intermediate-term loans and revolving loans secured by business assets. The portfolio includes loans carried at the principal amount on which finance charges are billed periodically, and loans carried at gross book value, which includes finance charges. 

   

 Investment in financing leases consists of direct financing and leveraged leases of aircraft, railroad rolling stock, autos, other transportation equipment, data processing equipment, medical equipment, commercial real estate and other manufacturing, power generation, and commercial equipment and facilities. 

   

 For federal income tax purposes, the leveraged leases and the majority of the direct financing leases are leases in which GECC depreciates the leased assets and is taxed upon the accrual of rental income. Certain direct financing leases are loans for federal income tax purposes. For these transactions, GECC is taxed only on the portion of each payment that constitutes interest, unless the interest is tax-exempt (e.g., certain obligations of state governments). 

   

 Investment in direct financing and leveraged leases represents net unpaid rentals and estimated unguaranteed residual values of leased equipment, less related deferred income. GECC has no general obligation for principal and interest on notes and other instruments representing third-party participation related to leveraged leases; such notes and other instruments have not been included in liabilities but have been offset against the related rentals receivable. The GECC share of rentals receivable on leveraged leases is subordinate to the share of other participants who also have security interests in the leased equipment. For federal income tax purposes, GECC is entitled to deduct the interest expense accruing on non-recourse financing related to leveraged leases. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (125) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Net Investment in Financing Leases 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Total financing leases 
 
   
 
 Direct financing leases(a) 
 
   
 
 Leveraged leases(b) 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total minimum lease payments receivable 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 29,970  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 36,451  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,571  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 29,416  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,399  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 7,035  
 
 
 
   Less principal and interest on third-party 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      non-recourse debt 
 
   
 
 (3,480) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,662) 
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 (3,480) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,662) 
 
 
 
 Net rentals receivables 
 
   
 
  26,490  
 
   
   
 
  31,789  
 
   
   
 
  24,571  
 
   
   
 
  29,416  
 
   
   
 
  1,919  
 
   
   
 
  2,373  
 
 
 
 Estimated unguaranteed residual value 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       of leased assets 
 
   
 
 5,073  
 
   
   
 
 6,346  
 
   
   
 
 3,067  
 
   
   
 
 4,272  
 
   
   
 
 2,006  
 
   
   
 
 2,074  
 
 
 
 Less deferred income 
 
   
 
 (4,624) 
 
   
   
 
 (5,664) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,560) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,453) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,064) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,211) 
 
 
 
 Investment in financing leases, net of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      deferred income 
 
   
 
 26,939  
 
   
   
 
 32,471  
 
   
   
 
 24,078  
 
   
   
 
 29,235  
 
   
   
 
 2,861  
 
   
   
 
 3,236  
 
 
 
 Less amounts to arrive at net investment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Allowance for losses 
 
   
 
 (202) 
 
   
   
 
 (198) 
 
   
   
 
 (192) 
 
   
   
 
 (193) 
 
   
   
 
 (10) 
 
   
   
 
 (5) 
 
 
 
      Deferred taxes 
 
   
 
  (4,075) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,506) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,783) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,245) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,292) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,261) 
 
 
 
 Net investment in financing leases 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  22,662  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  27,767  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22,103  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  26,797  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  559  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  970  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included $317 million and $330 million of initial direct costs on direct financing leases at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included pre-tax income of $31 million and $81 million and income tax of $11 million and $32 million during 2013 and 2012, respectively. Net investment credits recognized on leveraged leases during 2013 and 2012 were insignificant. 
 
 
 

   

   

 Contractual Maturities 
 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Total 
 
   
 
 Net rentals 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 loans 
 
   
 
 receivable 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Due in 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      2014 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  54,971  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,184  
 
 
 
      2015 
 
   
 
  19,270  
 
   
   
 
  6,114  
 
 
 
      2016 
 
   
 
  19,619  
 
   
   
 
  4,209  
 
 
 
      2017 
 
   
 
  17,281  
 
   
   
 
  2,733  
 
 
 
      2018 
 
   
 
  14,714  
 
   
   
 
  1,798  
 
 
 
      2019 and later 
 
   
 
  43,121  
 
   
   
 
  3,452  
 
 
   
   
 
  168,976  
 
   
   
 
  26,490  
 
 
 
      Consumer revolving loans 
 
   
 
  62,292  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  231,268  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  26,490  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 We expect actual maturities to differ from contractual maturities. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (126) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The following tables provide additional information about our financing receivables and related activity in the allowance for losses for our Commercial, Real Estate and Consumer portfolios. 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  68,585  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 72,517  
 
 
 
    Europe (a) 
 
   
 
  37,962  
 
   
   
 
 37,037  
 
 
 
    Asia 
 
   
 
  9,469  
 
   
   
 
 11,401  
 
 
 
    Other (a) 
 
   
 
  451  
 
   
   
 
 603  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  116,467  
 
   
   
 
 121,558  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  3,107  
 
   
   
 
 4,851  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) 
 
   
 
  9,377  
 
   
   
 
 10,915  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  318  
 
   
   
 
 486  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
   
 
  129,269  
 
   
   
 
 137,810  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
  19,899  
 
   
   
 
 20,946  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. residential mortgages 
 
   
 
  30,501  
 
   
   
 
 33,350  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
  13,677  
 
   
   
 
 17,816  
 
 
 
    U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
  55,854  
 
   
   
 
 50,853  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
  2,054  
 
   
   
 
 4,260  
 
 
 
    Other 
 
   
 
  6,953  
 
   
   
 
 8,070  
 
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
   
 
  109,039  
 
   
   
 
 114,349  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total financing receivables 
 
   
 
  258,207  
 
   
   
 
 273,105  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Less allowance for losses 
 
   
 
  (5,178) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,944) 
 
 
 
 Total financing receivables – net 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  253,029  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 268,161  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 During 2013, we transferred our European equipment services portfolio from CLL Other to CLL Europe. Prior-period amounts were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (127) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 
 

 
 

 Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
   
 
 Provision 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Balance at 
 
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 charged to 
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 operations 
 
   
 
 Other 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 write-offs 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Recoveries 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 2013  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 490  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  292  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (422) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  114  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  473  
 
 
 
    Europe 
 
   
 
 445  
 
   
   
 
  321  
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
  (441) 
 
   
   
 
  78  
 
   
   
 
  415  
 
 
 
    Asia 
 
   
 
 80  
 
   
   
 
  124  
 
   
   
 
  (11) 
 
   
   
 
  (115) 
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
  90  
 
 
 
    Other 
 
   
 
 6  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
 1,021  
 
   
   
 
  734  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (981) 
 
   
   
 
  204  
 
   
   
 
  978  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Services 
 
   
 
 9  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
 8  
 
   
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  17  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
   
 
 1,041  
 
   
   
 
  741  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (983) 
 
   
   
 
  206  
 
   
   
 
  1,005  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
 320  
 
   
   
 
  28  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  (163) 
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  192  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. residential mortgages 
 
   
 
 480  
 
   
   
 
  269  
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  (458) 
 
   
   
 
  57  
 
   
   
 
  358  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. installment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       and revolving credit 
 
   
 
 582  
 
   
   
 
  589  
 
   
   
 
  (93) 
 
   
   
 
  (967) 
 
   
   
 
  483  
 
   
   
 
  594  
 
 
 
    U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
 2,282  
 
   
   
 
  3,006  
 
   
   
 
  (51) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,954) 
 
   
   
 
  540  
 
   
   
 
  2,823  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
 67  
 
   
   
 
  58  
 
   
   
 
  (13) 
 
   
   
 
  (126) 
 
   
   
 
  70  
 
   
   
 
  56  
 
 
 
    Other 
 
   
 
 172  
 
   
   
 
  127  
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  (236) 
 
   
   
 
  76  
 
   
   
 
  150  
 
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
   
 
 3,583  
 
   
   
 
  4,049  
 
   
   
 
  (136) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,741) 
 
   
   
 
  1,226  
 
   
   
 
  3,981  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,944  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,818  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (140) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (5,887) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,443  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,178  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Other primarily included dispositions and the effects of currency exchange. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Net write-offs (gross write-offs less recoveries) in certain portfolios may exceed the beginning allowance for losses as a result of losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of the fiscal year due to information becoming available during the current year, which may identify further deterioration on existing financing receivables.  
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (128) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 

   
 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Balance at  
 
   
 
 Provision  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Balance at  
 
 
   
 
 January 1,  
 
   
 
 charged to  
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross  
 
   
   
   
 
 December 31,  
 
 
 
 (In millions)  
 
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 operations  
 
   
 
 Other  
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 write-offs  
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Recoveries  
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Americas  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 889  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 109  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (51) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (568) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 111  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 490  
 
 
 
    Europe  
 
   
 
 400  
 
   
   
 
 374  
 
   
   
 
 (3) 
 
   
   
 
 (390) 
 
   
   
 
 64  
 
   
   
 
 445  
 
 
 
    Asia  
 
   
 
 157  
 
   
   
 
 37  
 
   
   
 
 (3) 
 
   
   
 
 (134) 
 
   
   
 
 23  
 
   
   
 
 80  
 
 
 
    Other  
 
   
 
 4  
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
   
   
 
 (1) 
 
   
   
 
 (10) 
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 6  
 
 
 
 Total CLL  
 
   
 
 1,450  
 
   
   
 
 533  
 
   
   
 
 (58) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,102) 
 
   
   
 
 198  
 
   
   
 
 1,021  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Services  
 
   
 
 26  
 
   
   
 
 4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 (24) 
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
 9  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS  
 
   
 
 17  
 
   
   
 
 4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 (13) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other  
 
   
 
 37  
 
   
   
 
 1  
 
   
   
 
 (20) 
 
   
   
 
 (17) 
 
   
   
 
 2  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial  
 
   
 
 1,530  
 
   
   
 
 542  
 
   
   
 
 (78) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,156) 
 
   
   
 
 203  
 
   
   
 
 1,041  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate  
 
   
 
 1,089  
 
   
   
 
 72  
 
   
   
 
 (44) 
 
   
   
 
 (810) 
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
   
   
 
 320  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Non-U.S. residential mortgages  
 
   
 
 545  
 
   
   
 
 112  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
   
   
 
 (261) 
 
   
   
 
 76  
 
   
   
 
 480  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. installment   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        and revolving credit  
 
   
 
 690  
 
   
   
 
 290  
 
   
   
 
 24  
 
   
   
 
 (974) 
 
   
   
 
 552  
 
   
   
 
 582  
 
 
 
     U.S. installment and revolving credit  
 
   
 
 2,008  
 
   
   
 
 2,666  
 
   
   
 
 (24) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,906) 
 
   
   
 
 538  
 
   
   
 
 2,282  
 
 
 
    Non-U.S. auto  
 
   
 
 101  
 
   
   
 
 18  
 
   
   
 
 (4) 
 
   
   
 
 (146) 
 
   
   
 
 98  
 
   
   
 
 67  
 
 
 
    Other  
 
   
 
 199  
 
   
   
 
 132  
 
   
   
 
 18  
 
   
   
 
 (257) 
 
   
   
 
 80  
 
   
   
 
 172  
 
 
 
 Total Consumer  
 
   
 
 3,543  
 
   
   
 
 3,218  
 
   
   
 
 22  
 
   
   
 
 (4,544) 
 
   
   
 
 1,344  
 
   
   
 
 3,583  
 
 
 
 Total  
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 6,162  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,832  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (100) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (6,510) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,560  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,944  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Other primarily included transfers to held-for-sale and the effects of currency exchange. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Net write-offs (gross write-offs less recoveries) in certain portfolios may exceed the beginning allowance for losses as a result of losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of the fiscal year due to information becoming available during the current year, which may identify further deterioration on existing financing receivables. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (129) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 

   
 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
   
 
 Provision 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Balance at 
 
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 charged to 
 
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2011 
 
   
 
 operations 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 write-offs 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Recoveries 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 2011 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,288  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 281  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (96) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (700) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 116  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 889  
 
 
 
 Europe 
 
   
 
 429  
 
   
   
 
 195  
 
   
   
 
 (5) 
 
   
   
 
 (286) 
 
   
   
 
 67  
 
   
   
 
 400  
 
 
 
 Asia 
 
   
 
 222  
 
   
   
 
 105  
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
   
   
 
 (214) 
 
   
   
 
 31  
 
   
   
 
 157  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 6  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
 (3) 
 
   
   
 
 (2) 
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 4  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
 1,945  
 
   
   
 
 584  
 
   
   
 
 (91) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,202) 
 
   
   
 
 214  
 
   
   
 
 1,450  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Services 
 
   
 
 22  
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 (1) 
 
   
   
 
 (4) 
 
   
   
 
 9  
 
   
   
 
 26  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
 20  
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 (3) 
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 17  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 58  
 
   
   
 
 23  
 
   
   
 
 –  
 
   
   
 
 (47) 
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
 37  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
   
 
 2,045  
 
   
   
 
 607  
 
   
   
 
 (92) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,256) 
 
   
   
 
 226  
 
   
   
 
 1,530  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
 1,488  
 
   
   
 
 324  
 
   
   
 
 2  
 
   
   
 
 (747) 
 
   
   
 
 22  
 
   
   
 
 1,089  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. residential 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     mortgages 
 
   
 
 688  
 
   
   
 
 116  
 
   
   
 
 (13) 
 
   
   
 
 (295) 
 
   
   
 
 49  
 
   
   
 
 545  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. installment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and revolving credit 
 
   
 
 898  
 
   
   
 
 470  
 
   
   
 
 (29) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,198) 
 
   
   
 
 549  
 
   
   
 
 690  
 
 
 
 U.S. installment and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     revolving credit 
 
   
 
 2,333  
 
   
   
 
 2,241  
 
   
   
 
 1  
 
   
   
 
 (3,095) 
 
   
   
 
 528  
 
   
   
 
 2,008  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
 168  
 
   
   
 
 30  
 
   
   
 
 (4) 
 
   
   
 
 (216) 
 
   
   
 
 123  
 
   
   
 
 101  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 259  
 
   
   
 
 142  
 
   
   
 
 (20) 
 
   
   
 
 (272) 
 
   
   
 
 90  
 
   
   
 
 199  
 
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
   
 
 4,346  
 
   
   
 
 2,999  
 
   
   
 
 (65) 
 
   
   
 
 (5,076) 
 
   
   
 
 1,339  
 
   
   
 
 3,543  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 7,879  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,930  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (155) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (7,079) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,587  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 6,162  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included a provision of $77 million at Consumer related to the July 1, 2011 adoption of ASU 2011-02. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Other primarily included transfers to held-for-sale and the effects of currency exchange. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Net write-offs (gross write-offs less recoveries) in certain portfolios may exceed the beginning allowance for losses as a result of losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of the fiscal year due to information becoming available during the current year, which may identify further deterioration on existing financing receivables. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (130) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Credit Quality Indicators 

   

 We provide further detailed information about the credit quality of our Commercial, Real Estate and Consumer financing receivables portfolios. For each portfolio, we describe the characteristics of the financing receivables and provide information about collateral, payment performance, credit quality indicators, and impairment. We manage these portfolios using delinquency and nonearning data as key performance indicators. The categories used within this section such as impaired loans, TDR and nonaccrual financing receivables are defined by the authoritative guidance and we base our categorization on the related scope and definitions contained in the related standards. The categories of nonearning and delinquent are defined by us and are used in our process for managing our financing receivables. Definitions of these categories are provided in Note 1. 

   

 Past Due Financing Receivables 

   

 The following tables display payment performance of Commercial, Real Estate, and Consumer financing receivables. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
 
 Over 30 days 
 
   
 
 Over 90 days 
 
   
 
 Over 30 days 
 
   
 
 Over 90 days 
 
   
 
 
 December 31 
 
 
 past due 
 
   
 
 past due(a) 
 
   
 
 past due 
 
   
 
 past due 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
  1.1  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  0.5  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  1.1  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  0.5  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
     Europe 
 
 
  3.8  
 
   
 
  2.1  
 
   
 
  3.7  
 
   
 
  2.1  
 
   
 
 
     Asia 
 
 
  0.5  
 
   
 
  0.3  
 
   
 
  0.9  
 
   
 
  0.6  
 
   
 
 
     Other 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  0.1  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
 
  1.9  
 
   
 
  1.0  
 
   
 
  1.9  
 
   
 
  1.0  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
  0.1  
 
   
 
  0.1  
 
   
 
  2.8  
 
   
 
  2.8  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
 
  1.7  
 
   
 
  0.9  
 
   
 
  1.7  
 
   
 
  0.9  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 
  1.2  
 
   
 
  1.1  
 
   
 
  2.3  
 
   
 
  2.2  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. residential mortgages(b) 
 
 
  11.2  
 
   
 
  6.9  
 
   
 
  12.0  
 
   
 
  7.5  
 
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
 
  3.7  
 
   
 
  1.1  
 
   
 
  3.8  
 
   
 
  1.1  
 
   
 
 
    U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
 
  4.4  
 
   
 
  2.0  
 
   
 
  4.6  
 
   
 
  2.0  
 
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. auto 
 
 
  4.4  
 
   
 
  0.7  
 
   
 
  3.1  
 
   
 
  0.5  
 
   
 
 
    Other 
 
 
  2.5  
 
   
 
  1.4  
 
   
 
  2.8  
 
   
 
  1.7  
 
   
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
 
  6.1  
 
   
 
  3.2  
 
   
 
  6.5  
 
   
 
  3.4  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
  3.5  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  1.9  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  3.7  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  2.1  
 
 
 % 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included $1,197 million of Consumer loans at December 31, 2013, which are over 90 days past due and continue to accrue interest until the accounts are written off in the period that the account becomes 180 days past due. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Consumer loans secured by residential real estate (both revolving and closed-end loans) are written down to the fair value of collateral, less costs to sell, no later than when they become 180 days past due. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (131) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Nonaccrual Financing Receivables 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Nonaccrual financing 
 
   
 
 Nonearning financing 
 
   
 
   
 
 receivables(a) 
 
   
 
 receivables(a) 
 
   
 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,275  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,951  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,243  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,333  
 
   
 
 
     Europe 
 
   
 
  1,046  
 
   
   
 
  1,740  
 
   
   
 
  1,046  
 
   
   
 
  1,299  
 
   
 
 
     Asia 
 
   
 
  413  
 
   
   
 
  395  
 
   
   
 
  413  
 
   
   
 
  193  
 
   
 
 
     Other 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  52  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  52  
 
   
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  2,734  
 
   
   
 
  4,138  
 
   
   
 
  2,702  
 
   
   
 
  2,877  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  25  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
 
 
 Total Commercial 
 
   
 
  2,744  
 
 
 (b) 
 
   
 
  4,166  
 
 
 (b) 
 
   
 
  2,712  
 
   
   
 
  2,890  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
  2,551  
 
 
 (c) 
 
   
 
  4,885  
 
 
 (c) 
 
   
 
  2,301  
 
   
   
 
  444  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Non-U.S. residential mortgages 
 
   
 
  2,161  
 
   
   
 
  2,598  
 
   
   
 
  1,766  
 
   
   
 
  2,567  
 
   
 
 
     Non-U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
  88  
 
   
   
 
  213  
 
   
   
 
  88  
 
   
   
 
  213  
 
   
 
 
     U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  1,026  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  1,026  
 
   
 
 
     Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
  18  
 
   
   
 
  24  
 
   
   
 
  18  
 
   
   
 
  24  
 
   
 
 
    Other 
 
   
 
  351  
 
   
   
 
  427  
 
   
   
 
  345  
 
   
   
 
  351  
 
   
 
 
 Total Consumer 
 
   
 
  2,620  
 
 
 (d) 
 
   
 
  4,288  
 
 
 (d) 
 
   
 
  2,219  
 
   
   
 
  4,181  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,915  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,339  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,232  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,515  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Allowance for losses percentage 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
 
  36.6  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  25.0  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  37.1  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  36.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
 
  7.5  
 
   
   
 
  6.6  
 
   
   
 
  8.3  
 
   
   
 
  72.1  
 
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
 
  151.9  
 
   
   
 
  83.6  
 
   
   
 
  179.4  
 
   
   
 
  85.7  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
   
 
  65.4  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  37.1  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  71.6  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
  65.8  
 
 
 % 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised our methods for classifying financing receivables as nonaccrual and nonearning to more closely align with regulatory guidance. Given that the revised methods result in nonaccrual and nonearning amounts that are substantially the same, we plan to discontinue the reporting of nonearning financing receivables in the first quarter of 2014. Further information on our nonaccrual and nonearning financing receivables is provided in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included $1,397 million and $2,647 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, that are currently paying in accordance with their contractual terms. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included $2,308 million and $4,461 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, that are currently paying in accordance with their contractual terms. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Included $527 million and $734 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, that are currently paying in accordance with their contractual terms. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (132) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 

   
 
 

 Impaired Loans 

   

 The following tables provide information about loans classified as impaired and specific reserves related to Commercial, Real Estate and Consumer . 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 With no specific allowance 
 
   
 
 With a specific allowance 
 
 
   
 
 Recorded 
 
   
 
 Unpaid 
 
   
 
 Average 
 
   
 
 Recorded 
 
   
 
 Unpaid 
 
   
   
   
 
 Average 
 
 
   
 
 investment 
 
   
 
 principal 
 
   
 
 investment in 
 
   
 
 investment 
 
   
 
 principal 
 
   
 
 Associated 
 
   
 
 investment 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 in loans 
 
   
 
 balance 
 
   
 
 loans 
 
   
 
 in loans 
 
   
 
 balance 
 
   
 
 allowance 
 
   
 
 in loans 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,670  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,187  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,154  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  417  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  505  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  96  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  497  
 
 
 
     Europe 
 
   
 
  802  
 
   
   
 
  1,589  
 
   
   
 
  956  
 
   
   
 
  580  
 
   
   
 
  921  
 
   
   
 
  211  
 
   
   
 
  536  
 
 
 
     Asia 
 
   
 
  302  
 
   
   
 
  349  
 
   
   
 
  180  
 
   
   
 
  111  
 
   
   
 
  125  
 
   
   
 
  20  
 
   
   
 
  93  
 
 
 
     Other 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  2,774  
 
   
   
 
  4,125  
 
   
   
 
  3,290  
 
   
   
 
  1,108  
 
   
   
 
  1,551  
 
   
   
 
  327  
 
   
   
 
  1,138  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial(a) 
 
   
 
  2,776  
 
   
   
 
  4,128  
 
   
   
 
  3,299  
 
   
   
 
  1,116  
 
   
   
 
  1,559  
 
   
   
 
  328  
 
   
   
 
  1,146  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate(b) 
 
   
 
  2,615  
 
   
   
 
  3,036  
 
   
   
 
  3,058  
 
   
   
 
  1,245  
 
   
   
 
  1,507  
 
   
   
 
  74  
 
   
   
 
  1,688  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer(c) 
 
   
 
  109  
 
   
   
 
  153  
 
   
   
 
  98  
 
   
   
 
  2,879  
 
   
   
 
  2,948  
 
   
   
 
  567  
 
   
   
 
  3,058  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,500  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,317  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,455  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,240  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,014  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  969  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,892  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,487  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,927  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,535  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  557  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  681  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  178  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  987  
 
 
 
     Europe 
 
   
 
  1,131  
 
   
   
 
  1,901  
 
   
   
 
  1,009  
 
   
   
 
  643  
 
   
   
 
  978  
 
   
   
 
  278  
 
   
   
 
  805  
 
 
 
     Asia 
 
   
 
  62  
 
   
   
 
  64  
 
   
   
 
  62  
 
   
   
 
  109  
 
   
   
 
  120  
 
   
   
 
  23  
 
   
   
 
  134  
 
 
 
     Other 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  43  
 
   
   
 
  52  
 
   
   
 
  68  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  3,680  
 
   
   
 
  4,892  
 
   
   
 
  3,649  
 
   
   
 
  1,361  
 
   
   
 
  1,847  
 
   
   
 
  485  
 
   
   
 
  1,942  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 2  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 7  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 17  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
 3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 5  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  17  
 
   
   
 
 28  
 
   
   
 
 26  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
   
   
 
 2  
 
   
   
 
 40  
 
 
 
 Total Commercial(a) 
 
   
 
  3,697  
 
   
   
 
  4,920  
 
   
   
 
  3,694  
 
   
   
 
  1,372  
 
   
   
 
  1,858  
 
   
   
 
  487  
 
   
   
 
  1,994  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate(b) 
 
   
 
  3,491  
 
   
   
 
  3,712  
 
   
   
 
  3,773  
 
   
   
 
  2,202  
 
   
   
 
  2,807  
 
   
   
 
  188  
 
   
   
 
  3,752  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer(c) 
 
   
 
  105  
 
   
   
 
  117  
 
   
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
 
  3,103  
 
   
   
 
  3,141  
 
   
   
 
  673  
 
   
   
 
  2,949  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,293  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,749  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,567  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,677  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,806  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,348  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,695  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 We recognized $218 million and $253 million of interest income, including $60 million and $92 million on a cash basis, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, principally in our CLL Americas business. The total average investment in impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $4,445 million and $5,688 million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 We recognized $187 million and $329 million of interest income, including $135 million and $237 million on a cash basis, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The total average investment in impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $4,746 million and $7,525 million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 We recognized $221 million and $168 million of interest income, including $3 million and $4 million on a cash basis, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, principally in our Consumer-U.S. installment and revolving credit portfolios. The total average investment in impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $3,156 million and $3,049 million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (133) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-impaired financing receivables 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 125,377  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 132,741  
 
   
 
 
 General reserves 
 
   
 
 677  
 
   
   
 
 554  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
   
 
 3,892  
 
   
   
 
 5,069  
 
   
 
 
 Specific reserves 
 
   
 
 328  
 
   
   
 
 487  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-impaired financing receivables 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 16,039  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 15,253  
 
   
 
 
 General reserves 
 
   
 
 118  
 
   
   
 
 132  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
   
 
 3,860  
 
   
   
 
 5,693  
 
   
 
 
 Specific reserves 
 
   
 
 74  
 
   
   
 
 188  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consumer 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-impaired financing receivables 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 106,051  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 111,141  
 
   
 
 
 General reserves 
 
   
 
 3,414  
 
   
   
 
 2,910  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
   
 
 2,988  
 
   
   
 
 3,208  
 
   
 
 
 Specific reserves 
 
   
 
 567  
 
   
   
 
 673  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-impaired financing receivables 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  247,467  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  259,135  
 
   
 
 
 General reserves 
 
   
 
  4,209  
 
   
   
 
  3,596  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
   
 
  10,740  
 
   
   
 
  13,970  
 
   
 
 
 Specific reserves 
 
   
 
  969  
 
   
   
 
  1,348  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 Impaired loans classified as TDRs in our CLL business were $2,961 million and $3,872 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and were primarily attributable to CLL Americas ($1,770 million and $2,577 million, respectively). For the year ended December 31, 2013, we modified $1,509 million of loans classified as TDRs, primarily in CLL Americas ($737 million). Changes to these loans primarily included extensions, interest-only payment periods, debt to equity exchange and forbearance or other actions, which are in addition to, or sometimes in lieu of, fees and rate increases. Of our $1,509 million and $2,936 million of modifications classified as TDRs during 2013 and 2012, respectively, $71 million and $217 million have subsequently experienced a payment default in 2013 and 2012, respectively . 

 
 

 Real Estate TDRs decreased from $5,146 million at December 31, 2012 to $3,625 million at December 31, 2013, primarily driven by resolution of TDRs through paydowns, partially offset by extensions of loans scheduled to mature during 2013, some of which were classified as TDRs upon modification. We deem loan modifications to be TDRs when we have granted a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty and we do not receive adequate compensation in the form of an effective interest rate that is at current market rates of interest given the risk characteristics of the loan or other consideration that compensates us for the value of the concession. The limited liquidity and higher return requirements in the real estate market for loans with higher loan-to-value (LTV) ratios have typically resulted in the conclusion that the modified terms are not at current market rates of interest, even if the modified loans are expected to be fully recoverable. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we modified $1,595 million of loans classified as TDRs. Changes to these loans primarily included maturity extensions, principal payment acceleration, changes to collateral or covenant terms and cash sweeps, which are in addition to, or sometimes in lieu of, fees and rate increases. Of our $1,595 million and $4,351 million of modifications classified as TDRs during 2013 and 2012, respectively, $197 million and $210 million have subsequently experienced a payment default in 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (134) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The vast majority of our Consumer nonaccrual financing receivables are smaller-balance homogeneous loans evaluated collectively, by portfolio, for impairment and therefore are outside the scope of the disclosure requirement for impaired loans. Accordingly, impaired loans in our Consumer business represent restructured smaller-balance homogeneous loans meeting the definition of a TDR, and are therefore subject to the disclosure requirement for impaired loans, and commercial loans in our Consumer–Other portfolio. The recorded investment of these impaired loans totaled $2,988 million (with an unpaid principal balance of $3,101 million) and comprised $109 million with no specific allowance, primarily all in our Consumer–Other portfolio, and $2,879 million with a specific allowance of $567 million at December 31, 2013. The impaired loans with a specific allowance included $261 million with a specific allowance of $35 million in our Consumer–Other portfolio and $2,618 million with a specific allowance of $532 million across the remaining Consumer business and had an unpaid principal balance and average investment of $2,948 million and $3,058 million, respectively, at December 31, 2013 . 

 
 

 Impaired loans classified as TDRs in our Consumer business were $2,874 million and $3,041 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We utilize certain loan modification programs for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties in our Consumer loan portfolio. These loan modification programs primarily include interest rate reductions and payment deferrals in excess of three months, which were not part of the terms of the original contract, and are primarily concentrated in our non-U.S. residential mortgage and U.S. credit card portfolios. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we modified $1,441 million of consumer loans for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, which are classified as TDRs, and included $879 million of non-U.S. consumer loans, primarily residential mortgages, credit cards and personal loans and $562 million of U.S. consumer loans, primarily credit cards. We expect borrowers whose loans have been modified under these programs to continue to be able to meet their contractual obligations upon the conclusion of the modification. Of our $1,441 million and $1,751 million of modifications classified as TDRs during 2013 and 2012, respectively, $266 million and $334 million have subsequently experienced a payment default in 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 
  

 SUPPLEMENTAL CREDIT QUALITY INFORMATION 

   

 Commercial 

   

 Substantially all of our Commercial financing receivables portfolio is secured lending and we assess the overall quality of the portfolio based on the potential risk of loss measure. The metric incorporates both the borrower’s credit quality along with any related collateral protection. 

 
 

 Our internal risk ratings process is an important source of information in determining our allowance for losses and represents a comprehensive, statistically validated approach to evaluate risk in our financing receivables portfolios. In deriving our internal risk ratings, we stratify our Commercial portfolios into 21 categories of default risk and/or six categories of loss given default to group into three categories: A, B and C. Our process starts by developing an internal risk rating for our borrowers, which is based upon our proprietary models using data derived from borrower financial statements, agency ratings, payment history information, equity prices and other commercial borrower characteristics. We then evaluate the potential risk of loss for the specific lending transaction in the event of borrower default, which takes into account such factors as applicable collateral value, historical loss and recovery rates for similar transactions, and our collection capabilities. Our internal risk ratings process and the models we use are subject to regular monitoring and validation controls. The frequency of rating updates is set by our credit risk policy, which requires annual Risk Committee approval. The models are updated on a regular basis and statistically validated annually, or more frequently as circumstances warrant. 

 
 

 The table below summarizes our Commercial financing receivables by risk category. As described above, financing receivables are assigned one of 21 risk ratings based on our process and then these are grouped by similar characteristics into three categories in the table below. Category A is characterized by either high-credit-quality borrowers or transactions with significant collateral coverage that substantially reduces or eliminates the risk of loss in the event of borrower default. Category B is characterized by borrowers with weaker credit quality than those in Category A, or transactions with moderately strong collateral coverage that minimizes but may not fully mitigate the risk of loss in the event of default. Category C is characterized by borrowers with higher levels of default risk relative to our overall portfolio or transactions where collateral coverage may not fully mitigate a loss in the event of default. 

 
 
    
 

 
 (135) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Secured 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 A 
 
   
 
 B 
 
   
 
 C 
 
   
 
 Total 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  65,444  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,587  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,554  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  68,585  
 
 
 
     Europe(a) 
 
   
 
  35,968  
 
   
   
 
  479  
 
   
   
 
  1,019  
 
   
   
 
  37,466  
 
 
 
     Asia 
 
   
 
  8,962  
 
   
   
 
  140  
 
   
   
 
  218  
 
   
   
 
  9,320  
 
 
 
     Other(a) 
 
   
 
  101  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  101  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
  110,475  
 
   
   
 
  2,206  
 
   
   
 
  2,791  
 
   
   
 
  115,472  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
  2,969  
 
   
   
 
  9  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,978  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
  9,175  
 
   
   
 
  50  
 
   
   
 
  152  
 
   
   
 
  9,377  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  318  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  318  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  122,937  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,265  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,943  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  128,145  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 CLL 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Americas 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 68,360  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,775  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,382  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 72,517  
 
 
 
     Europe(a) 
 
   
 
 33,756  
 
   
   
 
 1,188  
 
   
   
 
 1,256  
 
   
   
 
 36,200  
 
 
 
     Asia 
 
   
 
 10,732  
 
   
   
 
 117  
 
   
   
 
 372  
 
   
   
 
 11,221  
 
 
 
     Other(a) 
 
   
 
 159  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 94  
 
   
   
 
 253  
 
 
 
 Total CLL 
 
   
 
 113,007  
 
   
   
 
 3,080  
 
   
   
 
 4,104  
 
   
   
 
 120,191  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Energy Financial Services 
 
   
 
 4,725  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 4,725  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GECAS 
 
   
 
 10,681  
 
   
   
 
 223  
 
   
   
 
 11  
 
   
   
 
 10,915  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 486  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 486  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 128,899  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,303  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,115  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 136,317  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 During 2013, we transferred our European equipment services portfolio from CLL Other to CLL Europe. Prior-period amounts were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 
 

 
 

 For our secured financing receivables portfolio, our collateral position and ability to work out problem accounts mitigates our losses. Our asset managers have deep industry expertise that enables us to identify the optimum approach to default situations. We price risk premiums for weaker credits at origination, closely monitor changes in creditworthiness through our risk ratings and watch list process, and are engaged early with deteriorating credits to minimize economic loss. Secured financing receivables within risk Category C are predominantly in our CLL businesses and are primarily composed of senior term lending facilities and factoring programs secured by various asset types including inventory, accounts receivable, cash, equipment and related business facilities as well as franchise finance activities secured by underlying equipment. 

 
 

 Loans within Category C are reviewed and monitored regularly, and classified as impaired when it is probable that they will not pay in accordance with contractual terms. Our internal risk rating process identifies credits warranting closer monitoring; and as such, these loans are not necessarily classified as nonearning or impaired. 

 
 

 Our unsecured Commercial financing receivables portfolio is primarily attributable to our Interbanca S.p.A. and GE Sanyo Credit acquisitions in Europe and Asia, respectively. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, these financing receivables included $313 million and $458 million rated A, $580 million and $583 million rated B, and $231 million and $452 million rated C, respectively. 

 
 

 Real Estate 

   

 Due to the primarily non-recourse nature of our Debt portfolio, loan-to-value ratios provide the best indicators of the credit quality of the portfolio. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (136) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Loan-to-value ratio 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
 
 Less than 
 
   
   
 
 80% to 
 
   
   
 
 Greater than 
 
   
   
 
 Less than 
 
   
   
 
 80% to 
 
   
   
 
 Greater than 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 80% 
 
   
 
 95% 
 
   
 
 95% 
 
   
 
 80% 
 
   
 
 95% 
 
   
 
 95% 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,576  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,300  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,111  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,570  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,572  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,604  
 
 
 

 
 

 By contrast, the credit quality of the owner occupied/credit tenant portfolio is primarily influenced by the strength of the borrower’s general credit quality, which is reflected in our internal risk rating process, consistent with the process we use for our Commercial portfolio. At December 31, 2013, the internal risk rating of A, B and C for our owner occupied/credit tenant portfolio approximated $571 million, $179 million and $162 million, respectively, as compared to December 31, 2012, ratings of $956 million, $25 million and $219 million, respectively. 

 
 

 Within Real Estate-Debt, these financing receivables are primarily concentrated in our North American and European Lending platforms and are secured by various property types. A substantial majority of the Real Estate-Debt financing receivables with loan-to-value ratios greater than 95% are paying in accordance with contractual terms. Substantially all of these loans and the majority of our owner occupied/credit tenant financing receivables included in Category C are impaired loans that are subject to the specific reserve evaluation process described in Note 1. The ultimate recoverability of impaired loans is driven by collection strategies that do not necessarily depend on the sale of the underlying collateral and include full or partial repayments through third-party refinancing and restructurings. 

 
 

 Consumer 

   

 At December 31, 2013, our U.S. consumer financing receivables included private-label credit card and sales financing for approximately 61 million customers across the U.S. with no metropolitan area accounting for more than 6% of the portfolio. Of the total U.S. consumer financing receivables, approximately 67% relate to credit card loans that are often subject to profit and loss-sharing arrangements with the retailer (which are recorded in revenues), and the remaining 33% are sales finance receivables that provide financing to customers in areas such as electronics, recreation, medical and home improvement. 

   

 Our Consumer financing receivables portfolio comprises both secured and unsecured lending. Secured financing receivables comprise residential loans and lending to small and medium-sized enterprises predominantly secured by auto and equipment, inventory finance and cash flow loans. Unsecured financing receivables include private-label credit card financing. A substantial majority of these cards are not for general use and are limited to the products and services sold by the retailer. The private-label portfolio is diverse with no metropolitan area accounting for more than 6% of the related portfolio. 

   

 Non-U.S. residential mortgages 

   

 For our secured non-U.S. residential mortgage book, we assess the overall credit quality of the portfolio through loan-to-value ratios (the ratio of the outstanding debt on a property to the value of that property at origination). In the event of default and repossession of the underlying collateral, we have the ability to remarket and sell the properties to eliminate or mitigate the potential risk of loss. The table below provides additional information about our non-U.S. residential mortgages based on loan-to-value ratios. 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Loan-to-value ratio 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
 
 80% or 
 
   
 
 Greater than 
 
   
 
 Greater than 
 
   
 
 80% or 
 
   
 
 Greater than 
 
   
 
 Greater than 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 less 
 
   
 
 80% to 90% 
 
   
 
 90% 
 
   
 
 less 
 
   
 
 80% to 90% 
 
   
 
 90% 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. residential mortgages 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,224  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,130  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,147  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  18,568  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,699  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,083  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (137) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The majority of these financing receivables are in our U.K. and France portfolios and have re-indexed loan-to-value ratios of 77% and 56%, respectively. Re-indexed loan-to-value ratios may not reflect actual realizable values of future repossessions. We have third-party mortgage insurance for about 24% of the balance of Consumer non-U.S. residential mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios greater than 90% at December 31, 2013. Such loans were primarily originated in France and the U.K. 

 
 

 Installment and Revolving Credit 

   

 For our unsecured lending products, including the non-U.S. and U.S. installment and revolving credit and non-U.S. auto portfolios, we assess overall credit quality using internal and external credit scores. Our internal credit scores imply a probability of default that we consistently translate into three approximate credit bureau equivalent credit score categories, including (a) 671 or higher, which are considered the strongest credits; (b) 626 to 670, which are considered moderate credit risk; and (c) 625 or less, which are considered weaker credits. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Internal ratings translated to approximate credit bureau equivalent score 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
 
 671 or 
 
   
 
 626 to 
 
   
 
 625 or 
 
   
 
 671 or 
 
   
 
 626 to 
 
   
 
 625 or 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 higher 
 
   
 
 670  
 
   
 
 less 
 
   
 
 higher 
 
   
 
 670  
 
   
 
 less 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,310  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,855  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,512  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,228  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,267  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,321  
 
 
 
 U.S. installment and revolving credit 
 
   
 
  36,723  
 
   
   
 
  11,101  
 
   
   
 
  8,030  
 
   
   
 
 33,204  
 
   
   
 
 9,753  
 
   
   
 
 7,896  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. auto 
 
   
 
  1,395  
 
   
   
 
  373  
 
   
   
 
  286  
 
   
   
 
 3,141  
 
   
   
 
 666  
 
   
   
 
 453  
 
 
 

 
 

 Of those financing receivable accounts with credit bureau equivalent scores of 625 or less at December 31, 2013, 97% relate to installment and revolving credit accounts. These smaller-balance accounts have an average outstanding balance less than one thousand U.S. dollars and are primarily concentrated in our retail card and sales finance receivables in the U.S. (which are often subject to profit and loss-sharing arrangements), and closed-end loans outside the U.S., which minimizes the potential for loss in the event of default. For lower credit scores, we adequately price for the incremental risk at origination and monitor credit migration through our risk ratings process. We continuously adjust our credit line underwriting management and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. 

 
 

 Consumer – Other 

   

 Secured lending in Consumer – Other comprises loans to small and medium-sized enterprises predominantly secured by auto and equipment, inventory finance and cash flow loans. We develop our internal risk ratings for this portfolio in a manner consistent with the process used to develop our Commercial credit quality indicators, described above. We use the borrower’s credit quality and underlying collateral strength to determine the potential risk of loss from these activities. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, Consumer – Other financing receivables of $6,137 million, $315 million and $501 million were rated A, B and C, respectively. At December 31, 2012, Consumer – Other financing receivables of $6,873 million, $451 million and $746 million were rated A, B and C, respectively. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (138) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Depreciable 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 lives-new 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 
 (in years) 
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Original cost 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Land and improvements 
 
   
 
 8  
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 707  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 612  
 
 
 
     Buildings, structures and related equipment 
 
   
 
 8-40 
 
   
   
 
 8,910  
 
   
   
 
 8,361  
 
 
 
     Machinery and equipment 
 
   
 
 4-20 
 
   
   
 
 25,323  
 
   
   
 
 24,090  
 
 
 
     Leasehold costs and manufacturing plant under construction 
 
   
 
 1-10 
 
   
   
 
 3,309  
 
   
   
 
 2,815  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 38,249  
 
   
   
 
 35,878  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     GECC (b) 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
     Land and improvements, buildings, structures and related equipment 
 
   
 
 1-35 
 
 
 (a) 
 
   
 
 2,504  
 
   
   
 
 2,485  
 
 
 
     Equipment leased to others 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
        Aircraft 
 
   
 
 20  
 
   
   
 
 50,337  
 
   
   
 
 49,954  
 
 
 
        Vehicles 
 
   
 
 1-20 
 
   
   
 
 14,656  
 
   
   
 
 15,952  
 
 
 
        Railroad rolling stock 
 
   
 
 4-50 
 
   
   
 
 4,636  
 
   
   
 
 4,180  
 
 
 
        Construction and manufacturing 
 
   
 
 1-30 
 
   
   
 
 2,916  
 
   
   
 
 3,055  
 
 
 
        All other 
 
   
 
 7-27 
 
   
   
 
 3,518  
 
   
   
 
 3,427  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 78,567  
 
   
   
 
 79,053  
 
 
 
    Eliminations 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 (347) 
 
   
   
 
 (363) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 116,469  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 114,568  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net carrying value 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
     GE 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
     Land and improvements 
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 671  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 582  
 
 
 
     Buildings, structures and related equipment 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 4,205  
 
   
   
 
 4,003  
 
 
 
     Machinery and equipment 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 9,701  
 
   
   
 
 9,061  
 
 
 
     Leasehold costs and manufacturing plant under construction 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 2,997  
 
   
   
 
 2,387  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 17,574  
 
   
   
 
 16,033  
 
 
 
     GECC (b) 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
     Land and improvements, buildings, structures and related equipment 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 1,025  
 
   
   
 
 999  
 
 
 
     Equipment leased to others 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Aircraft(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 34,938  
 
   
   
 
 36,231  
 
 
 
        Vehicles 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 8,312  
 
   
   
 
 8,634  
 
 
 
        Railroad rolling stock 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 3,129  
 
   
   
 
 2,744  
 
 
 
        Construction and manufacturing 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 1,955  
 
   
   
 
 2,069  
 
 
 
        All other 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 2,248  
 
   
   
 
 2,290  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 51,607  
 
   
   
 
 52,967  
 
 
 
    Eliminations 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 (354) 
 
   
   
 
 (367) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 68,827  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 68,633  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Depreciable lives exclude land. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included $1,353 million and $1,466 million of original cost of assets leased to GE with accumulated amortization of $342 million and $451 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 The GECAS business of GE Capital recognized impairment losses of $732 million and $242 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. These losses are recorded in the caption “Other costs and expenses” in the Statement of Earnings to reflect adjustments to fair value based on an evaluation of average current market values (obtained from third parties) of similar type and age aircraft, which are adjusted for the attributes of the specific aircraft under lease. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Consolidated depreciation and amortization related to property, plant and equipment was $9,762 million, $9,192 million and $8,986 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Amortization of GECC equipment leased to others was $6,696 million, $6,097 million and $6,063 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (139) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 Noncancellable future rentals due from customers for equipment on operating leases at December 31, 2013, are as follows: 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Due in 
 
   
   
 
 
     2014 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 7,168  
 
 
 
     2015 
 
   
 
 5,925  
 
 
 
     2016 
 
   
 
 4,838  
 
 
 
     2017 
 
   
 
 3,823  
 
 
 
     2018 
 
   
 
 3,070  
 
 
 
     2019 and later 
 
   
 
 7,695  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 32,519  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  77,648  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 73,114  
 
 
 

   
 

 
 
 
 
 Other intangible assets - net 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Intangible assets subject to amortization 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,150  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,821  
 
 
 
     Indefinite-lived intangible assets(a) 
 
   
 
  160  
 
   
   
 
 159  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,310  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,980  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets principally comprised in-process research and development, trademarks and tradenames. 
 
 
 

   

   

 Upon closing an acquisition, we estimate the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired and consolidate the acquisition as quickly as possible. Given the time it takes to obtain pertinent information to finalize the acquired company’s balance sheet, then to adjust the acquired company’s accounting policies, procedures, and books and records to our standards, it is often several quarters before we are able to finalize those initial fair value estimates. Accordingly, it is not uncommon for our initial estimates to be subsequently revised. 
 

 
 

 In August 2013, we acquired the aviation business of Avio S.p.A. (Avio) for $4,449 million in cash. We recorded a pre-tax acquisition-related charge of $96 million related to the effective settlement of Avio’s pre-existing contractual relationships with GE. Avio is a manufacturer of aviation propulsion components and systems and is included in our Aviation segment. The preliminary purchase price allocation resulted in goodwill of $3,043 million and amortizable intangible assets of $1,830 million. The allocation of the purchase price will be finalized upon completion of post-closing procedures. 

 
 

 In July 2013, we acquired Lufkin Industries, Inc. (Lufkin) for $3,309 million in cash. Lufkin is a leading provider of artificial lift technologies for the oil and gas industry and a manufacturer of industrial gears and is included in our Oil & Gas segment. The purchase price allocation resulted in goodwill of $2,027 million and amortizable intangible assets of $997 million. The allocation of the purchase price will be finalized upon completion of post-closing procedures. 

 
 

 On March 27, 2012, we contributed a portion of our civil avionics systems business to a newly formed joint venture in exchange for 50% of the new entity. This resulted in the deconsolidation of our civil avionics business and the recording of the interest in the new joint venture at fair value. As a result, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $274 million ($152 million after tax) in the first quarter of 2012. 

 
 

 On September 2, 2011, we purchased a 90% interest in Converteam for $3,586 million. In connection with the transaction, we entered into an arrangement to purchase the remaining 10% at the two-year anniversary of the acquisition date for 343 million euros (approximately $465 million). This amount was recorded as a liability at the date of acquisition and was paid out in October 2013. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (140) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Changes in goodwill balances follow. 

   

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Dispositions, 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Dispositions, 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 currency 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 currency 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
   
   
   
 
 exchange 
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
   
   
   
 
 exchange 
 
   
 
 Balance at 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 January 1 
 
   
 
 Acquisitions 
 
   
 
 and other 
 
   
 
 December 31 
 
   
 
 January 1 
 
   
 
 Acquisitions 
 
   
 
 and other 
 
   
 
 December 31 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,821  
 
 
    
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,822  
 
 
    
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,769  
 
 
    
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  52  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 8,821  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas 
 
   
 
  8,365  
 
   
   
 
  2,217  
 
   
   
 
  (66) 
 
   
   
 
  10,516  
 
   
   
 
  8,233  
 
   
   
 
  113  
 
   
   
 
  19  
 
   
   
 
 8,365  
 
 
 
 Energy Management 
 
   
 
  4,610  
 
   
   
 
  7  
 
   
   
 
  131  
 
   
   
 
  4,748  
 
   
   
 
  4,621  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (11) 
 
   
   
 
 4,610  
 
 
 
 Aviation 
 
   
 
  5,975  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  3,043  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  85  
 
   
   
 
  9,103  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  5,996  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  55  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  (76) 
 
   
   
 
 5,975  
 
 
 
 Healthcare 
 
   
 
  16,762  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  45  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  (164) 
 
   
 
    
 
 
  16,643  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  16,631  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  221  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  (90) 
 
   
   
 
 16,762  
 
 
 
 Transportation 
 
   
 
  999  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  1,012  
 
   
   
 
  551  
 
   
   
 
  445  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
 999  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting 
 
   
 
  611  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
   
   
 
  606  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  594  
 
 
    
 
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
 611  
 
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
   
 
  26,971  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  17  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  (793) 
 
   
 
    
 
 
  26,195  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  26,902  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  69  
 
   
   
 
 26,971  
 
 
 
 Corporate 
 
   
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  4  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  (1) 
 
   
 
    
 
 
  3  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  -  
 
 
    
 
 
    
 
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 73,114  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,333  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (799) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 77,648  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 72,297  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 845  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (28) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 73,114  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Goodwill balances increased $4,534 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the acquisitions of Avio ($3,043 million) and Lufkin ($2,027 million), partially offset by dispositions. 

 
 

 Goodwill balances increased $817 million in 2012, primarily as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar ($356 million) and acquisitions of Industrea Limited ($282 million) and Railcar Management, Inc. ($136 million) at Transportation. 

 
 

 We test goodwill for impairment annually in the third quarter of each year using data as of July 1 of that year. The impairment test consists of two steps: in step one, the carrying value of the reporting unit is compared with its fair value; in step two, which is applied when the carrying value is more than its fair value, the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, is derived by deducting the fair value of the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities from the fair value of its equity, and comparing that amount with the carrying amount of goodwill. We determined fair values for each of the reporting units using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately. 

 
 

 Valuations using the market approach are derived from metrics of publicly traded companies or historically completed transactions of comparable businesses. The selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units operate giving consideration to risk profiles, size, geography, and diversity of products and services. A market approach is limited to reporting units for which there are publicly traded companies that have the characteristics similar to our businesses. 

 
 

 Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each business. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the cost of equity financing. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. Discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from 8.0% to 16.5%. 

 
 

 During the third quarter of 2013, we performed our annual impairment test of goodwill for all of our reporting units. Based on the results of our step one testing, the fair values of each of the GE reporting units exceeded their carrying values; therefore, the second step of the impairment test was not required to be performed and no goodwill impairment was recognized. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (141) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Our Real Estate reporting unit had a goodwill balance of $742 million at December 31, 2013. While the Real Estate reporting unit’s book value was within the range of its fair value, we further substantiated our Real Estate goodwill balance by performing the second step analysis in which the implied fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value by approximately $3.7 billion. The estimated fair value of the Real Estate reporting unit is based on a number of assumptions about future business performance and investment, including loss estimates for the existing finance receivable and investment portfolio, new debt origination volume and margins, and the recent stabilization of the real estate market allowing for sales of real estate investments at normalized margins. Our assumed discount rate was 11.25% and was derived by applying a capital asset pricing model and corroborated using equity analyst research reports and implied cost of equity based on forecasted price to earnings per share multiples for similar companies. While we have seen stabilization in some markets, given the volatility and uncertainty in the current commercial real estate environment, there is uncertainty about a number of assumptions upon which the estimated fair value is based. Different loss estimates for the existing portfolio, changes in the new debt origination volume and margin assumptions, changes in the expected pace of the commercial real estate market recovery, or changes in the equity return expectation of market participants may result in changes in the estimated fair value of the Real Estate reporting unit. 

 
 

 Estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of estimates and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including actual operating results. It is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described above could change in future periods. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Gross 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 carrying 
 
   
 
 Accumulated 
 
   
   
   
 
 carrying 
 
   
 
 Accumulated 
 
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 amortization 
 
   
 
 Net 
 
   
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 amortization 
 
   
 
 Net 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Customer-related 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,938  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,312) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,626  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,977  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,156) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,821  
 
 
 
 Patents and technology 
 
   
 
  6,602  
 
   
   
 
  (2,621) 
 
   
   
 
  3,981  
 
   
   
 
  5,432  
 
   
   
 
  (2,406) 
 
   
   
 
  3,026  
 
 
 Capitalized software 
   
 
 8,256   
 
   
   
 
 (5,252) 
 
   
   
 
 3,004   
 
   
   
 
 7,514   
 
   
   
 (4,673) 
   
   
 
 2,841  
 
 
 
 Trademarks 
 
   
 
  1,356  
 
   
   
 
  (295) 
 
   
   
 
  1,061  
 
   
   
 
  995  
 
   
   
 
  (239) 
 
   
   
 
  756  
 
 
 
 Lease valuations 
 
   
 
  703  
 
   
   
 
  (498) 
 
   
   
 
  205  
 
   
   
 
  1,163  
 
   
   
 
  (792) 
 
   
   
 
  371  
 
 
 
 Present value of future profits(a) 
 
   
 
  574  
 
   
   
 
  (574) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  530  
 
   
   
 
  (530) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 All other 
 
   
 
  632  
 
   
   
 
 (359) 
 
   
   
 
 273  
 
   
   
 
 375  
 
   
   
 
 (369) 
 
   
   
 
 6  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  26,061  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (11,911) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,150  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 22,986  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (11,165) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,821  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2013 and 2012 reflect adjustments of $322 million and $353 million, respectively, to the present value of future profits in our run-off insurance operations to reflect the effects that would have been recognized had the related unrealized investment securities holding gains and losses actually been realized. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 During 2013, we recorded additions to intangible assets subject to amortization of $3,735 million, primarily from the acquisitions of Avio ($1,830 million) and Lufkin ($997 million) as well as the capitalization of new software across several business platforms. The components of finite-lived intangible assets acquired during 2013 and their respective weighted-average amortizable period are: $1,257 million – Customer-related (21.9 years); $1,255 million – Patents and technology (25.5 years); $732 million – Capitalized software (4.6 years); $363 million – Trademarks (28.1 years); $2 million – Lease valuations (5.0 years); and $126 million – All other (22.4 years). 

 
 

 Consolidated amortization related to intangible assets was $1,711 million, $1,612 million and $1,744 million for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We estimate annual pre-tax amortization for intangible assets over the next five calendar years to be as follows: 2014 – $1,588 million; 2015 – $1,473 million; 2016 – $1,336 million; 2017 – $1,185 million; and 2018 – $1,026 million. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (142) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 9. ALL OTHER ASSETS 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Associated companies(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,937  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22,169  
 
 
 
     Other 
 
   
 
  626  
 
   
   
 
  445  
 
 
   
   
 
  4,563  
 
   
   
 
  22,614  
 
 
 
 Contract costs and estimated earnings(b) 
 
   
 
  12,522  
 
   
   
 
  11,041  
 
 
 
 Long-term receivables, including notes 
 
   
 
  993  
 
   
   
 
  714  
 
 
 
 Derivative instruments 
 
   
 
  623  
 
   
   
 
  383  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  5,007  
 
   
   
 
  4,782  
 
 
   
   
 
  23,708  
 
   
   
 
  39,534  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
    Associated companies 
   
 17,348  
   
   
 
  19,119 
 
 
 
     Real estate(c)(d) 
 
   
 
  16,163  
 
   
   
 
  25,154  
 
 
 
     Assets held for sale(e) 
 
   
 
  2,571  
 
   
   
 
  4,194  
 
 
 
     Cost method(d) 
 
   
 
  1,462  
 
   
   
 
  1,665  
 
 
 
     Other 
 
   
 
  930  
 
   
   
 
  1,446  
 
 
   
   
 
  38,474  
 
   
   
 
  51,578  
 
 
 Advances to suppliers 
   
 
  2,328 
 
   
   
 1,805  
 
 
 Derivative instruments 
 
   
 
  1,117  
 
   
   
 
  3,557  
 
 
 
 Deferred borrowing costs 
 
   
 
  867  
 
   
   
 
  940  
 
 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs(f) 
 
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  46  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  4,551  
 
   
   
 
  4,260  
 
 
   
   
 
  47,366  
 
   
   
 
  62,186  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  (266) 
 
   
   
 
  (76) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  70,808  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  101,644  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included our investment in NBCU LLC of $18,887 million at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, we also had $4,937 million, of deferred tax liabilities related to this investment. See Note 14. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Contract costs and estimated earnings reflect revenues earned in excess of billings on our long-term contracts to construct technically complex equipment (such as power generation, aircraft engines and aeroderivative units) and long-term product maintenance or extended warranty arrangements. These amounts are presented net of related billings in excess of revenues of $1,842 million and $1,498 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 GECC investments in real estate consisted principally of two categories: real estate held for investment and equity method investments. Both categories contained a wide range of properties including the following at December 31, 2013: office buildings (52%), apartment buildings (14%), retail facilities (9%), industrial properties (7%), franchise properties (3%) and other (15%). At December 31, 2013, investments were located in the Americas (41%), Europe (35%) and Asia (24%). 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 The fair value of and unrealized loss on cost method investments in a continuous loss position for less than 12 months at December 31, 2013, were $17 million and an insignificant amount, respectively. There were no cost method investments in a continuous loss position for 12 months or more at December 31, 2013. The fair value of and unrealized loss on cost method investments in a continuous loss position for less than 12 months at December 31, 2012, were $142 million and $37 million, respectively. The fair value of and unrealized loss on cost method investments in a continuous loss position for 12 months or more at December 31, 2012, were $2 million and an insignificant amount, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Assets were classified as held for sale on the date a decision was made to dispose of them through sale or other means. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, such assets consisted primarily of loans, aircraft, equipment and real estate properties, and were accounted for at the lower of carrying amount or estimated fair value less costs to sell. These amounts are net of valuation allowances of $127 million and $200 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (f) 
 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2013 and 2012 reflect adjustments of $700 million and $764 million, respectively, to deferred acquisition costs in our run-off insurance operations to reflect the effects that would have been recognized had the related unrealized investment securities holding gains and losses actually been realized. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (143) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 10. BORROWINGS AND BANK DEPOSITS 

   

 
 
 
 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Average  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Average  
 
   
 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 
 
   
   
   
 
 Amount 
 
   
 
 rate(a)  
 
   
   
 
 Amount 
 
   
 
 rate(a)  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
 
 
 Commercial paper 
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 352  
 
   
 
  0.28  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Payable to banks 
 
   
   
   
 
 346  
 
   
 
  3.38  
 
   
   
 
 23  
 
   
 
  3.02  
 
   
 
 
 Current portion of long-term 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     borrowings 
 
   
   
   
 
 70  
 
   
 
  5.65  
 
   
   
 
 5,068  
 
   
 
  5.11  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
   
   
 
 1,425  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 598  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GE short-term borrowings 
 
   
   
   
 
 1,841  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 6,041  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Commercial paper 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    U.S. 
 
   
   
   
 
 24,877  
 
   
 
  0.18  
 
   
   
 
 33,686  
 
   
 
  0.22  
 
   
 
 
    Non-U.S. 
 
   
   
   
 
 4,168  
 
   
 
  0.33  
 
   
   
 
 9,370  
 
   
 
  0.92  
 
   
 
 
 Current portion of long-term 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     borrowings(b)(c)(d) 
 
   
   
   
 
 39,215  
 
   
 
  2.70  
 
   
   
 
 44,264  
 
   
 
  2.85  
 
   
 
 
 GE Interest Plus notes(e) 
 
   
   
   
 
 8,699  
 
   
 
  1.11  
 
   
   
 
 8,189  
 
   
 
  1.20  
 
   
 
 
 Other(c) 
 
   
   
   
 
 339  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 431  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GECC short-term borrowings 
 
   
   
   
 
 77,298  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 95,940  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
   
   
 
 (1,249) 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 (589) 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total short-term borrowings 
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 77,890  
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 101,392  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Long-term Borrowings 
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Average  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Average  
 
   
 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 
 Maturities 
 
   
   
 
 Amount 
 
   
 
 rate(a)  
 
   
   
 
 Amount 
 
   
 
 rate (a)  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Senior notes 
 
 
 2015-2042 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,968  
 
   
 
  3.63  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,963  
 
   
 
  3.63  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Payable to banks 
 
 
 2015-2023 
 
   
   
 
 10  
 
   
 
  1.10  
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
   
 
  1.79  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
   
   
 
 537  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 452  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GE long-term borrowings 
 
   
   
   
 
 11,515  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 11,428  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Senior unsecured notes(b) 
 
 
 2015-2054 
 
   
   
 
 186,433  
 
   
 
  2.97  
 
   
   
 
 199,646  
 
   
 
  2.95  
 
   
 
 
 Subordinated notes(d) 
 
 
 2021-2037 
 
   
   
 
 4,821  
 
   
 
  3.93  
 
   
   
 
 4,965  
 
   
 
  2.92  
 
   
 
 
 Subordinated debentures(f) 
 
 
 2066-2067 
 
   
   
 
 7,462  
 
   
 
  5.64  
 
   
   
 
 7,286  
 
   
 
  5.78  
 
   
 
 
 Other(c) 
 
   
   
   
 
 11,563  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 12,879  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total GECC long-term borrowings 
 
   
   
   
 
 210,279  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 224,776  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
   
   
 
 (129) 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 (120) 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Total long-term borrowings 
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 221,665  
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 236,084  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Non-recourse borrowings of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     consolidated securitization 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     entities(g) 
 
 
 2014-2019 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 30,124  
 
   
 
  1.05  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 30,123  
 
   
 
  1.12  
 
 
 % 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Bank deposits(h) 
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 53,361  
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 46,200  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total borrowings and bank 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     deposits 
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 383,040  
 
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 413,799  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (144) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Based on year-end balances and year-end local currency effective interest rates, including the effects from hedging. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included in total long-term borrowings were $481 million and $604 million of obligations to holders of GICs at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These obligations included conditions under which certain GIC holders could require immediate repayment of their investment should the long-term credit ratings of GECC fall below AA-/Aa3. Following the April 3, 2012 Moody’s downgrade of GECC’s long-term credit rating to A1, substantially all of these GICs became redeemable by their holders. In 2012, holders of $386 million in principal amount of GICs redeemed their holdings and GECC made related cash payments. The remaining outstanding GICs will continue to be subject to their scheduled maturities and individual terms, which may include provisions permitting redemption upon a downgrade of one or more of GECC’s ratings, among other things. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included $9,468 million and $9,757 million of funding secured by real estate, aircraft and other collateral at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, of which $2,868 million and $3,294 million is non-recourse to GECC at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Included $300 million of subordinated notes guaranteed by GE at both December 31, 2013 and 2012. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Entirely variable denomination floating-rate demand notes. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (f) 
 
 
 Subordinated debentures receive rating agency equity credit and were hedged at issuance to the U.S. dollar equivalent of $7,725 million. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (g) 
 
 
 Included at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $9,047 million and $7,707 million of current portion of long-term borrowings, respectively, and $21,077 million and $22,416 million of long-term borrowings, respectively. See Note 23. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (h) 
 
 
 Included $13,614 million and $15,896 million of deposits in non-U.S. banks at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and $18,275 million and $17,291 million of certificates of deposits with maturities greater than one year at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 On October 9, 2012, GE issued $7,000 million of notes comprising $2,000 million of 0.850% notes due 2015, $3,000 million of 2.700% notes due 2022 and $2,000 million of 4.125% notes due 2042. On February 1, 2013, we repaid $5,000 million of 5.0% GE senior unsecured notes. 

 
 

 Additional information about borrowings and associated swaps can be found in Note 22. 

 
 

 Liquidity  is affected by debt maturities and our ability to repay or refinance such debt. Long-term debt maturities over the next five years follow. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2014  
 
   
   
 
 2015  
 
   
   
 
 2016  
 
   
   
 
 2017  
 
   
   
 
 2018  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 70  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,189  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 138  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,023  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 22  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
 39,215  
 
 
 (a) 
 
   
 
 39,672  
 
   
   
 
 31,987  
 
   
   
 
 25,866  
 
   
   
 
 18,183  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Fixed and floating rate notes of $443 million contain put options with exercise dates in 2014, and which have final maturity beyond 2018. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Committed credit lines totaling $47.8 billion had been extended to us by 50 banks at year-end 2013. GECC can borrow up to $47.8 billion under all of these credit lines. GE can borrow up to $13.9 billion under certain of these credit lines. The GECC lines include $26.5 billion of revolving credit agreements under which we can borrow funds for periods exceeding one year. Additionally, $21.3 billion are 364-day lines that contain a term-out feature that allows GE or GECC to extend the borrowings for two years from the date on which such borrowings would otherwise be due. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (145) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 11. INVESTMENT CONTRACTS, INSURANCE LIABILITIES AND INSURANCE ANNUITY BENEFITS 

   

 Investment contracts, insurance liabilities and insurance annuity benefits comprise mainly obligations to annuitants and policyholders in our run-off insurance operations and holders of guaranteed investment contracts. 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,144  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,321  
 
 
 
 Guaranteed investment contracts 
 
   
 
 1,471  
 
   
   
 
 1,644  
 
 
 
    Total investment contracts 
 
   
 
 4,615  
 
   
   
 
 4,965  
 
 
 
 Life insurance benefits(a) 
 
   
 
 18,959  
 
   
   
 
 20,427  
 
 
 
 Other(b) 
 
   
 
 3,405  
 
   
   
 
 3,304  
 
 
   
   
 
 26,979  
 
   
   
 
 28,696  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
 (435) 
 
   
   
 
 (428) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 26,544  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 28,268  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Life insurance benefits are accounted for mainly by a net-level-premium method using estimated yields generally ranging from 3.0% to 8.5% in both 2013 and 2012. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Substantially all unpaid claims and claims adjustment expenses and unearned premiums. 
 
 
 

 
  
 

 When insurance affiliates cede insurance risk to third parties, such as reinsurers, they are not relieved of their primary obligation to policyholders. When losses on ceded risks give rise to claims for recovery, we establish allowances for probable losses on such receivables from reinsurers as required. Reinsurance recoverables are included in the caption “Other GECC receivables" on our Statement of Financial Position, and amounted to $1,685 million and $1,542 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 
 

 We recognize reinsurance recoveries as a reduction of the Statement of Earnings caption “Investment contracts, insurance losses and insurance annuity benefits.” Reinsurance recoveries were $250 million, $234 million and $224 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

   

 NOTE 12. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS 

   

 Pension Benefits 

   

 We sponsor a number of pension plans. Principal pension plans, together with affiliate and certain other pension plans (other pension plans) detailed in this note, represent about 99% of our total pension assets. We use a December 31 measurement date for our plans. 

 
 

 Principal Pension Plans  are the GE Pension Plan and the GE Supplementary Pension Plan. 

 
 

 The GE Pension Plan provides benefits to certain U.S. employees based on the greater of a formula recognizing career earnings or a formula recognizing length of service and final average earnings. Certain benefit provisions are subject to collective bargaining. Salaried employees who commence service on or after January 1, 2011 and any employee who commences service on or after January 1, 2012 will not be eligible to participate in the GE Pension Plan, but will participate in a defined contribution retirement program. 

 
 

 The GE Supplementary Pension Plan is an unfunded plan providing supplementary retirement benefits primarily to higher-level, longer-service U.S. employees. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (146) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Other Pension Plans  in 2013 included 40 U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans with pension assets or obligations greater than $50 million. These defined benefit plans generally provide benefits to employees based on formulas recognizing length of service and earnings. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Pension Plan Participants 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Principal 
 
   
 
 Other 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 pension 
 
   
 
 pension 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2013 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
 
 plans 
 
   
 
 plans 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Active employees 
 
 
 128,000  
 
   
 
 94,000  
 
   
 
 34,000  
 
 
 
 Vested former employees 
 
 
 229,000  
 
   
 
 184,000  
 
   
 
 45,000  
 
 
 
 Retirees and beneficiaries 
 
 
 263,000  
 
   
 
 230,000  
 
   
 
 33,000  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 620,000  
 
   
 
 508,000  
 
   
 
 112,000  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Cost of Pension Plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Total 
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
 Other pension plans 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Service cost for benefits earned 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,970  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,779  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,498  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,535  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,387  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,195  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 435  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 392  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 303  
 
 
 
 Prior service cost amortization 
 
   
 
 253  
 
   
   
 
 287  
 
   
   
 
 207  
 
   
   
 
 246  
 
   
   
 
 279  
 
   
   
 
 194  
 
   
   
 
 7  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
   
   
 
 13  
 
 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 
   
 
 (4,163) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,394) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,543) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,500) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,768) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,940) 
 
   
   
 
 (663) 
 
   
   
 
 (626) 
 
   
   
 
 (603) 
 
 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligations 
 
   
 
 2,983  
 
   
   
 
 2,993  
 
   
   
 
 3,176  
 
   
   
 
 2,460  
 
   
   
 
 2,479  
 
   
   
 
 2,662  
 
   
   
 
 523  
 
   
   
 
 514  
 
   
   
 
 514  
 
 
 
 Net actuarial loss amortization 
 
   
 
 4,007  
 
   
   
 
 3,701  
 
   
   
 
 2,486  
 
   
   
 
 3,664  
 
   
   
 
 3,421  
 
   
   
 
 2,335  
 
   
   
 
 343  
 
   
   
 
 280  
 
   
   
 
 151  
 
 
 
 Pension plans cost 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,050  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,366  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,824  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,405  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,798  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,446  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 645  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 568  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 378  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 Actuarial assumptions  are described below. The actuarial assumptions at December 31 are used to measure the year-end benefit obligations and the pension costs for the subsequent year. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
   
 
 Other pension plans (weighted average) 
 
 
 
 December 31 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2010  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2010  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 
 4.85  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 3.96  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 4.21  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 5.28  
 
 
 % 
 
   
 
 4.39  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 3.92  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 4.42  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 5.11  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Compensation increases 
 
 
 4.00  
 
   
 
 3.90  
 
   
 
 3.75  
 
   
 
 4.25  
 
   
   
 
 3.76  
 
   
 
 3.30  
 
   
 
 4.31  
 
   
 
 4.44  
 
   
 
 
 Expected return on assets 
 
 
 7.50  
 
   
 
 8.00  
 
   
 
 8.00  
 
   
 
 8.00  
 
   
   
 
 6.92  
 
   
 
 6.82  
 
   
 
 7.09  
 
   
 
 7.25  
 
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider current and target asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. In developing future return expectations for our principal pension plans' assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the U.S. and abroad. We evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. We also take into account expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall portfolio results given current and target allocations. Based on our analysis of future expectations of asset performance, past return results, and our current and target asset allocations, we have assumed a 7.5% long-term expected return on those assets for cost recognition in 2014. This is a reduction from the 8.0% we had assumed in 2013, 2012 and 2011. For the principal pension plans, we apply our expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in the amounts to which we apply that expected return. 

 
 

 We amortize experience gains and losses, as well as the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions and plan provisions, over a period no longer than the average future service of employees. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (147) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Funding policy  for the GE Pension Plan is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements as set forth in employee benefit and tax laws plus such additional amounts as we may determine to be appropriate. We contributed $433 million to the GE Pension Plan in 2012. The ERISA minimum funding requirements did not require a contribution in 2013. As such, we did not contribute to the GE Pension Plan in 2013. We expect to contribute $528 million to the GE Pension Plan in 2014. In addition, we expect to pay approximately $244 million for benefit payments under our GE Supplementary Pension Plan and administrative expenses of our principal pension plans and expect to contribute approximately $800 million to other pension plans in 2014. In 2013, comparative amounts were $225 million and $673 million, respectively. 

 
 

 Benefit obligations  are described in the following tables. Accumulated and projected benefit obligations (ABO and PBO) represent the obligations of a pension plan for past service as of the measurement date. ABO is the present value of benefits earned to date with benefits computed based on current compensation levels. PBO is ABO increased to reflect expected future compensation. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Projected Benefit Obligation 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
 Other pension plans 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 63,502  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  60,510  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,584  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,637  
 
 
 
 Service cost for benefits earned 
 
   
 
 1,535  
 
   
   
 
  1,387  
 
   
   
 
  435  
 
   
   
 
  392  
 
 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligations 
 
   
 
 2,460  
 
   
   
 
  2,479  
 
   
   
 
  523  
 
   
   
 
  514  
 
 
 
 Participant contributions 
 
   
 
 156  
 
   
   
 
  157  
 
   
   
 
  14  
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
 
 
 Plan amendments 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  (6) 
 
 
 
 Actuarial loss (gain) (a) 
 
   
 
 (6,406) 
 
   
   
 
  2,021  
 
   
   
 
  (575) 
 
   
   
 
  890  
 
 
 
 Benefits paid 
 
   
 
 (3,134) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,052) 
 
   
   
 
  (477) 
 
   
   
 
  (425) 
 
 
 
 Acquisitions (dispositions) / other - net 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  46  
 
   
   
 
  230  
 
 
 
 Exchange rate adjustments 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (26) 
 
   
   
 
  336  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 58,113  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  63,502  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,535  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,584  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Principally associated with discount rate changes. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 The PBO for the GE Supplementary Pension Plan, which is an unfunded plan, was $5,162 million and $5,494 million at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

   

   

 
 
 
 
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE Pension Plan 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  50,967  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  55,664  
 
 
 
 GE Supplementary Pension Plan 
 
   
 
  3,946  
 
   
   
 
  4,114  
 
 
 
 Other pension plans 
 
   
 
  12,629  
 
   
   
 
  12,687  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Plans With Assets Less Than ABO 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Funded plans with assets less than ABO 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Plan assets 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  57,430  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  53,276  
 
 
 
     Accumulated benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  60,715  
 
   
   
 
  66,069  
 
 
 
     Projected benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  63,532  
 
   
   
 
  69,234  
 
 
 
 Unfunded plans(a) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Accumulated benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  5,243  
 
   
   
 
  5,390  
 
 
 
     Projected benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  6,512  
 
   
   
 
  6,828  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Primarily related to the GE Supplementary Pension Plan. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Plan Assets 

   

 The fair value of the classes of the pension plans' investments is presented below. The inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of the assets are consistently applied and described in Note 1. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (148) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
 Other pension plans 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 44,738  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  42,137  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,702  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,381  
 
 
 
 Actual gain on plan assets 
 
   
 
 6,312  
 
   
   
 
  4,854  
 
   
   
 
  1,212  
 
   
   
 
  720  
 
 
 
 Employer contributions 
 
   
 
 225  
 
   
   
 
  642  
 
   
   
 
  673  
 
   
   
 
  737  
 
 
 
 Participant contributions 
 
   
 
 156  
 
   
   
 
  157  
 
   
   
 
  14  
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
 
 
 Benefits paid 
 
   
 
 (3,134) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,052) 
 
   
   
 
  (477) 
 
   
   
 
  (425) 
 
 
 
 Acquisitions (dispositions) / other - net 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (31) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Exchange rate adjustments 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (34) 
 
   
   
 
  273  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 48,297  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  44,738  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,059  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,702  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Asset Allocation 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Other pension plans 
 
   
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
 (weighted average) 
 
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
   
 
 Target 
 
   
 
 Actual 
 
   
 
 Target 
 
   
 
 Actual 
 
   
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Equity securities 
 
 
 17 - 57 
 
 
 % (a) 
 
 
 45  
 
 
 % (b) 
 
 
 55  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 55  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Debt securities (including cash equivalents) 
 
 
 13 - 53 
 
   
 
 31  
 
   
 
 32  
 
   
 
 34  
 
   
 
 
 Private equities 
 
 
 8 - 18 
 
   
 
 13  
 
   
 
 2  
 
   
 
 1  
 
   
 
 
 Real estate 
 
 
 2 - 12 
 
   
 
 7  
 
   
 
 6  
 
   
 
 5  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 3 - 13 
 
   
 
 4  
 
   
 
 5  
 
   
 
 5  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Target equally divided between U.S. equity securities and non-U.S. equity securities. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Actual allocations were 26% for U.S. equity securities and 19% for non-U.S. equity securities. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Plan fiduciaries of the GE Pension Plan set investment policies and strategies for the GE Pension Trust and oversee its investment allocation, which includes selecting investment managers, commissioning periodic asset-liability studies and setting long-term strategic targets. Long-term strategic investment objectives take into consideration a number of factors, including the funded status of the plan, a balance between risk and return and the plan’s liquidity needs. Target allocation percentages are established at an asset class level by plan fiduciaries. Target allocation ranges are guidelines, not limitations, and occasionally plan fiduciaries will approve allocations above or below a target range. 

 
 

 Plan fiduciaries monitor the GE Pension Plan’s liquidity position in order to meet the near-term benefit payment and other cash needs. The GE Pension Plan holds short-term debt securities to meet its liquidity needs. 

 
 

 GE Pension Trust assets are invested subject to the following additional guidelines: 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Short-term securities must generally be rated A-1/P-1 or better, except for 15% of such securities that may be rated A-2/P-2 and other short-term securities as may be approved by the plan fiduciaries. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Real estate investments may not exceed 25% of total assets. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Investments in restricted securities (excluding real estate investments) that are not freely tradable may not exceed 30% of total assets (actual was 17% of trust assets at December 31, 2013). 
 
 
 

 
 

 According to statute, the aggregate holdings of all qualifying employer securities (e.g., GE common stock) and qualifying employer real property may not exceed 10% of the fair value of trust assets at the time of purchase. GE securities represented 4.5% and 4.2% of trust assets at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (149) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The GE Pension Plan has a broadly diversified portfolio of investments in equities, fixed income, private equities, real estate and hedge funds; these investments are both U.S. and non-U.S. in nature. As of December 31, 2013, U.S. government direct and indirect obligations represented 16% of total GE Pension Plan assets. No other sector concentration of assets exceeded 15% of total GE Pension Plan assets. 

 
 

 The following tables present GE Pension Plan investments measured at fair value. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 Level 1 
 
   
   
 
 Level 2 
 
   
   
 
 Level 3 
 
   
   
 
 Total 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2013 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Equity securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     U.S. equity securities(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,067  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,568  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,635  
 
 
 
     Non-U.S. equity securities(a) 
 
   
 
  7,832  
 
   
   
 
  1,292  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  9,124  
 
 
 
 Debt securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Fixed income and cash investment funds 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,078  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,078  
 
 
 
     U.S. corporate(b) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,555  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,555  
 
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,093  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,093  
 
 
 
     U.S. government and federal agency(c) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,253  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,253  
 
 
 
     Other debt securities(d) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,317  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,317  
 
 
 
 Private equities (a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6,269  
 
   
   
 
  6,269  
 
 
 
 Real estate (a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,354  
 
   
   
 
  3,354  
 
 
 
 Other investments (e) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  169  
 
   
   
 
  1,622  
 
   
   
 
  1,791  
 
 
 
 Total investments 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  18,899  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  18,325  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,245  
 
   
   
 
  48,469  
 
 
 
 Other (f) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  (172) 
 
 
 
 Total assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  48,297  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2012 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Equity securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     U.S. equity securities(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,876  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,462  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,338  
 
 
 
     Non-U.S. equity securities(a) 
 
   
 
  6,699  
 
   
   
 
  1,644  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  8,343  
 
 
 
 Debt securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Fixed income and cash investment funds 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,931  
 
   
   
 
  50  
 
   
   
 
  1,981  
 
 
 
     U.S. corporate(b) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,758  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,758  
 
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,420  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  1,423  
 
 
 
     U.S. government and federal agency(c) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,489  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,489  
 
 
 
     Other debt securities(d) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,053  
 
   
   
 
  22  
 
   
   
 
  2,075  
 
 
 
 Private equities (a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6,878  
 
   
   
 
  6,878  
 
 
 
 Real estate (a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,356  
 
   
   
 
  3,356  
 
 
 
 Other investments (e) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  44  
 
   
   
 
  1,694  
 
   
   
 
  1,738  
 
 
 
 Total investments 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,575  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,801  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,003  
 
   
   
 
  45,379  
 
 
 
 Other (f) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  (641) 
 
 
 
 Total assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  44,738  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included direct investments and investment funds. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Primarily represented investment-grade bonds of U.S. issuers from diverse industries. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included short-term investments to meet liquidity needs. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Primarily represented investments in non-U.S. corporate bonds, non-U.S. government bonds and commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Substantially all represented hedge fund investments. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (f) 
 
 
 Primarily represented net unsettled transactions related to purchases and sales of investments and accrued income receivables. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (150) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The following tables present the changes in Level 3 investments for the GE Pension Plan. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Investments for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Purchases, 
 
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 issuances 
 
   
 
 in and/or 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 Net realized 
 
   
 
 Net unrealized 
 
   
 
 and 
 
   
 
 out of 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
 
 settlements 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 2013  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Fixed income and cash 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        investment funds 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  50  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (7) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (43) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
     Other debt securities 
 
   
 
  22  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (22) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Private equities 
 
   
 
  6,878  
 
   
   
 
  525  
 
   
   
 
  588  
 
   
   
 
  (1,675) 
 
   
   
 
  (47) 
 
   
   
 
  6,269  
 
 
 
 Real estate 
 
   
 
  3,356  
 
   
   
 
  23  
 
   
   
 
  330  
 
   
   
 
  (355) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,354  
 
 
 
 Other investments 
 
   
 
 1,694  
 
   
   
 
 (1) 
 
   
   
 
 200  
 
   
   
 
 (77) 
 
   
   
 
 (194) 
 
   
   
 
 1,622  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,003  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 540  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,118  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (2,172) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (244) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,245  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 (a)           Transfers in and out of Level 3 are considered to occur at the beginning of the period. 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Investments for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Purchases, 
 
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 issuances 
 
   
 
 in and/or 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 Net realized 
 
   
 
 Net unrealized 
 
   
 
 and 
 
   
 
 out of 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
 
 settlements 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Fixed income and cash 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        investment funds 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  62  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (21) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  50  
 
 
 
     U.S. corporate 
 
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
     Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  5  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
 
 
     Other debt securities 
 
   
 
  146  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (122) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  22  
 
 
 
 Private equities 
 
   
 
  6,786  
 
   
   
 
  133  
 
   
   
 
  438  
 
   
   
 
  (479) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6,878  
 
 
 
 Real estate 
 
   
 
  3,274  
 
   
   
 
  20  
 
   
   
 
  279  
 
   
   
 
  (217) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,356  
 
 
 
 Other investments 
 
   
 
  1,709  
 
   
   
 
  32  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
   
   
 
  (71) 
 
   
   
 
  (48) 
 
   
   
 
  1,694  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,985  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  180  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  798  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (912) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (48) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,003  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Transfers in and out of Level 3 are considered to occur at the beginning of the period. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Other pension plans’ assets were $11,059 million and $9,702 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Equity and debt securities amounting to $9,781 million and $8,497 million represented approximately 89% of total investments at both December 31, 2013 and 2012. The plans’ investments were classified as 11% Level 1, 78% Level 2 and 11% Level 3 at December 31, 2013. The plans’ investments were classified as 14% Level 1, 75% Level 2 and 11% Level 3 at December 31, 2012. The changes in Level 3 investments were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (151) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Pension Asset (Liability) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
 Other pension plans 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Funded status(a)(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (9,816) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (18,764) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (2,476) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (3,882) 
 
 
 
 Pension asset (liability) recorded in the 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Statement of Financial Position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Pension asset 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 325  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 141  
 
 
 
        Pension liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           Due within one year(c) 
 
   
 
 (170) 
 
   
   
 
 (159) 
 
   
   
 
 (67) 
 
   
   
 
 (62) 
 
 
 
           Due after one year 
 
   
 
 (9,646) 
 
   
   
 
 (18,605) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,734) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,961) 
 
 
 
 Net amount recognized 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (9,816) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (18,764) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (2,476) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (3,882) 
 
 
 
 Amounts recorded in shareowners’ 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     equity (unamortized) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Prior service cost (credit) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,160  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,406  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 9  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (4) 
 
 
 
        Net actuarial loss 
 
   
 
 11,555  
 
   
   
 
 24,437  
 
   
   
 
 2,459  
 
   
   
 
 3,962  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,715  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 25,843  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,468  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,958  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Fair value of assets less PBO, as shown in the preceding tables. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 The GE Pension Plan was underfunded by $4.7 billion and $13.3 billion at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 For principal pension plans, represents the GE Supplementary Pension Plan liability. 
 
 
 

   

   

 In 2014, we estimate that we will amortize $215 million of prior service cost and $2,565 million of net actuarial loss for the principal pension plans from shareowners’ equity into pension cost. For other pension plans, the estimated prior service cost and net actuarial loss to be amortized in 2014 will be $5 million and $215 million, respectively. Comparable amortized amounts in 2013, respectively, were $246 million and $3,664 million for the principal pension plans and $7 million and $343 million for other pension plans. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 2019  
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2014  
 
   
   
 
 2015  
 
   
   
 
 2016  
 
   
   
 
 2017  
 
   
   
 
 2018  
 
   
   
 
 2023  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Principal pension 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,105  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,175  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,240  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,310  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,380  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 18,370  
 
   
 
 
     plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other pension 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     plans 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 495  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 505  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 510  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 525  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 540  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,935  
 
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Retiree Health and Life Benefits 

   

 We sponsor a number of retiree health and life insurance benefit plans (retiree benefit plans). Principal retiree benefit plans are discussed below; other such plans are not significant individually or in the aggregate. We use a December 31 measurement date for our plans. 

 
 

 Principal Retiree Benefit Plans  provide health and life insurance benefits to certain eligible participants and these participants share in the cost of healthcare benefits. In 2012, we amended our principal retiree benefit plans such that, effective January 1, 2015, our post-65 retiree medical plans will be closed to salaried and retired salaried employees who are not enrolled in the plans as of that date, and we will no longer offer company-provided life insurance in retirement for certain salaried employees who retire after that date. These plans cover approximately 198,000 retirees and dependents. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (152) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Cost of Principal Retiree Benefit Plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Service cost for benefits earned 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  229  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  219  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  216  
 
 
 
 Prior service cost amortization 
 
   
 
  393  
 
   
   
 
  518  
 
   
   
 
  647  
 
 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 
   
 
  (60) 
 
   
   
 
  (73) 
 
   
   
 
  (97) 
 
 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  410  
 
   
   
 
  491  
 
   
   
 
  604  
 
 
 
 Net actuarial loss (gain) amortization 
 
   
 
  (45) 
 
   
   
 
  32  
 
   
   
 
  (110) 
 
 
 
 Net curtailment/settlement gain 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (101) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Retiree benefit plans cost 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  927  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,086  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,260  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 Actuarial assumptions  are described below. The actuarial assumptions at December 31 are used to measure the year-end benefit obligations and the retiree benefit plan costs for the subsequent year. 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2010  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 
  4.61  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  3.74  
 
 
 %(a) 
 
 
  4.09  
 
 
 %(a) 
 
 
  5.15  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
 Compensation increases 
 
 
  4.00  
 
   
 
  3.90  
 
   
 
  3.75  
 
   
 
  4.25  
 
   
 
 
 Expected return on assets 
 
 
  7.00  
 
   
 
  7.00  
 
   
 
  7.00  
 
   
 
  8.00  
 
   
 
 
 Initial healthcare trend rate(b) 
 
 
  6.00  
 
   
 
  6.50  
 
   
 
  7.00  
 
   
 
  7.00  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Weighted average discount rates of 3.77% and 3.94% were used for determination of costs in 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 For 2013, ultimately declining to 5% for 2030 and thereafter. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 To determine the expected long-term rate of return on retiree life plan assets, we consider current and target asset allocations, historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets, as well as expected benefit payments and resulting asset levels. In developing future return expectations for retiree benefit plan assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the U.S. and abroad. We evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. We also take into account expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall portfolio results given current and target allocations. Based on our analysis of future expectations of asset performance, past return results, our current and target asset allocations as well as a shorter time horizon for retiree life plan assets, we have assumed a 7.0% long-term expected return on those assets for cost recognition in 2014. We apply our expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in the amounts to which we apply that expected return. 

 
 

 We amortize experience gains and losses, as well as the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions and plan provisions, over a period no longer than the average future service of employees. 

 
 

 Funding Policy.  We fund retiree health benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis. We expect to contribute approximately $545 million in 2014 to fund such benefits. We fund the retiree life insurance trust at our discretion. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (153) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Changes in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for retiree benefit plans follow. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,804  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,056  
 
   
 
 
 Service cost for benefits earned 
 
   
 
  229  
 
   
   
 
  219  
 
   
 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligations 
 
   
 
  410  
 
   
   
 
  491  
 
   
 
 
 Participant contributions 
 
   
 
  52  
 
   
   
 
  54  
 
   
 
 
 Plan amendments 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (832) 
 
   
 
 
 Actuarial gain 
 
   
 
  (1,836) 
 
 
 (a) 
 
   
 
  (60) 
 
   
 
 
 Benefits paid 
 
   
 
  (746) 
 
   
   
 
  (758) 
 
   
 
 
 Net curtailment/settlement 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (366) 
 
   
 
 
 Balance at December 31(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,913  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,804  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Primarily associated with discount rate change and lower costs from new healthcare supplier contracts. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 The APBO for the retiree health plans was $7,626 million and $9,218 million at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

   

 A one percentage point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would have the following effects. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 1% 
 
   
 
 1% 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 Increase 
 
   
 
 Decrease 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 APBO at December 31, 2013 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  788  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (671) 
 
 
 
 Service and interest cost in 2013 
 
   
 
  63  
 
   
   
 
  (52) 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Plan Assets 

   

 The fair value of the classes of retiree benefit plans' investments is presented below. The inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of assets are consistently applied and described in Note 1. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  946  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,004  
 
 
 
 Actual gain on plan assets 
 
   
 
  118  
 
   
   
 
  98  
 
 
 
 Employer contributions 
 
   
 
  533  
 
   
   
 
  548  
 
 
 
 Participant contributions 
 
   
 
  52  
 
   
   
 
  54  
 
 
 
 Benefits paid 
 
   
 
  (746) 
 
   
   
 
  (758) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  903  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  946  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Asset Allocation 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
   
 
 Target 
 
   
 
 Actual 
 
   
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
 allocation 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Equity securities 
 
 
 35 - 75  
 
 
 %(a) 
 
 
  39  
 
 
 %(b) 
 
 
 
 Debt securities (including cash equivalents) 
 
 
 11 - 46  
 
   
 
  38  
 
   
 
 
 Private equities 
 
 
 0 - 25  
 
   
 
  14  
 
   
 
 
 Real estate 
 
 
 0 - 12  
 
   
 
  7  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 0 - 10  
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Target allocations were 18-38% for U.S. equity securities and 17-37% for non-U.S. equity securities. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Actual allocations were 23% for U.S. equity securities and 16% for non-U.S. equity securities. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (154) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Plan fiduciaries set investment policies and strategies for the trust and oversee its investment allocation, which includes selecting investment managers and setting long-term strategic targets. The primary strategic investment objectives are balancing investment risk and return and monitoring the plan’s liquidity position in order to meet the near-term benefit payment and other cash needs. Target allocation percentages are established at an asset class level by plan fiduciaries. Target allocation ranges are guidelines, not limitations, and occasionally plan fiduciaries will approve allocations above or below a target range. 

 
 

 Trust assets invested in short-term securities must generally be invested in securities rated A-1/P-1 or better, except for 15% of such securities that may be rated A-2/P-2 and other short-term securities as may be approved by the plan fiduciaries. According to statute, the aggregate holdings of all qualifying employer securities (e.g., GE common stock) and qualifying employer real property may not exceed 10% of the fair value of trust assets at the time of purchase. GE securities represented 4.0% and 5.8% of trust assets at year-end 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 Retiree life plan assets were $903 million and $946 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Equity and debt securities amounting to $727 million and $741 million represented approximately 77% and 75% of total investments at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The plans’ investments were classified as 33% Level 1, 43% Level 2 and 24% Level 3 at December 31, 2013. The plans’ investments were classified as 28% Level 1, 47% Level 2 and 25% Level 3 at December 31, 2012. The changes in Level 3 investments were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Retiree Benefit Asset (Liability) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Funded status(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,010) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (10,858) 
 
 
 
 Liability recorded in the Statement of Financial Position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Retiree health plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Due within one year 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (531) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (589) 
 
 
 
        Due after one year 
 
   
 
  (7,095) 
 
   
   
 
  (8,629) 
 
 
 
     Retiree life plans 
 
   
 
  (1,384) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,640) 
 
 
 
 Net liability recognized 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,010) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (10,858) 
 
 
 
 Amounts recorded in shareowners' equity (unamortized) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Prior service cost 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  963  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,356  
 
 
 
     Net actuarial loss (gain) 
 
   
 
  (1,667) 
 
   
   
 
  182  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (704) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,538  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Fair value of assets less APBO, as shown in the preceding tables. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 In 2014, we estimate that we will amortize $395 million of prior service cost and $170 million of net actuarial gain from shareowners’ equity into retiree benefit plans cost. Comparable amortized amounts in 2013 were $393 million of prior service cost and $45 million of net actuarial gain. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 2019  
 
 
 – 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2014  
 
   
   
 
 2015  
 
   
   
 
 2016  
 
   
   
 
 2017  
 
   
   
 
 2018  
 
   
   
 
 2023  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  725  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  725  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  725  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  725  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  725  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,500  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (155) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Postretirement Benefit Plans 

   

 2013 Cost of Postretirement Benefit Plans and Changes in Other Comprehensive Income 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Total 
 
   
 
 Principal 
 
   
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 Retiree 
 
 
   
 
 postretirement 
 
   
 
 pension 
 
   
 
 pension 
 
   
 
 benefit 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 benefit plans 
 
   
 
 plans 
 
   
 
 plans 
 
   
 
 plans 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cost of postretirement benefit plans 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,977  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,405  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  645  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  927  
 
 
 
 Changes in other comprehensive income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Prior service cost – current year 
 
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
        Net actuarial gain – current year(a) 
 
   
 
  (12,263) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,218) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,151) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,894) 
 
 
 
        Prior service cost amortization 
 
   
 
  (646) 
 
   
   
 
  (246) 
 
   
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  (393) 
 
 
 
        Net actuarial gain (loss) amortization 
 
   
 
  (3,962) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,664) 
 
   
   
 
  (343) 
 
   
   
 
  45  
 
 
 
 Total changes in other comprehensive income 
 
   
 
  (16,860) 
 
   
   
 
  (13,128) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,490) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,242) 
 
 
 
 Cost of postretirement benefit plans and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        changes in other comprehensive income 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (10,883) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (8,723) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (845) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,315) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Principally associated with discount rate changes and plan asset gains in excess of expected return on plan assets. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 NOTE 13. ALL OTHER LIABILITIES 

   

 This caption includes liabilities for various items including non-current compensation and benefits, deferred income, interest on tax liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, environmental remediation, asset retirement obligations, derivative instruments, product warranties and a variety of sundry items. 

 
 

 Accruals for non-current compensation and benefits amounted to $27,853 million and $40,318 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These amounts include postretirement benefits, pension accruals, and other compensation and benefit accruals such as deferred incentive compensation. See Note 12. 

 
 

 We are involved in numerous remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. Liabilities for remediation costs exclude possible insurance recoveries and, when dates and amounts of such costs are not known, are not discounted. When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low end of such range. It is reasonably possible that our environmental remediation exposure will exceed amounts accrued. However, due to uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, technology and information related to individual sites, such amounts are not reasonably estimable. Total reserves related to environmental remediation and asbestos claims, were $2,612 million at December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (156) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 14. INCOME TAXES 

   

   

 
 
 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Current tax expense 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,239  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,307  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,166  
 
 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) from temporary differences 
 
   
 
  (2,571) 
 
   
   
 
 (294) 
 
   
   
 
 (327) 
 
 
   
   
 
  1,668  
 
   
   
 
 2,013  
 
   
   
 
 4,839  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Current tax expense (benefit) 
 
   
 
  (268) 
 
   
   
 
 1,379  
 
   
   
 
 783  
 
 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) from temporary differences 
 
   
 
  (724) 
 
   
   
 
 (858) 
 
   
   
 
 123  
 
 
   
   
 
  (992) 
 
   
   
 
 521  
 
   
   
 
 906  
 
 
 
 Consolidated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Current tax expense 
 
   
 
  3,971  
 
   
   
 
 3,686  
 
   
   
 
 5,949  
 
 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) from temporary differences 
 
   
 
  (3,295) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,152) 
 
   
   
 
 (204) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  676  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,534  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,745  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 GE and GECC file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. This enables GE to use GECC tax deductions and credits to reduce the tax that otherwise would have been payable by GE. The GECC effective tax rate for each period reflects the benefit of these tax reductions in the consolidated return. GE makes cash payments to GECC for these tax reductions at the time GE’s tax payments are due. 

 
 

 Consolidated U.S. earnings from continuing operations before income taxes were $6,099 million, $8,309 million and $10,206 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The corresponding amounts for non-U.S.-based operations were $10,052 million, $9,072 million and $9,953 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Consolidated current tax expense includes amounts applicable to U.S. federal income taxes of $85 million, $685 million and $1,079 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, including the benefit from GECC deductions and credits applied against GE’s current U.S. tax expense. Consolidated current tax expense amounts applicable to non-U.S. jurisdictions were $3,659 million, $2,871 million and $4,624 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Consolidated deferred taxes related to U.S. federal income taxes were an expense (benefit) of $(2,315) million, $(414) million and $1,529 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and amounts applicable to non-U.S. jurisdictions of an expense (benefit) of $(1,038) million, $(773) million and $(2,077) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. To the extent we do not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (157) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Our businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal, state and foreign tax laws, regulations and policies. Changes to these laws or regulations may affect our tax liability, return on investments and business operations. For example, GE’s effective tax rate is reduced because active business income earned and indefinitely reinvested outside the United States is taxed at less than the U.S. rate. A significant portion of this reduction depends upon a provision of U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S. tax on certain active financial services income until that income is repatriated to the United States as a dividend. This provision is consistent with international tax norms and permits U.S. financial services companies to compete more effectively with foreign banks and other foreign financial institutions in global markets. This provision, which had expired at the end of 2011, was reinstated in January 2013 retroactively for two years through the end of 2013. The provision had been scheduled to expire and had been extended by Congress on six previous occasions, but there can be no assurance that it will continue to be extended. In the event the provision is not extended after 2013, the current U.S. tax imposed on active financial services income earned outside the United States would increase, making it more difficult for U.S. financial services companies to compete in global markets. If this provision is not extended, we expect our effective tax rate to increase significantly after 2014. 

 
 

 We have not provided U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative earnings of non-U.S. affiliates and associated companies that have been reinvested indefinitely. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and, at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, were approximately $110 billion and $108 billion, respectively. Most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations and we do not intend to repatriate these earnings to fund U.S. operations. Because of the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits, it is not practicable to determine the U.S. federal income tax liability that would be payable if such earnings were not reinvested indefinitely. Deferred taxes are provided for earnings of non-U.S. affiliates and associated companies when we plan to remit those earnings. 

 
 

 Annually, we file over 5,800 income tax returns in over 250 global taxing jurisdictions. We are under examination or engaged in tax litigation in many of these jurisdictions. During 2013, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) completed the audit of our consolidated U.S. income tax returns for 2008-2009, except for certain issues that remain under examination. During 2011, the IRS completed the audit of our consolidated U.S. income tax returns for 2006-2007, except for certain issues that remained under examination. At December 31, 2013, the IRS was auditing our consolidated U.S. income tax returns for 2010-2011. In addition, certain other U.S. tax deficiency issues and refund claims for previous years were unresolved. The IRS has disallowed the tax loss on our 2003 disposition of ERC Life Reinsurance Corporation. We have contested the disallowance of this loss. It is reasonably possible that the unresolved items could be resolved during the next 12 months, which could result in a decrease in our balance of “unrecognized tax benefits” – that is, the aggregate tax effect of differences between tax return positions and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. We believe that there are no other jurisdictions in which the outcome of unresolved issues or claims is likely to be material to our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We further believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties. Resolution of audit matters, including the IRS audit of our consolidated U.S. income tax returns for 2008-2009, reduced our 2013 consolidated income tax rate by 2.8 percentage points. Resolution of audit matters, including the IRS audit of our consolidated U.S. income tax returns for 2006-2007, reduced our 2011 consolidated effective tax rate by 2.4 percentage points. 

 
 

 The balance of unrecognized tax benefits, the amount of related interest and penalties we have provided and what we believe to be the range of reasonably possible changes in the next 12 months were: 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,816  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,445  
 
 
 
     Portion that, if recognized, would reduce tax expense and effective tax rate(a) 
 
   
 
  4,307  
 
   
   
 
  4,032  
 
 
 
 Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits 
 
   
 
  975  
 
   
   
 
  961  
 
 
 
 Accrued penalties on unrecognized tax benefits 
 
   
 
  164  
 
   
   
 
  173  
 
 
 
 Reasonably possible reduction to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     in succeeding 12 months 
 
   
 
 0-900  
 
   
   
 
 0-800  
 
 
 
     Portion that, if recognized, would reduce tax expense and effective tax rate(a) 
 
   
 
 0-350  
 
   
   
 
 0-700  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Some portion of such reduction might be reported as discontinued operations. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (158) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,445  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,230  
 
 
 
 Additions for tax positions of the current year 
 
   
 
  771  
 
   
   
 
  293  
 
 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 
   
 
  872  
 
   
   
 
  882  
 
 
 
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 
   
 
  (1,140) 
 
   
   
 
  (723) 
 
 
 
 Settlements with tax authorities 
 
   
 
  (98) 
 
   
   
 
  (191) 
 
 
 
 Expiration of the statute of limitations 
 
   
 
  (34) 
 
   
   
 
  (46) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,816  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,445  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 We classify interest on tax deficiencies as interest expense; we classify income tax penalties as provision for income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, $22 million, $(45) million and $(197) million of interest expense (income), respectively, and $0 million, $33 million and $10 million of tax expense (income) related to penalties, respectively, were recognized in the Statement of Earnings. 

 
 

 A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the actual income tax rate is provided below. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Reconciliation of U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to Actual Income Tax Rate 

   
 
   
 
   
 
 Consolidated 
 
   
 
 GE 
 
   
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 U.S. federal statutory income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     tax rate 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  35.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
 
     Increase (reduction) in rate 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        resulting from 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        inclusion of after-tax 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        earnings of GECC in 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        before-tax earnings of GE 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  (16.9) 
 
   
 
  (15.3) 
 
   
 
  (11.9) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
     Tax on global activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        including exports(a) 
 
 
  (24.7) 
 
   
 
  (12.5) 
 
   
 
  (10.4) 
 
   
 
  (4.1) 
 
   
 
  (4.3) 
 
   
 
  (5.2) 
 
   
 
  (45.0) 
 
   
 
  (18.4) 
 
   
 
  (14.7) 
 
   
 
 
    NBCU gain 
 
 
  (0.7) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  9.3  
 
   
 
  (0.7) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  9.8  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
    Business Property disposition 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
  (1.9) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
  (4.2) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
     U.S. business credits(b) 
 
 
  (3.6) 
 
   
 
  (2.6) 
 
   
 
  (3.2) 
 
   
 
  (1.5) 
 
   
 
  (0.7) 
 
   
 
  (1.5) 
 
   
 
  (4.6) 
 
   
 
  (4.3) 
 
   
 
  (4.7) 
 
   
 
 
     All other – net 
 
 
  (1.8) 
 
   
 
  (3.4) 
 
   
 
  (2.2) 
 
   
 
  (2.0) 
 
   
 
  (2.7) 
 
   
 
  (0.9) 
 
   
 
  1.0  
 
   
 
  (1.5) 
 
   
 
  (3.5) 
 
   
 
   
 
  (30.8) 
 
   
 
  (20.4) 
 
   
 
  (6.5) 
 
   
 
  (25.2) 
 
   
 
  (23.0) 
 
   
 
  (9.7) 
 
   
 
  (48.6) 
 
   
 
  (28.4) 
 
   
 
  (22.9) 
 
   
 
 
 Actual income tax rate 
 
 
  4.2  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  14.6  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  28.5  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  9.8  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  12.0  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  25.3  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  (13.6) 
 
 
 % 
 
 
  6.6  
 
 
 % 
 
 
  12.1  
 
 
 % 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included (6.0)% and (13.3)% in consolidated and GECC, respectively, related to the sale of 68.5% of our Swiss consumer finance bank, Cembra Money Bank AG (Cembra), through an initial public offering in 2013. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 U.S. general business credits, primarily the credit for manufacture of energy efficient appliances, the credit for energy produced from renewable sources, the advanced energy project credit, the low-income housing credit and the credit for research performed in the U.S. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (159) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Deferred Income Taxes 

   

 Aggregate deferred income tax amounts are summarized below. 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,284  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  19,745  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
  13,224  
 
   
   
 
  11,876  
 
 
   
   
 
  28,508  
 
   
   
 
  31,621  
 
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
 
  (10,223) 
 
   
   
 
  (13,799) 
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
  (18,010) 
 
   
   
 
  (17,876) 
 
 
   
   
 
  (28,233) 
 
   
   
 
  (31,675) 
 
 
 
 Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  275  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (54) 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 Principal components of our net asset (liability) representing deferred income tax balances are as follows: 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Provision for expenses(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,934  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,503  
 
 
 
 Principal pension plans 
 
   
 
  3,436  
 
   
   
 
  6,567  
 
 
 
 Retiree insurance plans 
 
   
 
  3,154  
 
   
   
 
  3,800  
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. loss carryforwards(b) 
 
   
 
  874  
 
   
   
 
  942  
 
 
 
 Contract costs and estimated earnings 
 
   
 
  (3,550) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,087) 
 
 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
   
 
  (2,268) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,269) 
 
 
 
 Depreciation 
 
   
 
  (1,079) 
 
   
   
 
  (698) 
 
 
 
 Investment in global subsidiaries 
 
   
 
  (1,077) 
 
   
   
 
  (921) 
 
 
 
 Investment in NBCU LLC 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (4,937) 
 
 
 
 Other – net 
 
   
 
  (363) 
 
   
   
 
  46  
 
 
   
   
 
  5,061  
 
   
   
 
  5,946  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Operating leases 
 
   
 
  (6,284) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,141) 
 
 
 
 Financing leases 
 
   
 
  (4,075) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,506) 
 
 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
   
 
  (1,943) 
 
   
   
 
  (1,666) 
 
 
 
 Cash flow hedges 
 
   
 
  (163) 
 
   
   
 
  (115) 
 
 
 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 
   
 
  (145) 
 
   
   
 
  (314) 
 
 
 
 Non-U.S. loss carryforwards(b) 
 
   
 
  3,791  
 
   
   
 
  3,049  
 
 
 
 Allowance for losses 
 
   
 
  2,640  
 
   
   
 
  1,975  
 
 
 
 Investment in global subsidiaries 
 
   
 
  1,883  
 
   
   
 
  1,689  
 
 
 
 Other – net 
 
   
 
  (490) 
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
 
   
   
 
  (4,786) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,000) 
 
 
 
 Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  275  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (54) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Represented the tax effects of temporary differences related to expense accruals for a wide variety of items, such as employee compensation and benefits, other pension plan liabilities, interest on tax liabilities, product warranties and other sundry items that are not currently deductible. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Net of valuation allowances of $2,089 million and $1,712 million for GE and $862 million and $628 million for GECC, for 2013 and 2012, respectively. Of the net deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2013, of $4,665 million, $30 million relates to net operating loss carryforwards that expire in various years ending from December 31, 2014, through December 31, 2016; $478 million relates to net operating losses that expire in various years ending from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2030 and $4,157 million relates to net operating loss carryforwards that may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (160) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 15. SHAREOWNERS’ EQUITY 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Preferred stock issued 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Common stock issued 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  702  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  702  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  702  
 
 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,230) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (23,974) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (17,855) 
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 
   
 
  8,844  
 
   
   
 
  841  
 
   
   
 
  (9,601) 
 
 
 
 Reclassifications from other comprehensive income 
 
   
 
  2,266  
 
   
   
 
  2,903  
 
   
   
 
  3,482  
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income, net, attributable to GE 
 
   
 
  11,110  
 
   
   
 
  3,744  
 
   
   
 
  (6,119) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,120) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,230) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (23,974) 
 
 
 
 Other capital 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  33,070  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  33,693  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  36,890  
 
 
 
 Gains (losses) on treasury stock dispositions and other 
 
   
 
  (576) 
 
   
   
 
  (623) 
 
   
   
 
  (703) 
 
 
 
 Preferred stock redemption 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (2,494) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  32,494  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  33,070  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  33,693  
 
 
 
 Retained earnings 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  144,055  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  137,786  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  131,137  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
  13,057  
 
   
   
 
  13,641  
 
   
   
 
  14,151  
 
 
 
 Dividends(a) 
 
   
 
  (8,060) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,372) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,498) 
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  149,051  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  144,055  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  137,786  
 
 
 
 Common stock held in treasury 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (34,571) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (31,769) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (31,938) 
 
 
 
 Purchases 
 
   
 
  (10,466) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,295) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,067) 
 
 
 
 Dispositions 
 
   
 
  2,476  
 
   
   
 
  2,493  
 
   
   
 
  2,236  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (42,561) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (34,571) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (31,769) 
 
 
 
 Total equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE shareowners' equity balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  130,566  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  123,026  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  116,438  
 
 
 
 Noncontrolling interests balance at December 31 
 
   
 
  6,217  
 
   
   
 
  5,444  
 
   
   
 
  1,696  
 
 
 
 Total equity balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  136,783  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  128,470  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  118,134  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 (a)           Included $1,031 million ($806 million related to our preferred stock redemption) of dividends on preferred stock in 2011. 

   

   

 Shares of GE Preferred Stock 

   

 On October 16, 2008, we issued 30,000 shares of 10% cumulative perpetual preferred stock (par value $1.00 per share) having an aggregate liquidation value of $3,000 million, and warrants to purchase 134,831,460 shares of common stock (par value $0.06 per share) to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire Hathaway) for net proceeds of $2,965 million in cash. The proceeds were allocated to the preferred shares ($2,494 million) and the warrants ($471 million) on a relative fair value basis and recorded in other capital. The warrants were exercisable through October 16, 2013, at an exercise price of $22.25 per share of common stock and were to be settled through physical share issuance. The terms of the warrants were amended in January 2013 to allow for net share settlement where the total number of issued shares is based on the amount by which the average market price of GE common stock over the 20 trading days preceding the date of exercise exceeds the exercise price of $22.25. On October 16, 2013, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire Hathaway) exercised in full their warrants to purchase shares of GE common stock and on October 17, 2013, GE delivered 10.7 million shares to Berkshire Hathaway. The transaction had equal and offsetting effects on other capital and common stock held in treasury. 

 
 

 The preferred stock was redeemable at our option three years after issuance at a price of 110% of liquidation value plus accrued and unpaid dividends. On September 13, 2011, we provided notice to Berkshire Hathaway that we would redeem the shares for the stated redemption price of $3,300 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. In connection with this notice, we recognized a preferred dividend of $806 million (calculated as the difference between the carrying value and redemption value of the preferred stock), which was recorded as a reduction to earnings attributable to common shareowners and common shareowners’ equity. The preferred shares were redeemed on October 17, 2011. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (161) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 GE has 50 million authorized shares of preferred stock ($1.00 par value). No shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 Shares of GE Common Stock 

   

 On December 14, 2012, we increased the existing authorization by $10 billion to $25 billion for our share repurchase program and extended the program (which would have otherwise expired on December 31, 2013) through 2015. On February 12, 2013, we increased the existing authorization by an additional $10 billion resulting in authorization to repurchase up to a total of $35 billion of our common stock through 2015. Under this program, on a book basis, we repurchased 432.6 million shares for a total of $10,375 million during 2013 and 248.6 million shares for a total of $5,185 million during 2012. 

 
 

 GE has 13.2 billion authorized shares of common stock ($0.06 par value). 

 
  

 Common shares issued and outstanding are summarized in the following table. 

   

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In thousands) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Issued 
 
   
 
  11,693,841  
 
   
 
  11,693,841  
 
   
 
  11,693,841  
 
 
 
 In treasury 
 
   
 
  (1,632,960) 
 
   
 
  (1,288,216) 
 
   
 
  (1,120,824) 
 
 
 
 Outstanding 
 
   
 
  10,060,881  
 
   
 
  10,405,625  
 
   
 
  10,573,017  
 
 
 

   

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (162) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  677  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (30) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (636) 
 
 
 
 OCI before reclassifications - net of deferred taxes of $(407), $387 and $341(a) 
 
   
 
  (692) 
 
   
   
 
  683  
 
   
   
 
  577  
 
 
 
 Reclassifications from OCI - net of deferred taxes of $222, $13 and $1 
 
   
 
  318  
 
   
   
 
  22  
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income(b) 
 
   
 
  (374) 
 
   
   
 
  705  
 
   
   
 
  608  
 
 
 
 Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  307  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  677  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (30) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Currency translation adjustments (CTA) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  412  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  133  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (86) 
 
 
 
 OCI before reclassifications - net of deferred taxes of $(613), $(266) and $(717) 
 
   
 
  510  
 
   
   
 
  474  
 
   
   
 
  (201) 
 
 
 
 Reclassifications from OCI - net of deferred taxes of $793, $54 and $357 
 
   
 
  (818) 
 
   
   
 
  (174) 
 
   
   
 
  381  
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income(b) 
 
   
 
  (308) 
 
   
   
 
  300  
 
   
   
 
  180  
 
 
 
 Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  (22) 
 
   
   
 
  21  
 
   
   
 
  (39) 
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  126  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  412  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  133  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash flow hedges 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (722) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,176) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,280) 
 
 
 
 OCI before reclassifications - net of deferred taxes of $250, $392 and $238 
 
   
 
  738  
 
   
   
 
  385  
 
   
   
 
  (860) 
 
 
 
 Reclassifications from OCI - net of deferred taxes of $(177), $(245) and $202 
 
   
 
  (271) 
 
   
   
 
  68  
 
   
   
 
  978  
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income(b) 
 
   
 
  467  
 
   
   
 
  453  
 
   
   
 
  118  
 
 
 
 Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  14  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (257) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (722) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,176) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Benefit plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,597) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (22,901) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (15,853) 
 
 
 
 Prior service credit (cost) - net of deferred taxes of $(5), $304 and $(276) 
 
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  534  
 
   
   
 
  (495) 
 
 
 
 Net actuarial gain (loss) - net of deferred taxes of $4,506, $(574) and $(4,746) 
 
   
 
  8,269  
 
   
   
 
  (1,396) 
 
   
   
 
  (8,637) 
 
 
 
 Net curtailment/settlement - net of deferred taxes of $0, $123 and $0 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  174  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Prior service cost amortization - net of deferred taxes of $267, $326 and $341 
 
   
 
  397  
 
   
   
 
  497  
 
   
   
 
  514  
 
 
 
 Net actuarial loss amortization - net of deferred taxes of $1,343, $1,278 and $811 
 
   
 
  2,640  
 
   
   
 
  2,490  
 
   
   
 
  1,578  
 
 
 
 Other comprehensive income(b) 
 
   
 
  11,300  
 
   
   
 
  2,299  
 
   
   
 
  (7,040) 
 
 
 
 Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,296) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,597) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (22,901) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,120) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,230) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (23,974) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Includes adjustments of $(1,171) million, $527 million and $786 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, to deferred acquisition costs, present value of future profits, and investment contracts, insurance liabilities and insurance annuity benefits in our run-off insurance operations to reflect the effects that would have been recognized had the related unrealized investment securities holding gains and losses actually been realized. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Total other comprehensive income was $11,085 million, $3,757 million and $(6,134) million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (163) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 

   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Reclassification out of AOCI 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Components of AOCI 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
   
 
 Statement of Earnings 

 Caption 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Realized gains (losses) on 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       sale/impairment of securities 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (540) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (35) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (32) 
 
   
 
 Other income 
 
 
   
   
 
  222  
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
 
 Tax (expense) or benefit 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (318) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (22) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (31) 
 
   
 
 Net of tax 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Currency translation adjustments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    Gains (losses) on dispositions 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  25  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  120  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (738) 
 
   
 
 Costs and expenses 
 
 
   
   
 
  793  
 
   
   
 
  54  
 
   
   
 
  357  
 
   
 
 Tax (expense) or benefit 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  818  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  174  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (381) 
 
   
 
 Net of tax 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash flow hedges 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Gains (losses) on interest rate 

      derivatives 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (364) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (499) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (820) 
 
   
 
 Interest and other financial charges 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
 
   
 
  564  
 
   
   
 
  792  
 
   
   
 
  (510) 
 
   
 
 (a) 
 
 
 
   Other 
 
   
 
  248  
 
   
   
 
  (116) 
 
   
   
 
  150  
 
   
 
 (b) 
 
 
   
   
 
  448  
 
   
   
 
  177  
 
   
   
 
  (1,180) 
 
   
 
 Total before tax 
 
 
   
   
 
  (177) 
 
   
   
 
  (245) 
 
   
   
 
  202  
 
   
 
 Tax (expense) or benefit 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  271  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (68) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (978) 
 
   
 
 Net of tax 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Benefit plan items 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service costs 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (664) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (823) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (855) 
 
   
 
 (c) 
 
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial gains (losses) 
 
   
 
  (3,983) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,768) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,389) 
 
   
 
 (c) 
 
 
   
   
 
  (4,647) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,591) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,244) 
 
   
 
 Total before tax 
 
 
   
   
 
  1,610  
 
   
   
 
  1,604  
 
   
   
 
  1,152  
 
   
 
 Tax (expense) or benefit 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (3,037) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,987) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,092) 
 
   
 
 Net of tax 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Total reclassification adjustments 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,266) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,903) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (3,482) 
 
   
 
 Net of tax 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Includes $608 million, $894 million and $(310) million in GECC revenues from services and $(44) million, $(102) million and $(200) million in interest and other financial charges for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Primarily included in costs and expenses. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Amortization of prior service costs and actuarial gains and losses out of AOCI are included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. See Note 12 for further information. 
 
 
 

   

   
 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

   

 Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated affiliates includes common shares in consolidated affiliates and preferred stock issued by GECC. The balance is summarized as follows. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
    
 
 2013  
 
    
    
 
 2012  
 
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
 
 GECC preferred stock 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,950  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,960  
 
 
 
 Other noncontrolling interests in consolidated affiliates(a) 
 
    
 
  1,267  
 
    
    
 
  1,484  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,217  
 
    
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,444  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Consisted of a number of individually insignificant noncontrolling interests in partnerships and consolidated affiliates. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (164) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Changes to noncontrolling interests are as follows. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Years ended December 31 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Beginning balance 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,444  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,696  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,262  
 
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
   
 
  298  
 
   
   
 
  223  
 
   
   
 
  292  
 
 
 
 GECC issuance of preferred stock 
 
   
 
  990  
 
   
   
 
  3,960  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 GECC preferred stock dividend 
 
   
 
  (298) 
 
   
   
 
  (123) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Repurchase of NBCU shares(a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3,070) 
 
 
 
 Dispositions(b) 
 
   
 
  (175) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (609) 
 
 
 
 Dividends 
 
   
 
  (80) 
 
   
   
 
  (42) 
 
   
   
 
  (34) 
 
 
 
 Other (including AOCI)(c) 
 
   
 
  38  
 
   
   
 
  (270) 
 
   
   
 
  (145) 
 
 
 
 Ending balance 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,217  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,444  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,696  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 In January 2011 and prior to the transaction with Comcast, we acquired 12.3% of NBCU’s outstanding shares from Vivendi for $3,673 million and made an additional payment of $222 million related to previously purchased shares. Of these amounts, $3,070 million reflects a reduction in carrying value of noncontrolling interests. The remaining amount of $825 million represents the amount paid in excess of our carrying value, which was recorded as an increase in our basis in NBCU. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Includes noncontrolling interests related to the sale of GE SeaCo of $311 million and the redemption of Heller Financial preferred stock of $275 million in 2011. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Primarily acquisitions and eliminations. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 During the second quarter of 2013, GECC issued 10,000 shares of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock with a $0.01 par value for proceeds of $990 million. The preferred shares bear an initial fixed interest rate of 5.25% through June 15, 2023, bear a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 2.967% thereafter and are callable on June 15, 2023. Dividends on the GECC preferred stock are payable semi-annually, in June and December, with the first payment on this issuance made in December 2013. 

   

 During 2012, GECC issued 40,000 shares of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock with a $0.01 par value for proceeds of $3,960 million. Of these shares, 22,500 bear an initial fixed interest rate of 7.125% through June 15, 2022, bear a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 5.296% thereafter and are callable on June 15, 2022, and 17,500 shares bear an initial fixed interest rate of 6.25% through December 15, 2022, bear a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 4.704% thereafter and are callable on December 15, 2022. Dividends on the GECC preferred stock are payable semi-annually, in June and December, with the first payment on these issuances made in December 2012. GECC preferred stock is presented as noncontrolling interests in the GE consolidated statement of financial position. 

 
 

 During 2013 and 2012, GECC paid quarterly dividends of $1,930 million and $1,926 million, respectively, and special dividends of $4,055 million and $4,500 million, respectively, to GE. No dividends were paid during 2011. 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 16. OTHER STOCK-RELATED INFORMATION 

   

 We grant stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs) to employees under the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan. This plan replaced the 1990 Long-Term Incentive Plan. In addition, we grant options and RSUs in limited circumstances to consultants, advisors and independent contractors under a plan approved by our Board of Directors in 1997 (the Consultants’ Plan). Share requirements for all plans may be met from either unissued or treasury shares. Stock options expire 10 years from the date they are granted and vest over service periods that range from one to five years. RSUs give the recipients the right to receive shares of our stock upon the vesting of their related restrictions. Restrictions on RSUs vest in various increments and at various dates, beginning after one year from date of grant through grantee retirement. Although the plan permits us to issue RSUs settleable in cash, we have only issued RSUs settleable in shares of our stock. PSUs give recipients the right to receive shares of our stock upon the achievement of certain performance targets. 

 
 

 All grants of GE options under all plans must be approved by the Management Development and Compensation Committee, which consists entirely of independent directors. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (165) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 Stock Compensation Plans 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 to be 
 
   
 
 Weighted 
 
   
 
 Securities 
 
 
   
 
 issued 
 
   
 
 average 
 
   
 
 available 
 
 
   
 
 upon 
 
   
 
 exercise 
 
   
 
 for future 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2013 (Shares in thousands) 
 
 
 exercise 
 
   
 
 price 
 
   
 
 issuance 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Approved by shareowners 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Options 
 
   
 
  473,247  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.02  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
 
 
 RSUs 
 
   
 
  13,572  
 
   
   
 
 (b)  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
 
 
 PSUs 
 
   
 
  950  
 
   
   
 
 (b)  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
 
 
 Not approved by shareowners (Consultants’ Plan) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Options 
 
   
 
  364  
 
   
   
 
  25.32  
 
   
   
 
 (c)  
 
 
 
 RSUs 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 (b)  
 
   
   
 
 (c)  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
 
  488,133  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.02  
 
   
   
 
  404,574  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 In 2007, the Board of Directors approved the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan), which replaced the 1990 Long-Term Incentive Plan. During 2012, an amendment was approved to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan from 500 million shares to 925 million shares. No more than 230 million of the total number of authorized shares may be available for awards granted in any form provided under the Plan other than options or stock appreciation rights. Total shares available for future issuance under the Plan amounted to 376.4 million shares at December 31, 2013. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Total shares available for future issuance under the Consultants’ Plan amount to 28.2 million shares. 
 
 
 

   

   

 Outstanding options expire on various dates through December 13, 2023. 

 
 

 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Stock Options Outstanding 
 
 
   
 
 Outstanding 
 
   
   
 
 Exercisable 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Average 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Average 
 
 
   
   
 
 Shares 
 
   
   
 
 Average 
 
   
   
 
 exercise 
 
   
   
 
 Shares 
 
   
   
 
 exercise 
 
 
 
 Exercise price range 
 
   
 
 (In thousands) 
 
   
   
 
 life(a) 
 
   
   
 
 price 
 
   
   
 
 (In thousands) 
 
   
   
 
 price 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Under $10.00 
 
   
 
  34,973  
 
   
   
 
 4.9  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9.57  
 
   
   
 
  26,995  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9.57  
 
 
 
 10.01-15.00 
 
   
 
  56,571  
 
   
   
 
 5.1  
 
   
   
 
  11.98  
 
   
   
 
  45,821  
 
   
   
 
  11.98  
 
 
 
 15.01-20.00 
 
   
 
  172,157  
 
   
   
 
 6.8  
 
   
   
 
  17.46  
 
   
   
 
  91,007  
 
   
   
 
  17.24  
 
 
 
 20.01-25.00 
 
   
 
  139,740  
 
   
   
 
 9.1  
 
   
   
 
  22.55  
 
   
   
 
  20,533  
 
   
   
 
  21.57  
 
 
 
 25.01-30.00 
 
   
 
  20,638  
 
   
   
 
 4.3  
 
   
   
 
  28.19  
 
   
   
 
  20,115  
 
   
   
 
  28.23  
 
 
 
 30.01-35.00 
 
   
 
  35,993  
 
   
   
 
 1.6  
 
   
   
 
  33.54  
 
   
   
 
  35,993  
 
   
   
 
  33.54  
 
 
 
 Over $35.00 
 
   
 
  13,539  
 
   
   
 
 3.3  
 
   
   
 
  38.67  
 
   
   
 
  13,539  
 
   
   
 
  38.67  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
 
  473,611  
 
   
   
 
 6.5  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.02  
 
   
   
 
  254,003  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.15  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 At year-end 2012, options with a weighted average exercise price of $20.85 were exercisable on 214 million shares. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Average contractual life remaining in years. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (166) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Weighted 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Weighted 
 
   
 
 average 
 
   
 
 Aggregate 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 average 
 
   
 
 remaining 
 
   
 
 intrinsic 
 
 
   
 
 Shares 
 
   
 
 exercise 
 
   
 
 contractual 
 
   
 
 value 
 
 
   
 
 (In thousands) 
 
   
 
 price 
 
   
 
 term (In years) 
 
   
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2013 
 
   
 
  467,837  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  19.27  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Granted 
 
   
 
  62,762  
 
   
   
 
  23.80  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Exercised 
 
   
 
  (36,191) 
 
   
   
 
  13.65  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Forfeited 
 
   
 
  (9,688) 
 
   
   
 
  18.95  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Expired 
 
   
 
  (11,109) 
 
   
   
 
  31.60  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
 
   
 
  473,611  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.02  
 
   
   
 
 6.5  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,140  
 
 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2013 
 
   
 
  254,003  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20.15  
 
   
   
 
 5.1  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,348  
 
 
 
 Options expected to vest 
 
   
 
  200,909  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  19.79  
 
   
   
 
 8.0  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,656  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 We measure the fair value of each stock option grant at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $4.52, $3.80 and $4.00, respectively. The following assumptions were used in arriving at the fair value of options granted during 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively: risk-free interest rates of 2.5%, 1.3% and 2.6%; dividend yields of 4.0%, 4.0% and 3.9%; expected volatility of 28%, 29% and 30%; and expected lives of 7.5 years, 7.8 years and 7.7 years. Risk-free interest rates reflect the yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities. Expected dividend yields presume a set dividend rate and we used a historical five-year average for the dividend yield. Expected volatilities are based on implied volatilities from traded options and historical volatility of our stock. The expected option lives are based on our historical experience of employee exercise behavior. 

 
 

 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2013, 2012 and 2011 amounted to $392 million, $265 million and $65 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2013, there was $663 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2 years, of which approximately $180 million after tax is expected to be recognized in 2014. 

 
 

 Stock option expense recognized in net earnings during 2013, 2012 and 2011 amounted to $231 million, $220 million and $230 million, respectively. Cash received from option exercises during 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $490 million, $355 million and $89 million, respectively. The tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $128 million, $88 million and $21 million, respectively. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Other Stock-based Compensation  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Weighted 
 
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Weighted 
 
   
 
 average 
 
   
 
 Aggregate 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 average 
 
   
 
 remaining 
 
   
 
 intrinsic 
 
 
   
 
 Shares 
 
   
 
 grant date 
 
   
 
 contractual 
 
   
 
 value 
 
 
   
 
 (In thousands) 
 
   
 
 fair value 
 
   
 
 term (In years) 
 
   
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 RSUs outstanding at January 1, 2013 
 
   
 
  14,878  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22.45  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Granted 
 
   
 
  3,951  
 
   
   
 
  24.54  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Vested 
 
   
 
  (4,583) 
 
   
   
 
  24.35  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Forfeited 
 
   
 
  (674) 
 
   
   
 
  21.25  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2013 
 
   
 
  13,572  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22.58  
 
   
   
 
  2.8  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  380  
 
 
 
 RSUs expected to vest 
 
   
 
  12,352  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  22.32  
 
   
   
 
  2.7  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  346  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (167) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The fair value of each restricted stock unit is the market price of our stock on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $24.54, $20.79 and $16.74, respectively. The total intrinsic value of RSUs vested during 2013, 2012 and 2011 amounted to $109 million, $116 million and $154 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2013, there was $190 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2 years, of which approximately $42 million after tax is expected to be recognized in 2014. As of December 31, 2013, 1.0 million PSUs with a weighted average remaining contractual term of 2 years, an aggregate intrinsic value of $27 million and $8 million of unrecognized compensation cost were outstanding. Other share-based compensation expense for RSUs and PSUs recognized in net earnings amounted to $62 million, $79 million and $84 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 The income tax benefit recognized in earnings based on the compensation expense recognized for all share-based compensation arrangements amounted to $145 million, $153 million and $163 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The excess of actual tax deductions over amounts assumed, which are recognized in shareowners’ equity, were $86 million $53 million and $12 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 When stock options are exercised and restricted stock vests, the difference between the assumed tax benefit and the actual tax benefit must be recognized in our financial statements. In circumstances in which the actual tax benefit is lower than the estimated tax benefit, that difference is recorded in equity, to the extent there are sufficient accumulated excess tax benefits. At December 31, 2013, our accumulated excess tax benefits are sufficient to absorb any future differences between actual and estimated tax benefits for all of our outstanding option and restricted stock grants. 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 17. OTHER INCOME 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Purchases and sales of business interests(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,777  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 574  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,804  
 
 
 
 Licensing and royalty income 
 
   
 
  320  
 
   
   
 
 290  
 
   
   
 
 304  
 
 
 
 Marketable securities and bank deposits 
 
   
 
  54  
 
   
   
 
 38  
 
   
   
 
 52  
 
 
 
 Associated companies(b) 
 
   
 
  40  
 
   
   
 
 1,545  
 
   
   
 
 894  
 
 
 
 Interest income from GECC 
 
   
 
  21  
 
   
   
 
 114  
 
   
   
 
 206  
 
 
 
 Other items(c) 
 
   
 
  674  
 
   
   
 
 96  
 
   
   
 
 8  
 
 
   
   
 
  2,886  
 
   
   
 
 2,657  
 
   
   
 
 5,268  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  222  
 
   
   
 
 (94) 
 
   
   
 
 (205) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,108  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,563  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,063  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included a pre-tax gain of $1,096 million on the sale of our 49% common equity interest in NBCU LLC and $3,705 million related to formation of NBCU LLC, in 2013 and 2011, respectively. See Note 2. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included income of $1,416 million and $789 million from our former equity method investment in NBCU LLC, in 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included net gains on asset sales of $330 million in 2013. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (168) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 18. GECC REVENUES FROM SERVICES 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Interest on loans 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,951  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 18,843  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 19,818  
 
 
 
 Equipment leased to others 
 
   
 
  9,804  
 
   
   
 
 10,456  
 
   
   
 
 10,879  
 
 
 
 Fees 
 
   
 
  4,720  
 
   
   
 
 4,709  
 
   
   
 
 4,669  
 
 
 
 Investment income(a) 
 
   
 
  1,809  
 
   
   
 
 2,630  
 
   
   
 
 2,500  
 
 
 
 Financing leases 
 
   
 
  1,667  
 
   
   
 
 1,888  
 
   
   
 
 2,378  
 
 
 
 Associated companies(b) 
 
   
 
  1,809  
 
   
   
 
 1,538  
 
   
   
 
 2,337  
 
 
 
 Premiums earned by insurance activities 
 
   
 
  1,573  
 
   
   
 
 1,715  
 
   
   
 
 1,905  
 
 
 
 Real estate investments(c) 
 
   
 
  2,528  
 
   
   
 
 1,709  
 
   
   
 
 1,625  
 
 
 
 Other items(a)(d) 
 
   
 
  2,080  
 
   
   
 
 1,757  
 
   
   
 
 2,065  
 
 
   
   
 
  43,941  
 
   
   
 
 45,245  
 
   
   
 
 48,176  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  (1,546) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,273) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,219) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  42,395  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 43,972  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 46,957  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included net other-than-temporary impairments on investment securities of $747 million, $140 million and $387 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, of which $96 million related to the impairment of an investment in a Brazilian company that was fully offset by the benefit of a guarantee provided by GE as a component of other items for 2013. See Note 3. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 During 2013, we sold our remaining equity interest in the Bank of Ayudhya (Bay Bank) and recorded a pre-tax gain of $641 million. During 2012, we sold our remaining equity interest in Garanti Bank, which was classified as an available-for-sale security. During 2011, we sold an 18.6% equity interest in Garanti Bank and recorded a pre-tax gain of $690 million. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 During 2013, we sold real estate comprising certain floors located at 30 Rockefeller Center, New York for a pre-tax gain of $902 million. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 During 2013, we sold a portion of Cembra through an initial public offering and recorded a pre-tax gain of $351 million. 
 
 
 

   

   

 NOTE 19. SUPPLEMENTAL COST INFORMATION 

   

 We funded research and development expenditures of $4,750 million in 2013, $4,520 million in 2012 and $4,601 million in 2011. Research and development costs are classified in cost of goods sold in the Statement of Earnings. In addition, research and development funding from customers, principally the U.S. government, totaled $711 million, $680 million and $788 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Consolidated other costs and expenses totaled $35,143 million, $35,897 million and $36,841 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and comprised selling, general and administrative costs (SG&A), depreciation and amortization and other operating costs. GE’s SG&A totaled $16,105 million, $17,671 million and $17,554 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. GECC’s operating and administrative expenses totaled $12,463 million, $12,023 million and $13,009 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and depreciation and amortization totaled $7,313 million, $6,901 million and $6,918 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Our businesses enter into collaborative arrangements primarily with manufacturers and suppliers of components used to build and maintain certain engines, under which GE and these participants share in risks and rewards of these product programs. Under these arrangements, participation fees earned and recorded as other income totaled $44 million, $36 million and $12 million for the years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. GE’s payments to participants are recorded as cost of services sold ($820 million, $594 million and $612 million for the years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively) or as cost of goods sold ($2,613 million, $2,507 million and $1,996 million for the years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively). 

 
 

 Rental expense under operating leases is shown below. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,220  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,134  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  958  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
  428  
 
   
   
 
  539  
 
   
   
 
  592  
 
 
   
   
 
  1,648  
 
   
   
 
  1,673  
 
   
   
 
  1,550  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  (135) 
 
   
   
 
  (142) 
 
   
   
 
  (165) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,513  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,531  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,385  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (169) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, minimum rental commitments under noncancellable operating leases aggregated $3,087 million and $1,427 million for GE and GECC, respectively. Amounts payable over the next five years follow. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2014  
 
   
   
 
 2015  
 
   
   
 
 2016  
 
   
   
 
 2017  
 
   
   
 
 2018  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  660  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  581  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  523  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  440  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  354  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
 
  253  
 
   
   
 
  213  
 
   
   
 
  185  
 
   
   
 
  153  
 
   
   
 
  113  
 
 
   
   
 
  913  
 
   
   
 
  794  
 
   
   
 
  708  
 
   
   
 
  593  
 
   
   
 
  467  
 
 
 
 Eliminations 
 
   
 
  (59) 
 
   
   
 
  (42) 
 
   
   
 
  (34) 
 
   
   
 
  (24) 
 
   
   
 
  (16) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  854  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  752  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  674  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  569  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  451  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 20. EARNINGS PER SHARE INFORMATION 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
 
 (In millions; per-share amounts in dollars) 
 
   
 
 Diluted 
 
   
   
 
 Basic 
 
   
   
 
 Diluted 
 
   
   
 
 Basic 
 
   
   
 
 Diluted 
 
   
   
 
 Basic 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amounts attributable to the Company: 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consolidated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations for per-share 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     calculation(a)(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 15,145  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 15,157  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,604  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,603  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,102  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,101  
 
 
 
 Preferred stock dividends declared(c) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 (1,031) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,031) 
 
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations attributable to 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     common shareowners for per-share calculation(a)(b) 
 
   
 
 15,145  
 
   
   
 
 15,157  
 
   
   
 
 14,604  
 
   
   
 
 14,603  
 
   
   
 
 13,070  
 
   
   
 
 13,070  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations for 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     per-share calculation(a)(b) 
 
   
 
 (2,128) 
 
   
   
 
 (2,116) 
 
   
   
 
 (980) 
 
   
   
 
 (980) 
 
   
   
 
 30  
 
   
   
 
 30  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to GE common shareowners 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     for per-share calculation(a)(b) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,028  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,040  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,622  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,622  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,099  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,098  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Average equivalent shares 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Shares of GE common stock outstanding 
 
   
 
 10,222  
 
   
   
 
 10,222  
 
   
   
 
 10,523  
 
   
   
 
 10,523  
 
   
   
 
 10,591  
 
   
   
 
 10,591  
 
 
 
 Employee compensation-related shares (including 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     stock options) and warrants 
 
   
 
 67  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 41  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
 29  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Total average equivalent shares 
 
   
 
 10,289  
 
   
   
 
 10,222  
 
   
   
 
 10,564  
 
   
   
 
 10,523  
 
   
   
 
 10,620  
 
   
   
 
 10,591  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Per-share amounts 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.47  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.48  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.38  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.39  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.23  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1.23  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
   
 
 (0.21) 
 
   
   
 
 (0.21) 
 
   
   
 
 (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
 (0.09)  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
   
 
 1.27  
 
   
   
 
 1.28  
 
   
   
 
 1.29  
 
   
   
 
 1.29  
 
   
   
 
 1.23  
 
   
   
 
 1.24  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 Our unvested restricted stock unit awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are considered participating securities and, therefore, are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Application of this treatment has an insignificant effect. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included an insignificant amount of dividend equivalents in each of the three years presented. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Included in 2013 is a dilutive adjustment for the change in income for forward purchase contracts that may be settled in stock. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included $806 million related to the redemption of our 10% cumulative preferred stock in 2011. See Note 15. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, there were approximately 121 million, 292 million and 321 million, respectively, of outstanding stock awards that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effect was antidilutive. 

 
 

 Earnings-per-share amounts are computed independently for earnings from continuing operations, earnings (loss) from discontinued operations and net earnings. As a result, the sum of per-share amounts from continuing operations and discontinued operations may not equal the total per-share amounts for net earnings. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (170) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

   

 For a description of how we estimate fair value, see Note 1. 

 
 

 The following tables present our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Included in the tables are investment securities primarily supporting obligations to annuitants and policyholders in our run-off insurance operations and supporting obligations to holders of GICs in Trinity and investment securities held in our CLL business collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (171) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Netting 
 
   
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 Level 1 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Level 2 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Level 3 
 
   
 
 adjustment 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Net balance 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2013 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  18,788  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,953  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  21,741  
 
 
 
        State and municipal 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,193  
 
   
   
 
  96  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,289  
 
 
 
        Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,824  
 
   
   
 
  86  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,910  
 
 
 
        Commercial mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,025  
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,035  
 
 
 
        Asset-backed(c) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  489  
 
   
   
 
  6,898  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  7,387  
 
 
 
        Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  61  
 
   
   
 
  645  
 
   
   
 
  1,064  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,770  
 
 
 
        Government – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  1,590  
 
   
   
 
  789  
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,410  
 
 
 
         U.S. government and federal 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           agency 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  545  
 
   
   
 
  225  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  770  
 
 
 
     Retained interests 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
 
 
     Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  475  
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  517  
 
 
 
        Trading 
 
   
 
  78  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  80  
 
 
 
 Derivatives(d) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  8,304  
 
   
   
 
  175  
 
   
   
 
  (6,739) 
 
   
   
 
  1,740  
 
 
 
 Other(e) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  494  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  494  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,204  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  38,635  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,115  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (6,739) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  46,215  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,409  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (4,355) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,074  
 
 
 
 Other(f) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,170  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,170  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,579  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (4,355) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,244  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2012 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20,580  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,591  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,171  
 
 
 
        State and municipal 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,469  
 
   
   
 
  77  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4,546  
 
 
 
        Residential mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,162  
 
   
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,262  
 
 
 
        Commercial mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,088  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,094  
 
 
 
        Asset-backed(c) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  715  
 
   
   
 
  5,023  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  5,738  
 
 
 
        Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  71  
 
   
   
 
  1,132  
 
   
   
 
  1,218  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,421  
 
 
 
        Government – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  702  
 
   
   
 
  1,019  
 
   
   
 
  42  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,763  
 
 
 
        U.S. government and federal 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
           agency 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,288  
 
   
   
 
  277  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  3,565  
 
 
 
     Retained interests 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  83  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  83  
 
 
 
     Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  590  
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  619  
 
 
 
        Trading 
 
   
 
  248  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  248  
 
 
 
 Derivatives(d) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  11,432  
 
   
   
 
  434  
 
   
   
 
  (7,926) 
 
   
   
 
  3,940  
 
 
 
 Other(e) 
 
   
 
  35  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  799  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  834  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,646  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  47,901  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,663  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (7,926) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  53,284  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,434  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (3,177) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  277  
 
 
 
 Other(f) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  908  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  908  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,342  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  20  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (3,177) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,185  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 The fair value of securities transferred between Level 1 and Level 2 was $2 million during 2013. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 The netting of derivative receivables and payables (including the effects of any collateral posted or received) is permitted when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Includes investments in our CLL business in asset-backed securities collateralized by senior secured loans of high-quality, middle-market companies in a variety of industries. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 The fair value of derivatives included an adjustment for non-performance risk. The cumulative adjustment was a gain (loss) of $(7) million and $(15) million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. See Note 22 for additional information on the composition of our derivative portfolio. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Included private equity investments and loans designated under the fair value option. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (f) 
 
 
 Primarily represented the liability associated with certain of our deferred incentive compensation plans. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (172) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 The following tables present the changes in Level 3 instruments measured on a recurring basis for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The majority of our Level 3 balances consist of investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes in fair value recorded in shareowners’ equity. 

   

 
 
 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Instruments for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Net 
 
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 change in 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Net realized/ 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Net 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
   
   
   
 
 realized/ 
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 (losses) 
 
   
 
   
   
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 included in 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 relating to 
 
   
 
   
 
 Balance 
 
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
 accumulated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Balance 
 
   
   
 
 instruments 
 
   
 
   
 
 at 
 
   
 
 (losses) 
 
   
 
 other 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
 
 at 
 
   
   
 
 still held at 
 
   
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 included 
 
   
 
 comprehensive 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 into 
 
   
 
 out of 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 in earnings 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 income 
 
   
 
 Purchases 
 
   
 
 Sales 
 
   
 
 Settlements 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,591  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (497) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  135  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  380  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (424) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (231) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  108  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (109) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,953  
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      State and municipal 
 
   
 
  77  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  21  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  96  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Residential 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  86  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Asset-backed 
 
   
 
  5,023  
 
   
   
 
  5  
 
   
   
 
  32  
 
   
   
 
  2,632  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  (795) 
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  6,898  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  1,218  
 
   
   
 
  (103) 
 
   
   
 
  49  
 
   
   
 
  5,814  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,874) 
 
   
   
 
  21  
 
   
   
 
  (58) 
 
   
   
 
  1,064  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Government 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  42  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  (12) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      U.S. government and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        federal agency 
 
   
 
  277  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (52) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  225  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
    Retained interests 
 
   
 
  83  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (21) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
    Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Trading 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Derivatives(d)(e) 
 
   
 
  416  
 
   
   
 
  (66) 
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  (2) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (226) 
 
   
   
 
  37  
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  164  
 
   
   
   
 
  (30) 
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  799  
 
   
   
 
  (68) 
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
  538  
 
   
   
 
  (779) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  (12) 
 
   
   
 
  494  
 
   
   
   
 
  (102) 
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,645  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (725) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  155  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,389  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,212) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (7,165) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  202  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (185) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,104  
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (132) 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Earnings effects are primarily included in the “GECC revenues from services” and “Interest and other financial charges” captions in the Statement of Earnings. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Transfers in and out of Level 3 are considered to occur at the beginning of the period. Transfers out of Level 3 were a result of increased use of quotes from independent pricing vendors based on recent trading activity. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Represented the amount of unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Represented derivative assets net of derivative liabilities and included cash accruals of $9 million not reflected in the fair value hierarchy table. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Gains (losses) included in net realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings were offset by the earnings effects from the underlying items that were economically hedged. See Note 22. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (173) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Instruments for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Net 
 
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 change in 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Net realized/ 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Net 
 
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
   
   
   
 
 realized/ 
 
   
 
 gains (losses) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 (losses) 
 
   
 
   
   
   
 
 unrealized 
 
   
 
 included in 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 relating to 
 
   
 
   
 
 Balance 
 
   
 
 gains 
 
   
 
 accumulated 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Balance 
 
   
   
 
 instruments 
 
   
 
   
 
 at 
 
   
 
 (losses) 
 
   
 
 other 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
 
 Transfers 
 
   
 
 at 
 
   
   
 
 still held at 
 
   
 
   
 
 January 1, 
 
   
 
 included 
 
   
 
 comprehensive 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 into 
 
   
 
 out of 
 
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
   
 
 December 31, 
 
   
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 in earnings 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 income 
 
   
 
 Purchases 
 
   
 
 Sales 
 
   
 
 Settlements 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Level 3 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,235  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  66  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  32  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  483  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (214) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (110) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  299  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (200) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,591  
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      State and municipal 
 
   
 
  77  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  78  
 
   
   
 
  (103) 
 
   
   
 
  77  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Residential 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  41  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  135  
 
   
   
 
  (77) 
 
   
   
 
  100  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Commercial 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         mortgage-backed 
 
   
 
  4  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Asset-backed 
 
   
 
  4,040  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  (25) 
 
   
   
 
  1,490  
 
   
   
 
  (502) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  25  
 
   
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  5,023  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  1,204  
 
   
   
 
  (11) 
 
   
   
 
  19  
 
   
   
 
  341  
 
   
   
 
  (51) 
 
   
   
 
  (172) 
 
   
   
 
  24  
 
   
   
 
  (136) 
 
   
   
 
  1,218  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Government 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
          – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
  84  
 
   
   
 
  (33) 
 
   
   
 
  38  
 
   
   
 
  65  
 
   
   
 
  (72) 
 
   
   
 
  (40) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  42  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      U.S. government and 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
          federal agency 
 
   
 
  253  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  24  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  277  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
    Retained interests 
 
   
 
  35  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  16  
 
   
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  (12) 
 
   
   
 
  54  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  83  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
    Equity 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Available-for-sale 
 
   
 
  17  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  3  
 
   
   
 
  (3) 
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  (4) 
 
   
   
 
  13  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
      Trading 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
 
 
 Derivatives(d)(e) 
 
   
 
  369  
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  (1) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (112) 
 
   
   
 
  190  
 
   
   
 
  (58) 
 
   
   
 
  416  
 
   
   
   
 
  160  
 
   
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  817  
 
   
   
 
  50  
 
   
   
 
  2  
 
   
   
 
  159  
 
   
   
 
  (137) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (92) 
 
   
   
 
  799  
 
   
   
   
 
  43  
 
   
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  10,176  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  98  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  95  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,578  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (985) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (451) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  813  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (679) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,645  
 
   
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  203  
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Earnings effects are primarily included in the “GECC revenues from services” and “Interest and other financial charges” captions in the Statement of Earnings. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Transfers in and out of Level 3 are considered to occur at the beginning of the period. Transfers out of Level 3 were a result of increased use of quotes from independent pricing vendors based on recent trading activity. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Represented the amount of unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Represented derivative assets net of derivative liabilities and included cash accruals of $2 million not reflected in the fair value hierarchy table. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Gains (losses) included in net realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings were offset by the earnings effects from the underlying items that were economically hedged. See Note 22. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (174) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

   

 The following table represents non-recurring fair value amounts (as measured at the time of the adjustment) for those assets remeasured to fair value on a non-recurring basis during the fiscal year and still held at December 31, 2013 and 2012. These assets can include loans and long-lived assets that have been reduced to fair value when they are held for sale, impaired loans that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, cost and equity method investments and long-lived assets that are written down to fair value when they are impaired and the remeasurement of retained investments in formerly consolidated subsidiaries upon a change in control that results in deconsolidation of a subsidiary, if we sell a controlling interest and retain a noncontrolling stake in the entity. Assets that are written down to fair value when impaired and retained investments are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Remeasured during the year ended December 31 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 Level 2 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
   
 
 Level 2 
 
   
 
 Level 3 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing receivables and loans held for sale 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  210  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,986  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  366  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,094  
 
 
 
 Cost and equity method investments(a) 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  690  
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
   
   
 
  313  
 
 
 
 Long-lived assets, including real estate 
 
   
 
  2,050  
 
   
   
 
  1,088  
 
   
   
 
  702  
 
   
   
 
  2,182  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,260  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,764  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,076  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  6,589  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Includes the fair value of private equity and real estate funds included in Level 3 of $126 million and $84 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 The following table represents the fair value adjustments to assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and still held at December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Year ended December 31 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing receivables and loans held for sale 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (361) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (595) 
 
 
 
 Cost and equity method investments(a) 
 
   
 
 (484) 
 
   
   
 
 (153) 
 
 
 
 Long-lived assets, including real estate(b) 
 
   
 
 (1,188) 
 
   
   
 
 (624) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (2,033) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (1,372) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Includes fair value adjustments associated with private equity and real estate funds of $(14) million and $(33) million during 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Includes impairments related to real estate equity properties and investments recorded in other costs and expenses of $108 million and $218 million during 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (175) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 

 Level 3 Measurements 

 
 

 The following table presents information relating to the significant unobservable inputs of our Level 3 recurring and non-recurring measurements. 

   

 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 Valuation 
 
   
 
 Unobservable 
 
   
 
 Range (weighted 
 
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 
 Fair value 
 
   
 
 technique 
 
   
 
 inputs 
 
   
 
 average) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2013 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Recurring fair value measurements 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 898  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 1.5%-13.3% (6.5%) 
 
 
 
       Asset-backed 
 
   
 
 6,854  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 1.2%-10.5% (3.7%) 
 
 
 
       Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
 819  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 1.4%-46.0% (15.1%) 
 
 
 
 Other financial assets 
 
   
 
 381  
 
   
 
 Income approach, 

 Market comparables 
 
   
 
 Weighted average 

    cost of capital 
 
   
 
 9.3%-9.3% (9.3%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
   
 
 5.4X-12.5X (9.5X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 5.2%-8.8% (5.3%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 6.3%-7.5% (7.2%) 
 
 
 
 Non-recurring fair value measurements 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing receivables and  loans held for sale 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,937 
 
   
 Income approach,  

 Business enterprise  value 
 
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 5.5%-16.7% (8.0%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
   
 
 4.3X-5.5X (4.8X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 6.6%-6.6% (6.6%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cost and equity method investments 
 
   
 102  
   
 
 Income approach,  

 Market comparables 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 5.7%-5.9% (5.8%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 8.5%-10.6% (10.0%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Weighted average 

    cost of capital 
 
   
 
 9.3%-9.6% (9.4%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
   
 
 7.1X-14.5X (11.3X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Revenue multiple 
 
   
 
 2.2X-12.6X (9.4X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Long-lived assets, including real estate 
 
   
 
 694  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 5.4%-14.5% (7.8%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 4.0%-23.0% (9.0%) 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2012 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Recurring fair value measurements 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       U.S. corporate 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,652  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 1.3%-29.9% (11.1%) 
 
 
 
       Asset-backed 
 
   
 
 4,977  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 2.1%-13.1% (3.8%) 
 
 
 
       Corporate – non-U.S. 
 
   
 
 865  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Discount rate(a) 
 
   
 
 1.5%-25.0% (13.2%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   

 Other financial assets 
 
   
 
 633  
 
   
 
 Income approach,  

 Market comparables 
 
   
 
 Weighted average 

    cost of capital 
 
   
 
 8.7%-10.2% (8.7%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
   
 
 4.9X-10.6X (7.9X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 Non-recurring fair value measurements 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   

 Financing receivables and  loans held for sale 
 
 
   

 $ 
 
 
   

 2,835  
 
   
 
 Income approach,  

 Business enterprise  value 
 
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 3.8%-14.0% (8.0%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
   
 
 2.0X-6.0X (4.8X) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 Cost and equity method investments 
 
   
 
 72  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 9.2%-12.8% (12.0%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Long-lived assets, including real estate 
 
   
 
 985  
 
   
 
 Income approach 
 
   
 
 Capitalization rate(b) 
 
   
 
 4.8%-14.6% (7.3%) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Discount rates are determined based on inputs that market participants would use when pricing investments, including credit and liquidity risk. An increase in the discount rate would result in a decrease in the fair value. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Represents the rate of return on net operating income that is considered acceptable for an investor and is used to determine a property’s capitalized value. An increase in the capitalization rate would result in a decrease in the fair value. 
 
 
 

   
 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (176) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, other Level 3 recurring fair value measurements of $2,816 million and $3,146 million, respectively, and non-recurring measurements of $1,460 million and $2,412 million, respectively, are valued using non-binding broker quotes or other third-party sources. For a description of our process to evaluate third-party pricing servicers, see Note 1. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, other recurring fair value measurements of $327 million and $370 million, respectively, and non-recurring fair value measurements of $571 million and $285 million, respectively, were individually insignificant and utilize a number of different unobservable inputs not subject to meaningful aggregation. 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

   

 The following table provides information about the assets and liabilities not carried at fair value in our Statement of Financial Position. The table excludes finance leases and non-financial assets and liabilities. Substantially all of the assets discussed below are considered to be Level 3. The vast majority of our liabilities’ fair value can be determined based on significant observable inputs and thus considered Level 2. Few of the instruments are actively traded and their fair values must often be determined using financial models. Realization of the fair value of these instruments depends upon market forces beyond our control, including marketplace liquidity. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 Assets (liabilities) 
 
   
   
   
 
 Assets (liabilities) 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 Carrying 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Carrying 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 Notional 
 
   
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 Estimated 
 
   
 
 Notional 
 
   
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 Estimated  
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 (net) 
 
   
 
 fair value 
 
   
 
 amount 
 
   
 
 (net) 
 
   
 
 fair value  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Investments and notes 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
         receivable 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 (a)  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 488  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 512  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 (a)  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 222  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 222  
 
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Borrowings(b) 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (13,356) 
 
   
   
 
 (13,707) 
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (17,469) 
 
   
   
 
 (18,619) 
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Loans 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 226,293  
 
   
   
 
 230,792  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 235,888  
 
   
   
 
 238,254  
 
 
 
     Other commercial mortgages 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 2,270  
 
   
   
 
 2,281  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 2,222  
 
   
   
 
 2,249  
 
 
 
     Loans held for sale 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 512  
 
   
   
 
 512  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 1,180  
 
   
   
 
 1,181  
 
 
 
     Other financial instruments(c) 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 1,622  
 
   
   
 
 2,203  
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 1,858  
 
   
   
 
 2,276  
 
 
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Borrowings and bank 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        deposits(b)(d) 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (371,062) 
 
   
   
 
 (386,823) 
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (397,039) 
 
   
   
 
 (414,264) 
 
 
 
     Investment contract benefits 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (3,144) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,644) 
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (3,321) 
 
   
   
 
 (4,150) 
 
 
 
     Guaranteed investment 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        contracts 
 
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (1,471) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,459) 
 
   
   
 
 (a)  
 
   
   
 
 (1,644) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,674) 
 
 
 
     Insurance – credit life(e) 
 
   
 
 2,149  
 
   
   
 
 (108) 
 
   
   
 
 (94) 
 
   
   
 
 2,277  
 
   
   
 
 (120) 
 
   
   
 
 (104) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 These financial instruments do not have notional amounts. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 See Note 10. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Principally cost method investments. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Fair values exclude interest rate and currency derivatives designated as hedges of borrowings. Had they been included, the fair value of borrowings at December 31, 2013 and 2012 would have been reduced by $2,284 million and $7,937 million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (e) 
 
 
 Net of reinsurance of $1,250 million and $2,000 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

   

 A description of how we estimate fair values follows. 

 
 

 Loans 

   

 Based on a discounted future cash flows methodology, using current market interest rate data adjusted for inherent credit risk or quoted market prices and recent transactions, if available. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (177) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Borrowings and bank deposits 

   

 Based on valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data that are comparable to market quotes adjusted for our non-performance risk. 

 
 

 Investment contract benefits 

   

 Based on expected future cash flows, discounted at currently offered rates for immediate annuity contracts or the income approach for single premium deferred annuities. 

 
 

 Guaranteed investment contracts 

   

 Based on valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data, adjusted for our non-performance risk. 

 
 

 All other instruments 

   

 Based on observable market transactions and/or valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data adjusted for inherent credit risk. 

 
 

 Assets and liabilities that are reflected in the accompanying financial statements at fair value are not included in the above disclosures; such items include cash and equivalents, investment securities and derivative financial instruments. 

 
 

 Additional information about certain categories in the table above follows. 

 
 

 Insurance – credit life 

   

 Certain insurance affiliates, primarily in Consumer, issue credit life insurance designed to pay the balance due on a loan if the borrower dies before the loan is repaid. As part of our overall risk management process, we cede to third parties a portion of this associated risk, but are not relieved of our primary obligation to policyholders. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 Loan Commitments 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Notional amount 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Ordinary course of business lending commitments(a) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,756  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,708  
 
 
 
 Unused revolving credit lines(b) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Commercial(c) 
 
   
 
  16,570  
 
   
   
 
  17,929  
 
 
 
     Consumer – principally credit cards 
 
   
 
  290,662  
 
   
   
 
  271,211  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Excluded investment commitments of $1,395 million and $1,276 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Excluded inventory financing arrangements, which may be withdrawn at our option, of $13,502 million and $12,813 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Included commitments of $11,629 million and $12,923 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, associated with secured financing arrangements that could have increased to a maximum of $14,590 million and $15,731 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, based on asset volume under the arrangement. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

   

 Securities Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Arrangements 

   

 Our issuances of securities repurchase agreements are insignificant and are limited to activities at certain of our foreign banks primarily for purposes of liquidity management. At December 31, 2013, we were party to repurchase agreements totaling $126 million, which were reported in short-term borrowings on the financial statements. We have had no repurchase agreements that were accounted for as off-book financing and we do not engage in securities lending transactions. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (178) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 We also enter into reverse securities repurchase agreements primarily for short-term investment with maturities of 90 days or less. At December 31, 2013, we were party to reverse repurchase agreements totaling $20.8 billion, which were reported in cash and equivalents on the financial statements. Under these reverse securities repurchase agreements, we typically lend available cash at a specified rate of interest and hold U.S. or highly-rated European government securities as collateral during the term of the agreement. Collateral value is in excess of amounts loaned under the agreements. 

 
 

 Derivatives and hedging 

   

 As a matter of policy, we use derivatives for risk management purposes, and we do not use derivatives for speculative purposes. A key risk management objective for our financial services businesses is to mitigate interest rate and currency risk by seeking to ensure that the characteristics of the debt match the assets they are funding. If the form (fixed versus floating) and currency denomination of the debt we issue do not match the related assets, we typically execute derivatives to adjust the nature and tenor of funding to meet this objective within pre-defined limits. The determination of whether we enter into a derivative transaction or issue debt directly to achieve this objective depends on a number of factors, including market-related factors that affect the type of debt we can issue. 

 
 

 The notional amounts of derivative contracts represent the basis upon which interest and other payments are calculated and are reported gross, except for offsetting foreign currency forward contracts that are executed in order to manage our currency risk of net investment in foreign subsidiaries. Of the outstanding notional amount of $320,000 million, approximately 87%, or $277,000 million, is associated with reducing or eliminating the interest rate, currency or market risk between financial assets and liabilities in our financial services businesses. The remaining derivative activities primarily relate to hedging against adverse changes in currency exchange rates and commodity prices related to anticipated sales and purchases and contracts containing certain clauses that meet the accounting definition of a derivative. The instruments used in these activities are designated as hedges when practicable. When we are not able to apply hedge accounting, or when the derivative and the hedged item are both recorded in earnings concurrently, the derivatives are deemed economic hedges and hedge accounting is not applied. This most frequently occurs when we hedge a recognized foreign currency transaction (e.g., a receivable or payable) with a derivative. Since the effects of changes in exchange rates are reflected concurrently in earnings for both the derivative and the transaction, the economic hedge does not require hedge accounting. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (179) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 The following table provides information about the fair value of our derivatives by contract type, separating those accounted for as hedges and those that are not. 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
 
 Fair value 
 
   
 
 Fair value 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
 
 Liabilities 
 
   
   
 
 Assets 
 
   
   
 
 Liabilities 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Derivatives accounted for as hedges 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Interest rate contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,837  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,989  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  8,443  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  719  
 
 
 
     Currency exchange contracts 
 
   
 
  1,830  
 
   
   
 
  984  
 
   
   
 
  890  
 
   
   
 
  1,777  
 
 
 
     Other contracts 
 
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
   
   
 
  5,668  
 
   
   
 
  2,973  
 
   
   
 
  9,334  
 
   
   
 
  2,496  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Derivatives not accounted for as hedges 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Interest rate contracts 
 
   
 
  270  
 
   
   
 
  169  
 
   
 
   
 
 
  452  
 
   
 
   
 
 
  195  
 
 
 
     Currency exchange contracts 
 
   
 
  2,257  
 
   
   
 
  2,245  
 
   
   
 
  1,797  
 
   
   
 
  691  
 
 
 
     Other contracts 
 
   
 
  284  
 
   
   
 
  42  
 
   
   
 
  283  
 
   
   
 
  72  
 
 
   
   
 
  2,811  
 
   
   
 
  2,456  
 
   
   
 
  2,532  
 
   
   
 
  958  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Gross derivatives recognized in statement of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   financial position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Gross derivatives 
 
   
 
  8,479  
 
   
   
 
  5,429  
 
   
   
 
  11,866  
 
   
   
 
  3,454  
 
 
 
      Gross accrued interest 
 
   
 
  1,227  
 
   
   
 
  241  
 
   
   
 
  1,683  
 
   
   
 
  14  
 
 
   
   
 
  9,706  
 
   
   
 
  5,670  
 
   
   
 
  13,549  
 
   
   
 
  3,468  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amounts offset in statement of financial position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Netting adjustments(a) 
 
   
 
  (4,120) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,113) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,801) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,786) 
 
 
 
      Cash collateral(b) 
 
   
 
  (2,619) 
 
   
   
 
  (242) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,125) 
 
   
   
 
  (391) 
 
 
   
   
 
  (6,739) 
 
   
   
 
  (4,355) 
 
   
   
 
  (7,926) 
 
   
   
 
  (3,177) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net derivatives recognized in statement of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   financial position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Net derivatives 
 
   
 
  2,967  
 
   
   
 
  1,315  
 
   
   
 
  5,623  
 
   
   
 
  291  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amounts not offset in statement of 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   financial position 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
      Securities held as collateral(c) 
 
   
 
  (1,962) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (5,227) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net amount 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,005  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,315  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  396  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  291  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 Derivatives are classified in the captions “All other assets” and “All other liabilities” and the related accrued interest is classified in “Other GECC receivables” and “All other liabilities” in our financial statements. 

   

 
 
 
 
  (a) 
 
 
 The netting of derivative receivables and payables is permitted when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. Amounts included fair value adjustments related to our own and counterparty non-performance risk. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the cumulative adjustment for non-performance risk was a gain (loss) of $(7) million and $(15) million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Excludes excess cash collateral received and posted of $160 million and $37 million at December 31, 2013, respectively, and $42 million and $10 million at December 31, 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Excludes excess securities collateral received of $363 million and $359 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Fair value hedges 

   

 We use interest rate and currency exchange derivatives to hedge the fair value effects of interest rate and currency exchange rate changes on local and non-functional currency denominated fixed-rate debt. For relationships designated as fair value hedges, changes in fair value of the derivatives are recorded in earnings within interest and other financial charges, along with offsetting adjustments to the carrying amount of the hedged debt. The following table provides information about the earnings effects of our fair value hedging relationships for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (180) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 Gain (loss) 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) 
 
 
   
 
 on hedging 
 
   
 
 on hedged 
 
   
 
 on hedging 
 
   
 
 on hedged 
 
 
   
 
 derivatives 
 
   
 
 items 
 
   
 
 derivatives 
 
   
 
 items 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Interest rate contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (5,258) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,180  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  708  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,041) 
 
 
 
 Currency exchange contracts 
 
   
 
  (7) 
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  (68) 
 
   
   
 
  98  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 Fair value hedges resulted in $(79) million and $(303) million of ineffectiveness in 2013 and 2012, respectively. In both 2013 and 2012, there were insignificant amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness. 

   

 
 

 Cash flow hedges 

   

 We use interest rate, currency exchange and commodity derivatives to reduce the variability of expected future cash flows associated with variable-rate borrowings and commercial purchase and sale transactions, including commodities. For derivatives that are designated in a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative is reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into earnings contemporaneously and in the same caption with the earnings effects of the hedged transaction. 

 
 

 The following table provides information about the amounts recorded in AOCI, as well as the gain (loss) recorded in earnings, primarily in GECC revenue from services, interest and other financial charges, and other costs and expenses, when reclassified out of AOCI, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. See Note 15 for additional information about reclassifications out of AOCI. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) recognized 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) reclassified from 
 
 
   
 
 in AOCI 
 
   
 
 AOCI into earnings 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Interest rate contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (26) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (158) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (364) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (499) 
 
 
 
 Currency exchange contracts 
 
   
 
  941  
 
   
   
 
  1,004  
 
   
   
 
  817  
 
   
   
 
  681  
 
 
 
 Commodity contracts 
 
   
 
  (6) 
 
   
   
 
  6  
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
   
   
 
  (5) 
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  909  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  852  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  448  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  177  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 The total pre-tax amount in AOCI related to cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions was a $251 million loss at December 31, 2013. We expect to transfer $208 million to earnings as an expense in the next 12 months contemporaneously with the earnings effects of the related forecasted transactions. In 2013, we recognized insignificant gains and losses related to hedged forecasted transactions and firm commitments that did not occur by the end of the originally specified period. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the maximum term of derivative instruments that hedge forecasted transactions was 19 years and 20 years, respectively. 

   

   

 For cash flow hedges, the amount of ineffectiveness in the hedging relationship and amount of the changes in fair value of the derivatives that are not included in the measurement of ineffectiveness are both reflected in earnings each reporting period. These amounts are primarily reported in GECC revenues from services and totaled $0 million and $5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 
 

 Net investment hedges in foreign operations 

   

 We use currency exchange derivatives to protect our net investments in global operations conducted in non-U.S. dollar currencies. For derivatives that are designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, we assess effectiveness based on changes in spot currency exchange rates. Changes in spot rates on the derivative are recorded as a component of AOCI until such time as the foreign entity is substantially liquidated or sold. The change in fair value of the forward points, which reflects the interest rate differential between the two countries on the derivative, is excluded from the effectiveness assessment. 

 
 

 The following table provides information about the amounts recorded in AOCI for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, as well as the gain (loss) recorded in GECC revenues from services   when reclassified out of AOCI. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (181) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) recognized 
 
   
 
 Gain (loss) reclassified 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
 
 in CTA 
 
   
 
 from CTA 
 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Currency exchange contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,322  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,905) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,525) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  27  
 
 
 

 
 

 The amounts related to the change in the fair value of the forward points that are excluded from the measure of effectiveness were $(678) million and $(874) million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and are recorded in interest and other financial charges. 

 
 

 Free-standing derivatives 

   

 Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recorded in earnings each period. As discussed above, these derivatives are typically entered into as economic hedges of changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity prices and other risks. Gains or losses related to the derivative are typically recorded in GECC revenues from services or other income, based on our accounting policy. In general, the earnings effects of the item that represent the economic risk exposure are recorded in the same caption as the derivative. Losses for the year ended December 31, 2013 on derivatives not designated as hedges were $(449) million composed of amounts related to interest rate contracts of $(111) million, currency exchange contracts of $(595) million, and other derivatives of $257 million. These losses were more than offset by the earnings effects from the underlying items that were economically hedged. Losses for the year ended December 31, 2012 on derivatives not designated as hedges were $(90) million composed of amounts related to interest rate contracts of $(296) million, currency exchange contracts of $80 million, and other derivatives of $126 million. These losses were more than offset by the earnings effects from the underlying items that were economically hedged. 

 
 

 Counterparty credit risk 

   

 Fair values of our derivatives can change significantly from period to period based on, among other factors, market movements and changes in our positions. We manage counterparty credit risk (the risk that counterparties will default and not make payments to us according to the terms of our agreements) on an individual counterparty basis. Where we have agreed to netting of derivative exposures with a counterparty, we net our exposures with that counterparty and apply the value of collateral posted to us to determine the exposure. We actively monitor these net exposures against defined limits and take appropriate actions in response, including requiring additional collateral. 

 
 

 As discussed above, we have provisions in certain of our master agreements that require counterparties to post collateral (typically, cash or U.S. Treasury securities) when our receivable due from the counterparty, measured at current market value, exceeds a specified limit. The fair value of such collateral was $4,581 million, of which $2,619 million was cash and $1,962 million was in the form of securities held by a custodian for our benefit. Under certain of these same agreements, we post collateral to our counterparties for our derivative obligations, the fair value of which was $242 million at December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2013, our exposure to counterparties (including accrued interest), net of collateral we hold, was $871 million. This excludes exposure related to embedded derivatives. 

 
 

 Additionally, our master agreements typically contain mutual downgrade provisions that provide the ability of each party to require termination if the long-term credit rating of the counterparty were to fall below A-/A3. In certain of these master agreements, each party also has the ability to require termination if the short-term rating of the counterparty were to fall below A-1/P-1. Our master agreements also typically contain provisions that provide termination rights upon the occurrence of certain other events, such as a bankruptcy or events of default by one of the parties. If an agreement was terminated under any of these circumstances, the termination amount payable would be determined on a net basis and could also take into account any collateral posted. The net amount of our derivative liability, after consideration of collateral posted by us and outstanding interest payments was $1,234 million at December 31, 2013. This excludes embedded derivatives. 

 
  

 
 
   
 

 
 (182) 

 
 
 
 

 
   
 
 

   

 NOTE 23. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

   

 We use variable interest entities primarily to securitize financial assets and arrange other forms of asset-backed financing in the ordinary course of business. Except as noted below, investors in these entities only have recourse to the assets owned by the entity and not to our general credit. We do not have implicit support arrangements with any VIE. We did not provide non-contractual support for previously transferred financing receivables to any VIE in 2013 or 2012. 

 
 

 In evaluating whether we have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, we consider the purpose for which the VIE was created, the importance of each of the activities in which it is engaged and our decision-making role, if any, in those activities that significantly determine the entity’s economic performance as compared to other economic interest holders. This evaluation requires consideration of all facts and circumstances relevant to decision-making that affects the entity’s future performance and the exercise of professional judgment in deciding which decision-making rights are most important. 

 
 

 In determining whether we have the right to receive benefits or the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE, we evaluate all of our economic interests in the entity, regardless of form (debt, equity, management and servicing fees, and other contractual arrangements). This evaluation considers all relevant factors of the entity’s design, including: the entity’s capital structure, contractual rights to earnings (losses), subordination of our interests relative to those of other investors, contingent payments, as well as other contractual arrangements that have the potential to be economically significant. The evaluation of each of these factors in reaching a conclusion about the potential significance of our economic interests is a matter that requires the exercise of professional judgment. 

 
 

 Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 

   

 We consolidate VIEs because we have the power to direct the activities that significantly affect the VIEs economic performance, typically because of our role as either servicer or manager for the VIE. Our consolidated VIEs fall into three main groups, which are further described below: 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Trinity comprises two consolidated entities that hold investment securities, the majority of which are investment grade, and were funded by the issuance of GICs. The GICs included conditions under which certain holders could require immediate repayment of their investment should the long-term credit ratings of GECC fall below AA-/Aa3 or the short-term credit ratings fall below A-1+/P-1. The outstanding GICs are subject to their scheduled maturities and individual terms, which may include provisions permitting redemption upon a downgrade of one or more of GECC’s ratings, among other things, and are reported in investment contracts, insurance liabilities and insurance annuity benefits. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Consolidated Securitization Entities (CSEs) were created to facilitate securitization of financial assets and other forms of asset-backed financing that serve as an alternative funding source by providing access to variable funding notes and term markets. The securitization transactions executed with these entities are similar to those used by many financial institutions and substantially all are non-recourse. We provide servicing for substantially all of the assets in these entities. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 The financing receivables in these entities have similar risks and characteristics to our other financing receivables and were underwritten to the same standard. Accordingly, the performance of these assets has been similar to our other financing receivables; however, the blended performance of the pools of receivables in these entities reflects the eligibility criteria that we apply to determine which receivables are selected for transfer. Contractually the cash flows from these financing receivables must first be used to pay third-party debt holders as well as other expenses of the entity. Excess cash flows are available to GE. The creditors of these entities have no claim on other assets of GE. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (183) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Other remaining assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs relate primarily to three categories of entities: (1) joint ventures that lease equipment of $1,539 million of assets and $727 million of liabilities; (2) other entities that are involved in power generating and leasing activities of $762 million of assets and no liabilities; and (3) insurance entities that, among other lines of business, provide property and casualty and workers’ compensation coverage for GE of $1,209 million of assets and $566 million of liabilities. 
 
 
 

   

 The table below summarizes the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs described above. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 Consolidated Securitization Entities 
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Credit 
 
   
   
   
 
 Trade 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 Trinity 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 cards 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Equipment 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 receivables 
 
   
 
 Other 
 
   
 
 Total 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2013  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     receivables, net 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,766  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,928  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,509  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,044  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  42,247  
 
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
 
  2,786  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,044  
 
   
   
 
  3,830  
 
 
 
 Other assets 
 
   
 
  213  
 
   
   
 
  20  
 
   
   
 
  557  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,430  
 
   
   
 
  3,220  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,999  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,786  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  13,485  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,509  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,518  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  49,297  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  598  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  598  
 
 
 
 Non-recourse 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     borrowings 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  15,363  
 
   
   
 
  10,982  
 
   
   
 
  2,180  
 
   
   
 
  49  
 
   
   
 
  28,574  
 
 
 
 Other liabilities 
 
   
 
  1,482  
 
   
   
 
  228  
 
   
   
 
  248  
 
   
   
 
  25  
 
   
   
 
  1,351  
 
   
   
 
  3,334  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,482  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,591  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,230  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,205  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,998  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  32,506  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 2012  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Assets(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Financing 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     receivables, net 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,169  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,456  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,339  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,952  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  40,916  
 
 
 
 Investment securities 
 
   
 
  3,435  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  1,051  
 
   
   
 
  4,486  
 
 
 
 Other assets 
 
   
 
  217  
 
   
   
 
  29  
 
   
   
 
  360  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  2,428  
 
   
   
 
  3,034  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,652  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,198  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  12,816  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,339  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,431  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  48,436  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Liabilities(c) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  711  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  711  
 
 
 
 Non-recourse 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     borrowings 
 
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  17,208  
 
   
   
 
  9,811  
 
   
   
 
  2,050  
 
   
   
 
  54  
 
   
   
 
  29,123  
 
 
 
 Other liabilities 
 
   
 
  1,656  
 
   
   
 
  146  
 
   
   
 
  11  
 
   
   
 
  8  
 
   
   
 
  1,215  
 
   
   
 
  3,036  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,656  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  17,354  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,822  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,058  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,980  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  32,870  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Excludes intercompany advances from GECC to Trinity, which are eliminated in consolidation of $1,837 million and $2,441 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 We provide servicing to the CSEs and are contractually permitted to commingle cash collected from customers on financing receivables sold to CSE investors with our own cash prior to payment to a CSE, provided our short-term credit rating does not fall below A-1/P-1. These CSEs also owe us amounts for purchased financial assets and scheduled interest and principal payments. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the amounts of commingled cash owed to the CSEs were $6,314 million and $6,225 million, respectively, and the amounts owed to GECC by CSEs were $5,540 million and $6,143 million, respectively. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Asset amounts exclude intercompany receivables for cash collected on behalf of these entities by GE as servicer, which are eliminated in consolidation. Such receivables provide the cash to repay the entities’ liabilities. If these intercompany receivables were included in the table above, assets would be higher. In addition, other assets, borrowings and other liabilities exclude intercompany balances that are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 
 

   

   

 Total revenues from our consolidated VIEs were $7,540 million, $7,127 million and $6,326 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Related expenses consisted primarily of provisions for losses of $1,247 million, $1,171 million and $1,146 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and interest and other financial charges of $355 million, $541 million and $594 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. These amounts do not include intercompany revenues and costs, principally fees and interest between GE and the VIEs, which are eliminated in consolidation. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (184) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Investments in Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 

   

 Our involvement with unconsolidated VIEs consists of the following activities: assisting in the formation and financing of the entity, providing recourse and/or liquidity support, servicing the assets and receiving variable fees for services provided. We are not required to consolidate these entities because the nature of our involvement with the activities of the VIEs does not give us power over decisions that significantly affect their economic performance. 

 
 

 Our largest exposure to any single unconsolidated VIE at December 31, 2013 is an investment in asset-backed securities issued by the Senior Secured Loan Program (SSLP), a fund that invests in high-quality senior secured debt of various middle-market companies ($6,996 million). Other significant unconsolidated VIEs include investments in real estate entities ($2,369 million), which generally consist of passive limited partnership investments in tax-advantaged, multi-family real estate and investments in various European real estate entities; and exposures to joint ventures that purchase factored receivables ($2,624 million). 

 
 

 The classification of our variable interests in these entities in our financial statements is based on the nature of the entity and the type of investment we hold. Variable interests in partnerships and corporate entities are classified as either equity method or cost method investments. In the ordinary course of business, we also make investments in entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary but may hold a variable interest such as limited partner interests or mezzanine debt investments. These investments are classified in two captions in our financial statements: “All other assets” for investments accounted for under the equity method, and “Financing receivables – net” for debt financing provided to these entities. Our investments in unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 follow. 

   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Other assets and investment securities 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,129  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,027  
 
 
 
 Financing receivables – net 
 
   
   
 
  3,346  
 
   
   
 
 2,654  
 
 
 
 Total investments 
 
   
   
 
  12,475  
 
   
   
 
 12,681  
 
 
 
 Contractual obligations to fund 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     investments or guarantees 
 
   
   
 
  2,741  
 
   
   
 
 2,608  
 
 
 
 Revolving lines of credit 
 
   
   
 
  31  
 
   
   
 
 41  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  15,247  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 15,330  
 
 
 

 
 

 As previously reported, during 2012, Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P. (PTL) effected a recapitalization and subsequently acquired third-party financing in order to repay outstanding debt owed to GECC. In the first quarter of 2013, PTL had repaid all outstanding debt owed and terminated its borrowing arrangement with GECC. During the second quarter of 2013, PTL ceased to be a VIE as a result of a principal in PTL retiring from the GE Board. Therefore, our investment in PTL ($899 million at December 31, 2013) is not reported in the December 31, 2013 balance in the table above. As co-issuer and co-guarantor of the $700 million of debt raised by the funding entity related to PTL, GECC reports this amount, which is also our loss exposure and excluded from the table above, as debt of GECC in its financial statements. GECC has been indemnified by the other limited partners of PTL for their proportionate share of the debt obligation. 

 
 

 In addition to the entities included in the table above, we also hold passive investments in RMBS, CMBS and ABS issued by VIEs. Such investments were, by design, investment grade at issuance and held by a diverse group of investors. Further information about such investments is provided in Note 3. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (185) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 24. COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

   

 Commitments 

   

 In our Aviation segment, we had committed to provide financing assistance on $2,669 million of future customer acquisitions of aircraft equipped with our engines, including commitments made to airlines in 2013 for future sales under our GE90 and GEnx engine campaigns. The GECAS business of GE Capital had placed multiple-year orders for various Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft with list prices approximating $29,405 million and secondary orders with airlines for used aircraft of approximately $816 million at December 31, 2013. 

 
 

 Product Warranties 

   

 We provide for estimated product warranty expenses when we sell the related products. Because warranty estimates are forecasts that are based on the best available information – mostly historical claims experience – claims costs may differ from amounts provided. An analysis of changes in the liability for product warranties follows. 

   

 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,383  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,507  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,405  
 
 
 
 Current-year provisions 
 
   
 
  745  
 
   
   
 
  611  
 
   
   
 
  866  
 
 
 
 Expenditures 
 
   
 
  (814) 
 
   
   
 
  (723) 
 
   
   
 
  (881) 
 
 
 
 Other changes 
 
   
 
  10  
 
   
   
 
  (12) 
 
   
   
 
  117  
 
 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,324  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,383  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  1,507  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 Guarantees 

   

 Our guarantees are provided in the ordinary course of business. We underwrite these guarantees considering economic, liquidity and credit risk of the counterparty. We believe that the likelihood is remote that any such arrangements could have a significant adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. We record liabilities for guarantees at estimated fair value, generally the amount of the premium received, or if we do not receive a premium, the amount based on appraisal, observed market values or discounted cash flows. Any associated expected recoveries from third parties are recorded as other receivables, not netted against the liabilities. 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, we were committed under the following guarantee arrangements beyond those provided on behalf of VIEs. See Note 23. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Credit Support.  We have provided $2,775 million of credit support on behalf of certain customers or associated companies, predominantly joint ventures and partnerships, using arrangements such as standby letters of credit and performance guarantees. These arrangements enable these customers and associated companies to execute transactions or obtain desired financing arrangements with third parties. Should the customer or associated company fail to perform under the terms of the transaction or financing arrangement, we would be required to perform on their behalf. Under most such arrangements, our guarantee is secured, usually by the asset being purchased or financed, or possibly by certain other assets of the customer or associated company. The length of these credit support arrangements parallels the length of the related financing arrangements or transactions. The liability for such credit support was $36 million at December 31, 2013. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Indemnification Agreements.  We have agreements that require us to fund up to $125 million at December 31, 2013 under residual value guarantees on a variety of leased equipment. Under most of our residual value guarantees, our commitment is secured by the leased asset. The liability for these indemnification agreements was $21 million at December 31, 2013. 
 
 
 

 
 

 At December 31, 2013, we also had $1,009 million of other indemnification commitments, substantially all of which relate to representations and warranties in sales of businesses or assets. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 · 
 
 
 Contingent Consideration.  These are agreements to provide additional consideration to a buyer or seller in a business combination if contractually specified conditions related to the acquisition or disposition are achieved. 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (186) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 

   
 
 

 NOTE 25. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

   

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities are net of acquisitions and dispositions of principal businesses. 

 
 

 Amounts reported in the “Proceeds from sales of discontinued operations” and “Proceeds from principal business dispositions” lines in the Statement of Cash Flows are net of cash disposed and included certain deal-related costs. Amounts reported in the “Net cash from (payments for) principal businesses purchased” line is net of cash acquired and included certain deal-related costs and debt assumed and immediately repaid in acquisitions. Amounts reported in the “Proceeds from sale of equity interest in NBCU LLC” line included certain deal-related costs. 

 
 

 Amounts reported in the “All other operating activities” line in the Statement of Cash Flows consist primarily of adjustments to current and noncurrent accruals, deferrals of costs and expenses and adjustments to assets. GECC had non-cash transactions related to foreclosed properties and repossessed assets totaling $482 million, $839 million and $859 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 
 

 Certain supplemental information related to GE and GECC cash flows is shown below. 

   

 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Net dispositions (purchases) of GE shares for treasury 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Open market purchases under share repurchase program 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (10,225) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (5,005) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,065) 
 
 
 
     Other purchases 
 
   
 
  (91) 
 
   
   
 
  (110) 
 
   
   
 
  (100) 
 
 
 
     Dispositions 
 
   
 
  1,038  
 
   
   
 
  951  
 
   
   
 
  709  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (9,278) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (4,164) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,456) 
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 All other operating activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  425  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  447  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  562  
 
 
 
 Net realized losses on investment securities 
 
   
 
  523  
 
   
   
 
  34  
 
   
   
 
  197  
 
 
 
 Cash collateral on derivative contracts 
 
   
 
  (2,271) 
 
   
   
 
  2,900  
 
   
   
 
  1,247  
 
 
 
 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 
 
   
 
  2,334  
 
   
   
 
  560  
 
   
   
 
  (1,344) 
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  (912) 
 
   
   
 
  1,477  
 
   
   
 
  2,465  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  99  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,418  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,127  
 
 
 
 Net decrease (increase) in GECC financing receivables 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Increase in loans to customers 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (311,860) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (308,156) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (322,270) 
 
 
 
 Principal collections from customers - loans 
 
   
 
  307,849  
 
   
   
 
  307,250  
 
   
   
 
  332,100  
 
 
 
 Investment in equipment for financing leases 
 
   
 
  (8,652) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,192) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,610) 
 
 
 
 Principal collections from customers - financing leases 
 
   
 
  9,646  
 
   
   
 
  10,976  
 
   
   
 
  12,431  
 
 
 
 Net change in credit card receivables 
 
   
 
  (8,058) 
 
   
   
 
  (8,030) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,243) 
 
 
 
 Sales of financing receivables 
 
   
 
  14,664  
 
   
   
 
  12,642  
 
   
   
 
  8,117  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  3,589  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  5,490  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,525  
 
 
 
 All other investing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Purchases of investment securities 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (16,422) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (15,666) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (20,816) 
 
 
 
 Dispositions and maturities of investment securities 
 
   
 
  18,139  
 
   
   
 
  17,010  
 
   
   
 
  19,535  
 
 
 
 Decrease (increase) in other assets - investments 
 
   
 
  1,089  
 
   
   
 
  4,338  
 
   
   
 
  2,672  
 
 
 
 Proceeds from sales of real estate properties 
 
   
 
  10,680  
 
   
   
 
  3,381  
 
   
   
 
  3,152  
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  1,486  
 
   
   
 
  2,731  
 
   
   
 
  3,190  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  14,972  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,794  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  7,733  
 
 
 
 Newly issued debt (maturities longer than 90 days) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Short-term (91 to 365 days) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  55  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  59  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  10  
 
 
 
 Long-term (longer than one year) 
 
   
 
  44,833  
 
   
   
 
  55,782  
 
   
   
 
  43,257  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  44,888  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  55,841  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  43,267  
 
 
 
 Repayments and other reductions (maturities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 longer than 90 days) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Short-term (91 to 365 days) 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (52,553) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (94,114) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (81,918) 
 
 
 
 Long-term (longer than one year) 
 
   
 
  (3,291) 
 
   
   
 
  (9,368) 
 
   
   
 
  (2,786) 
 
 
 
 Principal payments - non-recourse, leveraged leases 
 
   
 
  (585) 
 
   
   
 
  (426) 
 
   
   
 
  (732) 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (56,429) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (103,908) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (85,436) 
 
 
 
 All other financing activities 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Proceeds from sales of investment contracts 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  491  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  2,697  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  4,396  
 
 
 
 Redemption of investment contracts 
 
   
 
  (980) 
 
   
   
 
  (5,515) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,230) 
 
 
 
 Other 
 
   
 
  (420) 
 
   
   
 
  (49) 
 
   
   
 
  42  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (909) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (2,867) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (1,792) 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (187) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 26. INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS 

   

 Transactions between related companies are made on an arms-length basis, are eliminated and consist primarily of GECC dividends to GE; GE customer receivables sold to GECC; GECC services for trade receivables management and material procurement; buildings and equipment (including automobiles) leased between GE and GECC; information technology (IT) and other services sold to GECC by GE; aircraft engines manufactured by GE that are installed on aircraft purchased by GECC from third-party producers for lease to others; and various investments, loans and allocations of GE corporate overhead costs. 

 
 

 These intercompany transactions are reported in the GE and GECC columns of our financial statements, but are eliminated in deriving our consolidated financial statements. Effects of these eliminations on our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities are $(5,088) million, $492 million and $4,690 million for 2013, $(8,542) million, $2,328 million and $6,703 million for 2012 and $(558) million, $(373) million and $903 million for 2011, respectively. Details of these eliminations are shown below. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 (In millions) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Cash from (used for) operating activities-continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Combined 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  34,125  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  39,557  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  32,669  
 
 
 
    GE customer receivables sold to GECC 
 
   
 
  360  
 
   
   
 
  (1,809) 
 
   
   
 
  (577) 
 
 
 
    GECC dividends to GE 
 
   
 
  (5,985) 
 
   
   
 
  (6,426) 
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
    Other reclassifications and eliminations 
 
   
 
  537  
 
   
   
 
  (307) 
 
   
   
 
  19  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  29,037  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  31,015  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  32,111  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) investing activities-continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Combined 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  28,182  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,262  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  21,540  
 
 
 
    GE customer receivables sold to GECC 
 
   
 
  262  
 
   
   
 
  2,005  
 
   
   
 
  421  
 
 
 
    Other reclassifications and eliminations 
 
   
 
  230  
 
   
   
 
  323  
 
   
   
 
  (794) 
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  28,674  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  11,590  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  21,167  
 
 
 
 Cash from (used for) financing activities-continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Combined 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  (50,319) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (57,758) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (47,818) 
 
 
 
    GE customer receivables sold to GECC 
 
   
 
  (622) 
 
   
   
 
  (196) 
 
   
   
 
  156  
 
 
 
    GECC dividends to GE 
 
   
 
  5,985  
 
   
   
 
  6,426  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
 
 
    Other reclassifications and eliminations 
 
   
 
  (673) 
 
   
   
 
  473  
 
   
   
 
  747  
 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (45,629) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (51,055) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (46,915) 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 

 
 

 NOTE 27. OPERATING SEGMENTS 

   

 Basis for presentation 

   

 Our operating businesses are organized based on the nature of markets and customers. Segment accounting policies are the same as described in Note 1. Segment results for our financial services businesses reflect the discrete tax effect of transactions. 

 
 

 Results of our formerly consolidated subsidiary, NBCU, and our equity method investment in NBCU LLC, which we sold in the first quarter of 2013 are reported in the Corporate items and eliminations line on the Summary of Operating Segments. 

 
 

 A description of our operating segments as of December 31, 2013, can be found below, and details of segment profit by operating segment can be found in the Summary of Operating Segments table in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (188) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Power & Water 

   

 Power plant products and services, including design, installation, operation and maintenance services are sold into global markets. Gas, steam and aeroderivative turbines, nuclear reactors, generators, combined cycle systems, controls and related services, including total asset optimization solutions, equipment upgrades and long-term maintenance service agreements are sold to power generation and other industrial customers. Renewable energy solutions include wind turbines. Water treatment services and equipment include specialty chemical treatment programs, water purification equipment, mobile treatment systems and desalination processes. 

 
 

 Oil & Gas 

   

 Oil & Gas supplies mission critical equipment for the global oil and gas industry, used in applications spanning the entire value chain from drilling and completion through production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) and pipeline compression, pipeline inspection, and including downstream processing in refineries and petrochemical plants. The business designs and manufactures surface and subsea drilling and production systems, equipment for floating production platforms, compressors, turbines, turboexpanders, high pressure reactors, industrial power generation and a broad portfolio of auxiliary equipment. 

 
 

 Energy Management 

   

 Energy Management is GE’s electrification business. Global teams design leading technology solutions for the delivery, management, conversion and optimization of electrical power for customers across multiple energy-intensive industries. GE has invested in our Energy Management capabilities, with strategic acquisitions and joint ventures that enable GE to increase its offerings to the utility, industrial, renewables, oil and gas, marine, metals and mining industries. Plant automation hardware, software and embedded computing systems including controllers, embedded systems, advanced software, motion control, operator interfaces and industrial computers are also provided by Energy Management. 

 
 

 Aviation 

   

 Aviation products and services include jet engines, aerospace systems and equipment, replacement parts and repair and maintenance services for all categories of commercial aircraft; for a wide variety of military aircraft, includ­ing fighters, bombers, tankers and helicopters; for marine appli­cations; and for executive and regional aircraft. Products and services are sold worldwide to airframe manufacturers, airlines and government agencies. 

   

 Healthcare 

   

 Healthcare products include diagnostic imaging systems such as Magnetic Resonance (MR), Computed Tomography (CT) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scanners, X-ray, nuclear imaging, digital mammography, and Molecular Imaging technologies. Healthcare-manufactured technologies include patient and resident monitoring, diagnostic cardiology, ultrasound, bone densitometry, anesthesiology and oxygen therapy, and neonatal and critical care devices. Related services include equipment monitoring and repair, information technologies and customer productivity services. Products also include diagnostic imaging agents used in medical scanning procedures, drug discovery, biopharmaceutical manufacturing and purification, and tools for pro­tein and cellular analysis for pharmaceutical and academic research, including a pipeline of precision molecular diagnostics in development for neurology, cardiology and oncology applications. Products and services are sold worldwide to hospitals, medical facilities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and to the life science research market. 

   

 Transportation 

   

 Transportation is a global technology leader and supplier to the railroad, mining, marine and drilling industries. GE provides freight and passenger locomotives, diesel engines for rail, marine and stationary power applications, railway signaling and communications systems, underground mining equipment, motorized drive systems for mining trucks, information technology solutions, high-quality replacement parts and value added services. 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (189) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Appliances & Lighting 

   

 Products include major appliances and related services for products such as refrigerators, freezers, electric and gas ranges, cooktops, dishwashers, clothes washers and dryers, microwave ovens, room air conditioners, residential water systems for filtration, softening and heating, and hybrid water heaters. These products are distributed both to retail outlets and direct to consumers, mainly for the replacement market, and to building contractors and distributors for new installations. Lighting products include a wide variety of lamps and lighting fixtures, including light-emitting diodes. Products and services are sold in North America and in global markets under various GE and private-label brands. 
 

 
 

 GE Capital 

   

 CLL has particular mid-market expertise, and primarily offers secured commercial loans, equipment financing and other financial services to companies across a wide range of industries including construction, retail, manufacturing, transportation, media, communications, technology and healthcare. Equipment financing activities include industrial, medical, fleet vehicles, corporate aircraft, construction, office imaging and many other equipment types. 

 
 

 Consumer offers a full range of financial products including private-label credit cards; personal loans; bank cards; auto loans and leases; mortgages; debt consolidation; home equity loans; deposit and other savings products; and small and medium enterprise lending on a global basis. 

 
 

 Real Estate offers a comprehensive range of capital and investment solutions and finances, with both equity and loan structures, the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of office buildings, apartment buildings, retail facilities, hotels and industrial properties. 

 
 

 Energy Financial Services offers financial products to the global energy industry including structured equity, debt, leasing, partnership financing, product finance, and broad-based commercial finance. 

 
 

 GECAS, our commercial aircraft financing and leasing business, offers a wide range of aircraft types and financing options, including operating leases and secured debt financing, and also provides productivity solutions including spare engine leasing, airport and airline consulting services, and spare parts financing and management. 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Revenues 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 Total revenues(a) 
 
   
 
 Intersegment revenues(b) 
 
   
 
 External revenues 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  24,724  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 28,299  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 25,675  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  947  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 1,119  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 794  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  23,777  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 27,180  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,881  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas 
 
   
 
  16,975  
 
   
   
 
 15,241  
 
   
   
 
 13,608  
 
   
   
 
  360  
 
   
   
 
 314  
 
   
   
 
 302  
 
   
   
 
  16,615  
 
   
   
 
 14,927  
 
   
   
 
 13,306  
 
 
 
 Energy Management 
 
   
 
  7,569  
 
   
   
 
 7,412  
 
   
   
 
 6,422  
 
   
   
 
  848  
 
   
   
 
 487  
 
   
   
 
 504  
 
   
   
 
  6,721  
 
   
   
 
 6,925  
 
   
   
 
 5,918  
 
 
 
 Aviation 
 
   
 
  21,911  
 
   
   
 
 19,994  
 
   
   
 
 18,859  
 
   
   
 
  500  
 
   
   
 
 672  
 
   
   
 
 417  
 
   
   
 
  21,411  
 
   
   
 
 19,322  
 
   
   
 
 18,442  
 
 
 
 Healthcare 
 
   
 
  18,200  
 
   
   
 
 18,290  
 
   
   
 
 18,083  
 
   
   
 
  14  
 
   
   
 
 37  
 
   
   
 
 65  
 
   
   
 
  18,186  
 
   
   
 
 18,253  
 
   
   
 
 18,018  
 
 
 
 Transportation 
 
   
 
  5,885  
 
   
   
 
 5,608  
 
   
   
 
 4,885  
 
   
   
 
  12  
 
   
   
 
 11  
 
   
   
 
 33  
 
   
   
 
  5,873  
 
   
   
 
 5,597  
 
   
   
 
 4,852  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting 
 
   
 
  8,338  
 
   
   
 
 7,967  
 
   
   
 
 7,693  
 
   
   
 
  25  
 
   
   
 
 23  
 
   
   
 
 22  
 
   
   
 
  8,313  
 
   
   
 
 7,944  
 
   
   
 
 7,671  
 
 
 
     Total industrial 
 
   
 
  103,602  
 
   
   
 
 102,811  
 
   
   
 
 95,225  
 
   
   
 
  2,706  
 
   
   
 
 2,663  
 
   
   
 
 2,137  
 
   
   
 
  100,896  
 
   
   
 
 100,148  
 
   
   
 
 93,088  
 
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
   
 
  44,067  
 
   
   
 
 45,364  
 
   
   
 
 48,324  
 
   
   
 
  1,150  
 
   
   
 
 1,037  
 
   
   
 
 977  
 
   
   
 
  42,917  
 
   
   
 
 44,327  
 
   
   
 
 47,347  
 
 
 
 Corporate items 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and eliminations(c) 
 
   
 
  (1,624) 
 
   
   
 
 (1,491) 
 
   
   
 
 2,993  
 
   
   
 
  (3,856) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,700) 
 
   
   
 
 (3,114) 
 
   
   
 
  2,232  
 
   
   
 
 2,209  
 
   
   
 
 6,107  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  146,045  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,684  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,542  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  -  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  146,045  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,684  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 146,542  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Revenues of GE businesses include income from sales of goods and services to customers and other income. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Sales from one component to another generally are priced at equivalent commercial selling prices. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Includes the results of NBCU (our formerly consolidated subsidiary) and our former equity method investment in NBCUniversal LLC. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Revenues from customers located in the United States were $68,617 million, $70,466 million and $69,910 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Revenues from customers located outside the United States were $77,428 million, $76,218 million and $76,632 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (190) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 Property, plant and 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 Assets(a)(b) 
 
   
 
 equipment additions(c) 
 
   
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 
   
 
 At December 31 
 
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 
 
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Power & Water 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  29,526  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 27,174  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 27,074  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  714  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 661  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 770  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  668  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 647  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 605  
 
 
 
 Oil & Gas 
 
   
 
  26,181  
 
   
   
 
 20,099  
 
   
   
 
 18,855  
 
   
   
 
  1,185  
 
   
   
 
 467  
 
   
   
 
 904  
 
   
   
 
  479  
 
   
   
 
 426  
 
   
   
 
 434  
 
 
 
 Energy Management 
 
   
 
  9,962  
 
   
   
 
 9,253  
 
   
   
 
 9,835  
 
   
   
 
  137  
 
   
   
 
 155  
 
   
   
 
 414  
 
   
   
 
  323  
 
   
   
 
 287  
 
   
   
 
 239  
 
 
 
 Aviation 
 
   
 
  32,272  
 
   
   
 
 25,144  
 
   
   
 
 23,567  
 
   
   
 
  1,178  
 
   
   
 
 781  
 
   
   
 
 699  
 
   
   
 
  677  
 
   
   
 
 644  
 
   
   
 
 569  
 
 
 
 Healthcare 
 
   
 
  27,956  
 
   
   
 
 28,458  
 
   
   
 
 27,981  
 
   
   
 
  316  
 
   
   
 
 322  
 
   
   
 
 378  
 
   
   
 
  861  
 
   
   
 
 879  
 
   
   
 
 869  
 
 
 
 Transportation 
 
   
 
  4,472  
 
   
   
 
 4,389  
 
   
   
 
 2,633  
 
   
   
 
  282  
 
   
   
 
 724  
 
   
   
 
 193  
 
   
   
 
  167  
 
   
   
 
 90  
 
   
   
 
 88  
 
 
 
 Appliances & Lighting 
 
   
 
  4,237  
 
   
   
 
 4,133  
 
   
   
 
 3,675  
 
   
   
 
  405  
 
   
   
 
 485  
 
   
   
 
 268  
 
   
   
 
  300  
 
   
   
 
 265  
 
   
   
 
 260  
 
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
   
 
  516,829  
 
   
   
 
 539,351  
 
   
   
 
 584,643  
 
   
   
 
  9,978  
 
   
   
 
 11,879  
 
   
   
 
 9,871  
 
   
   
 
  7,738  
 
   
   
 
 7,348  
 
   
   
 
 7,480  
 
 
 
 Corporate items 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     and eliminations(d) 
 
   
 
  5,125  
 
   
   
 
 26,998  
 
   
   
 
 19,740  
 
   
   
 
 194  
 
   
   
 
 (99) 
 
   
   
 
 56  
 
   
   
 
  260  
 
   
   
 
 218  
 
   
   
 
 186  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  656,560  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 684,999  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 718,003  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,389  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 15,375  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,553  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,473  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,804  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 10,730  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations, NBCU (our formerly consolidated subsidiary) and our former equity method investment in NBCUniversal LLC are included in Corporate items and eliminations for all periods presented. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 
 Total assets of the Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting and GE Capital operating segments at December 31, 2013, include investment in and advances to associated companies of $507 million, $108 million, $788 million, $1,463 million, $576 million, $10 million, $388 million and $17,348 million, respectively. Investments in and advances to associated companies contributed approximately $(26) million, $18 million, $3 million, $4 million, $(48) million, $0 million, $40 million and $1,809 million to segment pre-tax income of Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting and GE Capital operating segments, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2013. Aggregate summarized financial information for significant associated companies assuming a 100% ownership interest included: total assets of $98,658 million, primarily financing receivables of $46,655 million; total liabilities of $66,535 million, primarily debt of $40,030 million; revenues totaled $22,692 million; and net earnings totaled $2,431 million. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (c) 
 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment include amounts relating to principal businesses purchased. 
 
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
 (d) 
 
 
 Includes deferred income taxes that are presented as assets for purposes of our consolidating balance sheet presentation. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
 
 Interest and other financial charges 
 
   
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 
 
 (In millions) 
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
   
   
 
 2013  
 
   
   
 
 2012  
 
   
   
 
 2011  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE Capital 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  9,267  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 11,596  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 13,760  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  (992) 
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 521  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 906  
 
 
 
 Corporate items and eliminations(a) 
 
   
 
  849  
 
   
   
 
 811  
 
   
   
 
 662  
 
   
   
 
  1,668  
 
   
   
 
 2,013  
 
   
   
 
 4,839  
 
 
 
 Total 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  10,116  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 12,407  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 14,422  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  676  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 2,534  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,745  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 
 Included amounts for Power & Water, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, Appliances & Lighting, for which our measure of segment profit excludes interest and other financial charges and income taxes. 
 
 
 

   

 
 

 Property, plant and equipment – net associated with operations based in the United States were $28,657 million, $27,192 million and $25,974 million at year-end 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Property, plant and equipment – net associated with operations based outside the United States were $40,170 million, $41,441 million and $38,573 million at year-end 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (191) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 NOTE 28. QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

   

 
 
 
   
 
 First quarter 
 
   
 
 Second quarter 
 
   
 
 Third quarter 
 
   
 
 Fourth quarter 
 
 
 
 (In millions; per-share amounts in dollars) 
 
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
   
 
 2013  
 
   
 
 2012  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Consolidated operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Earnings from continuing operations 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,631  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,257  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,423  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,681  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,272  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,460  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 5,149  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,449  
 
 
 
 Earnings (loss) from discontinued 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     operations 
 
   
 
 (120) 
 
   
   
 
 (185) 
 
   
   
 
 (124) 
 
   
   
 
 (543) 
 
   
   
 
 (91) 
 
   
   
 
 48  
 
   
   
 
 (1,785) 
 
   
   
 
 (303) 
 
 
 
 Net earnings 
 
   
 
 3,511  
 
   
   
 
 3,072  
 
   
   
 
 3,299  
 
   
   
 
 3,138  
 
   
   
 
 3,181  
 
   
   
 
 3,508  
 
   
   
 
 3,364  
 
   
   
 
 4,146  
 
 
 
 Less net earnings attributable to 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     noncontrolling interests 
 
   
 
 (16) 
 
   
   
 
 38  
 
   
   
 
 166  
 
   
   
 
 33  
 
   
   
 
 (10) 
 
   
   
 
 17  
 
   
   
 
 158  
 
   
   
 
 135  
 
 
 
 Net earnings attributable to 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     the Company 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,527  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,034  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,133  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,105  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,191  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,491  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 3,206  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 4,011  
 
 
 
 Per-share amounts – earnings from 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Diluted earnings per share 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.35  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.30  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.31  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.34  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.32  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.33  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.49  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
  0.41  
 
 
 
        Basic earnings per share 
 
   
 
  0.35  
 
   
   
 
  0.30  
 
   
   
 
  0.32  
 
   
   
 
  0.34  
 
   
   
 
  0.32  
 
   
   
 
  0.33  
 
   
   
 
  0.49  
 
   
   
 
  0.41  
 
 
 
 Per-share amounts – earnings (loss) 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     from discontinued operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Diluted earnings per share 
 
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.02)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.05)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (0.18) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.03)  
 
 
 
        Basic earnings per share 
 
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.02)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.05)  
 
   
   
 
  (0.01)  
 
   
   
 
  -  
 
   
   
 
  (0.18) 
 
   
   
 
  (0.03)  
 
 
 
 Per-share amounts – net earnings 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
        Diluted earnings per share 
 
   
 
  0.34  
 
   
   
 
  0.29  
 
   
   
 
  0.30  
 
   
   
 
  0.29  
 
   
   
 
  0.31  
 
   
   
 
  0.33  
 
   
   
 
  0.32  
 
   
   
 
  0.38  
 
 
 
        Basic earnings per share 
 
   
 
  0.34  
 
   
   
 
  0.29  
 
   
   
 
  0.30  
 
   
   
 
  0.29  
 
   
   
 
  0.31  
 
   
   
 
  0.33  
 
   
   
 
  0.32  
 
   
   
 
  0.38  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Selected data 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 GE 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Sales of goods and services 
 
 
 $ 
 
 
 22,303  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 23,687  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,623  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 25,138  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 25,262  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 24,749  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 28,826  
 
   
 
 $ 
 
 
 27,301  
 
 
 
     Gross profit from sales 
 
   
 
 4,867  
 
   
   
 
 5,653  
 
   
   
 
 6,007  
 
   
   
 
 5,800  
 
   
   
 
 5,691  
 
   
   
 
 6,025  
 
   
   
 
 6,819  
 
   
   
 
 8,341  
 
 
 
 GECC 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     Total revenues 
 
   
 
 11,468  
 
   
   
 
 11,267  
 
   
   
 
 10,916  
 
   
   
 
 11,285  
 
   
   
 
 10,606  
 
   
   
 
 11,207  
 
   
   
 
 11,077  
 
   
   
 
 11,605  
 
 
 
     Earnings from continuing operations 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
       attributable to the Company 
 
   
 
 1,938  
 
   
   
 
 1,760  
 
   
   
 
 1,924  
 
   
   
 
 2,112  
 
   
   
 
 1,903  
 
   
   
 
 1,668  
 
   
   
 
 2,493  
 
   
   
 
 1,805  
 
 
 

 
 

   

 For GE, gross profit from sales is sales of goods and services less costs of goods and services sold. 

 
 

 Earnings-per-share amounts are computed independently each quarter for earnings from continuing operations, earnings (loss) from discontinued operations and net earnings. As a result, the sum of each quarter’s per-share amount may not equal the total per-share amount for the respective year; and the sum of per-share amounts from continuing operations and discontinued operations may not equal the total per-share amounts for net earnings for the respective quarters. 

   

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

   

 Not applicable. 

 
 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

   

 Under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and concluded that (i) our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2013, and (ii) no change in internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2013, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such internal control over financial reporting. 

 
 

 Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm appears in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (192) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 Part III 

   

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

   

 Executive Officers of the Registrant (As of February 1, 2014) 

   

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
 
     
 
 
 Date assumed 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   
 
 Executive 
 
 
 
 Name 
 
 
     
 
 
 Position 
 
 
     
 
 
 Age 
 
   
 
 Officer Position 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
 
 
 Jeffrey R. Immelt 
 
   
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   
 
 57 
 
   
 
 January 1997 
 
 
 
 Jeffrey S. Bornstein 
 
   
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     
 
    
 
 48 
 
    
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 
 Kathryn A. Cassidy 
 
   
 
 Senior Vice President and GE Treasurer 
 
   
 
 59 
 
   
 
 March 2003 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth J. Comstock 
 
    
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer 
 
    
 
 53 
 
    
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 
 Brackett B. Denniston III 
 
   
 
 Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
 
   
 
 66 
 
   
 
 February 2004 
 
 
 
 Jan R. Hauser 
 
    
 
 Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer 
 
    
 
 54 
 
    
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 
 Daniel C. Heintzelman 
 
    
 
 Vice Chairman, Enterprise Risk and Operations 
 
    
 
 56 
 
    
 
 October 2013 
 
 
 
 Susan Peters 
 
    
 
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 
    
 
 60 
 
    
 
 August 2013 
 
 
 
 John G. Rice 
 
    
 
 Vice Chairman of General Electric Company; 
 
    
    
   
   
 
   
   
 
      President & CEO, Global Growth & Operations 
 
   
 
 57 
 
   
 
 September 1997 
 
 
 
 Keith S. Sherin 
 
    
 
 Vice Chairman of General Electric Company; CEO, 

   GE Capital 
 
    
 
 55 
 
    
 
 January 1999 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 All Executive Officers are elected by the Board of Directors for an initial term that continues until the Board meeting immediately preceding the next annual statutory meeting of shareowners, and thereafter are elected for one-year terms or until their successors have been elected. All Executive Officers have been executives of General Electric Company for the last five years except for Ms. Hauser. Prior to joining GE in March 2013, Ms. Hauser served as a partner, Accounting Services, National Professional Services Group at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

 
 

 The remaining information called for by this item is incorporated by reference to “Election of Directors,” “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” “Other Governance Policies and Practices” and “Board Committees” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held April 23, 2014, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 (the 2014 Proxy Statement). 

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

   

 Incorporated by reference to “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Summary Compensation,” “All Other Compensation,” “Other Benefits,” “Grants of Plan-Based Awards,” “Outstanding Equity Awards,” “Option Exercises and Stock Vested,” “Pension Benefits,” “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation,” “Potential Payments Upon Termination at Fiscal Year-End” and “Director Compensation” in the 2014 Proxy Statement. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

   

 Incorporated by reference to “Stock Ownership Information” in the 2014 Proxy Statement. The remaining information called for by this item relating to “Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans” is provided in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (193) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

   

 Incorporated by reference to “Related Person Transactions” and “Director Independence” in the 2014 Proxy Statement. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

   

 Incorporated by reference to “Independent Auditor Information” in the 2014 Proxy Statement. 

   

 Part IV 

   

   

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

   

 (a)1. Financial Statements 

   

 Included in Part II of this report: 

   

 Statement of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareowners’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

 Statement of Financial Position at December 31, 2013 and 2012 

 Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Other financial information: 

 Summary of Operating Segments 

 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Operating segment information 

 
 

 (a)2. Financial Statement Schedules 

   

 The schedules listed in Reg. 210.5-04 have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

 
 

 (a)3. Exhibit Index 

   

 
 
 
    
 
 2(a) 
 
 
 Master Agreement dated as of December 3, 2009 by and among General Electric Company, NBC Universal, Inc., Comcast Corporation and Navy, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a) to General Electric’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 3(i) 
 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of General Electric Company.* 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 3(ii) 
 
 
 The By-Laws, as amended, of General Electric Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) of General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2013 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(a)  
 
 
 Amended and Restated General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC) Standard Global Multiple Series Indenture Provisions dated as of February 27, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to GECC’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-59707 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(b) 
 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of February 27, 1997, between GECC and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to GECC’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-59707 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (194) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 4(c) 
 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 3, 1999, supplemental to Third Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of February 27, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(dd) to GECC’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-76479 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(d) 
 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2001, supplemental to Third Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of February 27, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(f) to GECC’s Post-Effective Amendment No.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-40880 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(e) 
 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 22, 2002, supplemental to Third Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of February 27, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(cc) to GECC’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-100527 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(f) 
 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2007, supplemental to Third Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of February 27, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(g) to GECC’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File number 333-156929 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(g) 

   

   

   

   
 
 
 Indenture dated December 1, 2005, between General Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2005 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   
 
    
 
    
 
 4(h) 
 
 
 Senior Note Indenture dated as of October 9, 2012, between General Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2012 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(i) 
 
 
 Twelfth Amended and Restated Fiscal and Paying Agency Agreement among GECC, GE Capital Australia Funding Pty Ltd., GE Capital European Funding, GE Capital U.K. Funding and The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A., as fiscal and paying agents, dated as of April 5, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(i) to GECC’s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2013 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 4(j) 
 
 
 Letter from the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Electric to GECC dated September 15, 2006, with respect to returning dividends, distributions or other payments to GECC in certain circumstances described in the Indenture for Subordinated Debentures dated September 1, 2006, between GECC and the Bank of New York, as successor trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to GECC’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-132807 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
    
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 4(k) 

   
 
 
 Agreement to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request a copy of instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of the registrant and consolidated subsidiaries.* 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
 
 (10) 
 
 
 Except for 10(y), (z) and (aa) below, all of the following exhibits consist of Executive Compensation Plans or Arrangements: 
 
    
 
    
    
 
    
    
 
 (a) 
 
 
 General Electric Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended effective July 1, 1991 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (b) 
 
 
 General Electric Financial Planning Program, as amended through September 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993). 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (195) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
    
    
 
 (c) 
 
 
 General Electric Supplemental Life Insurance Program, as amended February 8, 1991 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (d) 
 
 
 General Electric Directors’ Charitable Gift Plan, as amended through December 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (e) 
 
 
 General Electric Leadership Life Insurance Program, effective January 1, 1994 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(r) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (f) 
 
 
 General Electric 1996 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the General Electric Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareowners held on April 24, 1996 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (g) 
 
 
 General Electric Supplementary Pension Plan, as amended effective January 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to General Electric’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010). 

   
 
 
    
    
 
 (h) 
 
 
 General Electric 2003 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of February 7, 2014.* 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (i) 
 
 
 Amendment to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans, dated as of December 14, 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to the General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (j) 
 
 
 GE Retirement for the Good of the Company Program, as amended effective January 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to General Electric’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (k) 
 
 
 GE Excess Benefits Plan, effective January 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(k) to General Electric's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (l) 
 
 
 General Electric 2006 Executive Deferred Salary Plan, as amended January 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(l) to General Electric's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (m) 
 
 
 General Electric Company 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated April 25, 2012) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to General Electric’s Registration Statement on Form S-8, dated May 4, 2012, File number 333-181177 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (n) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Stock Option Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan, as amended January 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(n) to General Electric's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (o) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Annual Restricted Stock Unit Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan, as amended January 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(o) to General Electric's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (196) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
    
    
 
 (p) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Periodic Restricted Stock Unit Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 27, 2007 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (q) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Long Term Performance Award Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated April 25, 2012) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (r) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Unit Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 27, 2007 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (s) 
 
 
 First Restatement of the General Electric International Employee Stock Purchase Plan effective May 1, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to General Electric's Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-163106 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 (t) 
 
 
 Form of Agreement for Long Term Performance Award Grants to Executive Officers under the General Electric Company 2007 Long-term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 of General Electric’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 12, 2010 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 
 
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
 
 (u) 
 
 
 Time Sharing Agreement dated November 22, 2010 between General Electric Company and Jeffrey R. Immelt (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(z) to General Electric’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   
 
 
    
    
 
 (v) 

   

   

   

 (w) 

   

   

   

 (x) 

   

   
 
 
 GE Stock Option Grant Agreement Dated March 4, 2010 for Jeffrey R. Immelt Terms & Conditions as Amended April 18, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   

 Non-Competition Agreement between General Electric Company and John Krenicki effective July 24, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   

 Time Sharing Agreement dated March 13, 2013 between General Electric Company and Brackett B. Denniston III (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   
 
 
    
    
 
 (y) 
 
 
 Amended and Restated Income Maintenance Agreement, dated October 29, 2009, between the Registrant and General Electric Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to GECC's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 

   
 
 
    
    
 
 (z) 

   

   

   

   

   

 (aa) 
 
 
 Transaction Agreement dated as of February 12, 2013 among General Electric Company, Comcast Corporation, National Broadcasting Company Holding, Inc., Navy Holdings, Inc., NBCUniversal, LLC and NBCUniversal Media, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2013 to the Transaction Agreement dated as of February 12, 2013 by and among General Electric Company, Comcast Corporation, NBCUniversal, LLC, NBCUniversal Media, LLC, National Broadcasting Company Holding, Inc. and Navy Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of General Electric’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 (Commission file number 001-00035)). 

   
 
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (197) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 (11) 
 
 
 Statement re Computation of Per Share Earnings.** 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 12(a) 
 
 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 12(b) 
 
 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 (21) 
 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 (23) 
 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 (24) 
 
 
 Power of Attorney.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 31(a) 
 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 31(b) 
 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 (32) 
 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.* 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 99(a)  
 
 
 Undertaking for Inclusion in Registration Statements on Form S-8 of General Electric Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(b) to General Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-00035) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992). 
 
 
    
    
    
 
    
 
 99(b)  
 
 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 12(a) to GECC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 (Commission file number 001-06461)). 
 
 
    
    
    
 
    
 
 (101) 
 
 
 The following materials from General Electric Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language); (i) Statement of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, (ii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareowners' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, (iv) Statement of Financial Position at December 31, 2013 and 2012, (v) Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
    
 
 
 * 
 
 
 Filed electronically herewith. 
 
 
 
 **  
 
 
 Information required to be presented in Exhibit 11 is provided in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 260,  Earnings Per Share . 
 
 
    
    
 
 
 

   

 
 
    
 

 
 (198) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   
 
 
 

   

 Signatures 

   

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, and in the capacities indicated, thereunto duly authorized in the Town of Fairfield and State of Connecticut on the 27 th  day of February 2014. 

   

   

 
 
 
    
    
 
 General Electric Company 

 (Registrant) 
 
    
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 By 
 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Bornstein 
 
    
 
    
    
 
 Jeffrey S. Bornstein 

 Senior Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
    
 
 

 
  

 
 
    
 

 
 (199) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 
 

 
 
 
    
 
 Signer 
 
    
 
 Title 
 
    
 
 Date 
 
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 /s/ Jeffrey S. Bornstein 
 
    
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
    
 
 February 27, 2014 
 
 
    
 
 Jeffrey S. Bornstein 

 Senior Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 /s/ Jan R. Hauser 
 
    
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
    
 
 February 27, 2014 
 
 
    
 
 Jan R. Hauser 

 Vice President and Controller 
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 Jeffrey R. Immelt* 
 
    
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
 
   
 
 
 W. Geoffrey Beattie* 

 John J. Brennan* 
 
    
 
 Director 

 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 James I. Cash, Jr.* 

 Francisco D’Souza* 

 Marijn E. Dekkers* 
 
    
 
 Director 

 Director 

 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Ann M. Fudge* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Susan Hockfield* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Andrea Jung* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Robert W. Lane* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Ralph S. Larsen* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Rochelle B. Lazarus* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 James J. Mulva* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 James E. Rohr* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Mary L. Schapiro* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Robert J. Swieringa* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 James S. Tisch* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
 
 Douglas A. Warner III* 
 
    
 
 Director 
 
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 A majority of the Board of Directors 
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
 
 
 *By 
 
 
 /s/ Christoph A. Pereira 
 
    
    
    
    
 
    
 
 Christoph A. Pereira 

 Attorney-in-fact 

 February 27, 2014 
 
    
    
    
    
 
 

   

   

   
 

 
 

 
 
    
 

 
 (200) 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
