
 10-K
 1
 corp10k2015.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 10-K 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended   Commission file December 31, 2015   number 1-5805 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware   13-2624428 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. employer identification no.)       270 Park Avenue, New York, New York   10017 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip code)       Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock   The New York Stock Exchange     The London Stock Exchange Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 5.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series O   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.70% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series T   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB   The New York Stock Exchange Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024   NYSE Arca, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   o   Yes   x   No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or   Section 15(d)   of the Act.   o   Yes   x   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or   15(d)   of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x   Yes   o   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x   Yes   o   No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this   Form 10-K   or any amendment to this   Form 10-K.   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x   Large accelerated filer o   Accelerated filer o   Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) o   Smaller reporting company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   o   Yes   x   No The aggregate market value of  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  common stock held by non-affiliates as of  June 30, 2015 :  $249,201,931,877 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of  January 31, 2016 :  3,670,264,897 Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on  May 17, 2016 , are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. Form 10-K Index Part I   Page Item 1 Business 1   Overview 1   Business segments 1   Competition 1   Supervision and regulation 1   Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials 316–320   Return on equity and assets 66, 309, 316   Securities portfolio 321   Loan portfolio 112–129, 242–261,  322–327   Summary of loan and lending-related commitments loss experience 130–132, 262–265,  328–329   Deposits 278,330   Short-term and other borrowed funds 331 Item 1A Risk factors 8–18 Item 1B Unresolved SEC Staff comments 18 Item 2 Properties 19 Item 3 Legal proceedings 19 Item 4 Mine safety disclosures 19       Part II     Item 5 Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 20 Item 6 Selected financial data 20 Item 7 Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 20 Item 7A Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 20 Item 8 Financial statements and supplementary data 21 Item 9 Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 21 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 21 Item 9B Other information 21       Part III     Item 10 Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 22 Item 11 Executive compensation 23 Item 12 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 23 Item 13 Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 23 Item 14 Principal accounting fees and services 23       Part IV     Item 15 Exhibits, financial statement schedules 24–27 Part I ITEM 1: BUSINESS Overview JPMorgan Chase & Co.,   (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”)  a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the  United States of America (“ U.S. ”) , with operations worldwide; the Firm had  $2.4 trillion  in assets and  $247.6 billion  in stockholders’ equity as of  December 31, 2015 .  The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in  23  states, and Chase Bank USA, National Association (“Chase Bank USA, N.A.”), a national banking association that is the Firm’s credit card-issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMorgan Securities”), the Firm’s U.S. investment banking firm. The bank and nonbank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. One of the Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries in the  United Kingdom (“U.K.”)  is J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The Firm’s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase makes available free of charge, through its website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Firm has adopted, and posted on its website, a Code of Conduct for all employees of the Firm and a Code of Ethics for its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and all other professionals of the Firm worldwide serving in a finance, accounting, tax or investor relations role. Business segments JPMorgan Chase’s activities are organized, for management reporting purposes, into  four  major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate   segment. The Firm’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) segment. The Firm’s wholesale business segments are Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), Commercial Banking (“CB”), and Asset Management (“AM”).   A description of the Firm’s business segments and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases is provided in the “Business segment results” section of Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”), beginning on page  68  and in Note 33. Competition JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries and affiliates operate in a highly competitive environment. Competitors include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies, mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other Internet-based companies, financial technology companies, and other companies engaged in providing similar products and services. The Firm’s businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the Firm’s products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Competition also varies based on the types of clients, customers, industries and geographies served. With respect to some of its geographies and products, JPMorgan Chase competes globally; with respect to others, the Firm competes on a national or regional basis. The Firm’s ability to compete also depends on its ability to attract and retain professional and other personnel, and on its reputation. It is likely that competition in the financial services industry will become even more intense as the Firm’s businesses continue to compete with other financial institutions that may have a stronger local presence in certain geographies or that operate under different rules and regulatory regimes than the Firm, or with companies that provide new or innovative products or services that the Firm is unable to provide. Supervision and regulation The Firm is subject to regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of each of the various jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Firm does business. As a result of regulatory reforms enacted and proposed in the U.S. and abroad, the Firm has been experiencing a period of significant change in regulation which has had and could continue to have significant consequences for how the Firm conducts business. The Firm continues to work diligently in assessing the regulatory changes it is facing, and is devoting substantial resources to comply with all the new regulations, while, at the same time, endeavoring to best meet the needs and expectations of its customers, clients and shareholders. These efforts include the implementation of new policies, procedures and controls, and appropriate adjustments to the Firm’s business and operations, legal entity structure and capital and liquidity      1 Part I management. The combined effect of numerous rule-makings by multiple governmental agencies and regulators, and the potential conflicts or inconsistencies among such rules, present challenges and risks to the Firm’s business and operations. Given the current status of the regulatory developments, the Firm cannot currently quantify all of the possible effects on its business and operations of the significant changes that are underway. For more information, see Risk Factors on  pages 8–18 . Financial holding company: Consolidated supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) . As a bank holding company (“BHC”) and a financial holding company, JPMorgan Chase is subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve acts as an “umbrella regulator” and certain of JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries are regulated directly by additional authorities based on the particular activities of those subsidiaries. For example, JPMorgan Chase’s national bank subsidiaries, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Chase Bank USA, N.A., are subject to supervision and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and, with respect to certain matters, by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”). Certain non-bank subsidiaries, such as the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers, are subject to supervision and regulation by the SEC, and subsidiaries of the Firm that engage in certain futures-related and swaps-related activities are subject to supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). See Securities and broker-dealer regulation, Investment management regulation and Derivatives regulation below. In addition, the Firm’s consumer activities are subject to supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) and to regulation under various state statutes which are enforced by the respective state’s Attorney General. Scope of permissible business activities.  The Bank Holding Company Act generally restricts BHCs from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities. Financial holding companies generally can engage in a broader range of financial activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs, including underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities, and making merchant banking investments in non-financial companies. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit a financial holding company’s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible if the financial holding company or any of its depositary institution subsidiaries ceases to meet the applicable eligibility requirements (including requirements that the financial holding company and each of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries maintain their status as “well-capitalized” and “well-managed”). The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the financial holding company and may, for example, require divestiture of the holding company’s    depository institutions if the deficiencies persist. Federal regulations also provide that if any depository institution controlled by a financial holding company fails to maintain a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Reserve must prohibit the financial holding company and its subsidiaries from engaging in any activities other than those permissible for bank holding companies. In addition, a financial holding company must obtain Federal Reserve approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both in the U.S. and internationally, as further described under Regulation of acquisitions below. Activities restrictions under the Volcker Rule.  Section 619 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) (the “Volcker Rule”) prohibits banking entities , including the Firm,  from engaging in certain “proprietary trading” activities, subject to exceptions for underwriting, market-making, risk-mitigating hedging and certain other activities.  In addition, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined by the Volcker Rule) and imposes limits on certain transactions between the Firm and its sponsored funds (see JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiary banks — Restrictions on transactions with affiliates below).  The Volcker Rule, which became effective in July 2015, requires banking entities to establish comprehensive compliance programs reasonably designed to help ensure and monitor compliance with the restrictions under the Volcker Rule, including, in order to distinguish permissible from impermissible risk-taking activities, the measurement, monitoring and reporting of certain key metrics.   Given the uncertainty and complexity of the Volcker Rule’s framework, the full impact of the Volcker Rule will ultimately depend on its ongoing interpretation by the five regulatory agencies responsible for its oversight.   Capital and liquidity requirements.  The Federal Reserve establishes capital and leverage requirements for the Firm and evaluates its compliance with such requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital and leverage requirements for the Firm’s national banking subsidiaries. For more information about the applicable requirements relating to risk-based capital and leverage in the U.S. under the most recent capital framework established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”)(“Basel III”), see Capital Management on  pages 149–158  and Note 28. Under Basel III, bank holding companies and banks are required to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests: the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”). The U.S. banking regulators have approved the final LCR rule (“U.S. LCR”), which became effective on January 1, 2015. A proposed U.S. rule for NSFR is expected. For additional information on these ratios, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 159–164 . It is likely that the banking supervisors will continue to refine and enhance the Basel III capital framework for financial institutions. The Basel Committee recently finalized revisions to market risk capital for trading books; other proposals being contemplated by the Basel Committee include revisions to, among others, standardized credit and operational risk capital frameworks and revisions  2     to the securitization framework. After a proposal is finalized by the Basel Committee, U.S. banking regulators would then need to propose requirements applicable to U.S. financial institutions. Stress tests.  The Federal Reserve has adopted supervisory stress tests for large bank holding companies, including JPMorgan Chase, which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) framework. Under the framework,  the Firm  must conduct semi-annual company-run stress tests and, in addition, must submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by  the Firm  and the Federal Reserve.  In reviewing the Firm’s capital plan, the Federal Reserve considers both quantitative and qualitative factors. Qualitative assessments include (among other things) the comprehensiveness of the plan, the assumptions and analysis underlying the plan, and the extent to which the Firm has satisfied certain supervisory matters related to the Firm’s processes and analyses, including the design and operational effectiveness of the controls governing such processes. Moreover, the Firm is required to receive a notice of non-objection from the Federal Reserve before taking capital actions, such as paying dividends, implementing common equity repurchase programs or redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments.  The OCC requires JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to perform separate, similar annual stress tests.  The Firm publishes each year the results of its mid-cycle stress tests under the Firm’s internally-developed “severely adverse” scenario and the results of its (and its two primary subsidiary banks’) annual stress tests under the supervisory “severely adverse” scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. Commencing with the 2016 CCAR, the annual CCAR submission will be due on April 5. Results will be published by the Federal Reserve by June 30, with disclosures of results by BHCs, including the Firm, to follow within 15 days. Also commencing in 2016, the mid-cycle capital stress test submissions will be due on October 5 and BHCs, including the Firm, will publish results by November 4. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it is currently evaluating the inclusion of all or part of the global systemically important bank (“GSIB”) surcharge into the 2017 CCAR test and the Firm is currently awaiting further guidance. For additional information on the Firm’s CCAR, see Capital Management on  pages 149–158 . Enhanced prudential standards.  The Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), among other things, recommends prudential standards and reporting and disclosure requirements to the Federal Reserve for systemically important financial institutions, such as JPMorgan Chase. The Federal Reserve has adopted several rules to implement the heightened prudential standards, including final rules relating to risk management and corporate governance of subject BHCs. BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets are required to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk    management standards, including a buffer of highly liquid assets based on projected funding needs for 30 days, and their board of directors is required to conduct appropriate oversight of their risk management activities. For information on liquidity measures, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 159–164 . Several additional proposed rules are still being considered, including rules relating to single-counterparty credit limits and an “early remediation” framework to address financial distress or material management weaknesses. Risk reporting.  In January 2013, the Basel Committee issued new regulations relating to risk aggregation and reporting. Under these regulations, the banking institution’s risk governance framework must encompass risk-data aggregation and reporting, and data aggregation must be highly automated and allow for minimal manual intervention. The regulations also impose higher standards for the accuracy, comprehensiveness, granularity and timely distribution of data reporting, and call for regular supervisory review of the banking institution’s risk aggregation and reporting. These new standards became effective for GSIBs, including the Firm, on January 1, 2016. Orderly liquidation authority and resolution and recovery.  As a BHC with assets of $50 billion or more, the Firm is required to submit annually to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a plan for resolution under the Bankruptcy Code in the event of material distress or failure (a “resolution plan”). The FDIC also requires each insured depositary institution with $50 billion or more in assets, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., to provide a resolution plan. For more information about the Firm’s resolution plan, see Risk Factors on  pages 8–18 . In addition, certain financial companies, including JPMorgan Chase and certain of its subsidiaries, can be subjected to resolution under an “orderly liquidation authority.” The U.S. Treasury Secretary, in consultation with the President of the United States, must first make certain extraordinary financial distress and systemic risk determinations, and action must be recommended by the FDIC and the Federal Reserve. Absent such actions, the Firm, as a BHC, would remain subject to resolution under the Bankruptcy Code. In December 2013, the FDIC issued a draft policy statement describing its “single point of entry” strategy for resolution of systemically important financial institutions under the orderly liquidation authority. This strategy seeks to keep operating subsidiaries of the BHC open and impose losses on shareholders and creditors of the holding company in receivership according to their statutory order of priority.  The Firm has a comprehensive recovery plan detailing the actions it would take to avoid failure by remaining well-capitalized and well-funded in the case of an adverse event. JPMorgan Chase has provided the Federal Reserve with comprehensive confidential supervisory information and analyses about the Firm’s businesses, legal entities and corporate governance and about its crisis management governance, capabilities and available alternatives to raise liquidity and capital in severe market circumstances. The      3 Part I OCC has published for comment proposed guidelines establishing standards for recovery planning by insured national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. Regulators in the U.S. and abroad continue to be focused on developing measures designed to address the possibility or perception that large financial institutions, including the Firm, may be “too big to fail,” and to provide safeguards so that, if a large financial institution does fail, it can be resolved without the use of public funds. Higher capital surcharges on GSIBs, requirements for certain large bank holding companies to maintain a minimum amount of long-term debt to facilitate orderly resolution of those firms, and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) protocol relating to the “close-out” of derivatives transactions during the resolution of a large cross-border financial institution, are examples of initiatives to address “too big to fail.” For further information on the potential impact of the GSIB framework and Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”), see Capital Management on  pages 149–158  and Risk Factors on  pages 8–18 , and on the ISDA close-out protocol, see Derivatives regulation below. Holding company as source of strength for bank subsidiaries . JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries. This support may be required by the Federal Reserve at times when the Firm might otherwise determine not to provide it. Regulation of acquisitions.  Acquisitions by bank holding companies and their banks are subject to multiple requirements by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. For example, financial holding companies and bank holding companies are required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they may acquire more than 5% of the voting shares of an unaffiliated bank. In addition, acquisitions by financial companies are prohibited if, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial company would exceed 10% of the total liabilities of all financial companies. In contrast, because the liabilities of non-U.S. financial companies are calculated differently under this rule, a non-U.S. financial company could hold significantly more than 10% of the U.S. market without exceeding the concentration limit. In addition, for certain acquisitions, the Firm must provide written notice to the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any company with over $10 billion in assets that is engaged in activities that are “financial in nature”. JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiary banks: The Firm’s two primary subsidiary banks,  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A., are FDIC-insured national banks  regulated by the OCC.  As national banks , the activities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A.  are limited to those specifically authorized under the National Bank Act and related interpretations by the OCC.     FDIC deposit insurance.  The FDIC deposit insurance fund provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, which is funded through assessments on banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A.  Changes in the methodology used to calculate such assessments, resulting from the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, significantly increased the assessments  that the Firm’s  bank subsidiaries pay annually to the FDIC. In October 2015, the FDIC proposed a new assessment surcharge on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets greater than $10 billion in order to raise the reserve ratio for the FDIC deposit insurance fund. Future FDIC rule-making could further increase such assessments.   FDIC powers upon a bank insolvency.  Upon the insolvency of an insured depository institution, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the FDIC may be appointed as the conservator or receiver under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (“FDIA”).   In addition,   where a systemically important financial institution, such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., is “in default” or “in danger of default”, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver in order to conduct an orderly liquidation. In both cases, the FDIC has broad powers to transfer any assets and liabilities without the approval of the institution’s creditors.   Cross-guarantee.  An FDIC-insured depository institution can be held liable for any loss incurred or expected to be incurred by the FDIC if another FDIC-insured institution that is under common control with such institution is in default or is deemed to be “in danger of default” (commonly referred to as “cross-guarantee” liability). An FDIC cross-guarantee claim against a depository institution is generally superior in right of payment to claims of the holding company and its affiliates against such depository institution.   Prompt corrective action and early remediation.  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. While these regulations apply only to banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A. , the Federal Reserve is authorized to take appropriate action against the parent  BHC,  such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., based on the undercapitalized status of any bank subsidiary. In certain instances, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the capital restoration plan for its undercapitalized subsidiary.   OCC Heightened Standards.  The OCC has issued final regulations and guidelines establishing heightened standards for large banks. The guidelines establish minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. While  the bank  may use certain components of  the parent company’s  risk governance framework, the framework must ensure that  the bank’s  risk profile is easily distinguished and separate from  the parent  for risk management purposes.  The bank’s  board or risk committee is responsible for approving  the  4     bank’s  risk governance framework, providing active oversight of  the bank’s  risk-taking activities and holding management accountable for adhering to the risk governance framework.   Restrictions on transactions with affiliates.   The bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase (including subsidiaries of those banks) are  subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, investments in stock or securities of, and derivatives, securities lending and certain other transactions with, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain other affiliates. These restrictions prevent JPMorgan Chase & Co. and other affiliates from borrowing from  such subsidiaries  unless the loans are secured in specified amounts and comply with certain other requirements. For more information, see Note  27.  In addition, the Volcker Rule imposes a prohibition on such transactions between any JPMorgan Chase entity and covered funds for which a JPMorgan Chase entity serves as the investment manager, investment advisor, commodity trading advisor or sponsor, as well as, subject to a limited exception, any covered fund controlled by such funds.   Dividend restrictions.  Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A.  See Note  27  for the amount of dividends that  the Firm’s  principal bank subsidiaries could pay, at January 1, 2016, to their respective bank holding companies without the approval of their banking regulators.   In addition to the dividend restrictions described above, the OCC and the Federal Reserve have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends of the bank subsidiaries they supervise, if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the bank.   Depositor preference.  Under federal law, the claims of a receiver of an insured depository institution for administrative expense and the claims of holders of U.S. deposit liabilities (including the FDIC) have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including public noteholders and depositors in non-U.S. offices. As a result, such persons could receive substantially less than the depositors in U.S. offices of the depository institution. The U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”), a subsidiary of the Bank of England which has responsibility for prudential regulation of banks and other systemically important institutions, has issued a proposal that may require  the Firm  to either obtain equal treatment for U.K. depositors or “subsidiarize” in the U.K. In September 2013, the FDIC issued a final rule which clarifies that foreign deposits are considered deposits under the FDIA if they are payable in the U.S.  as well as in the foreign branch. CFPB regulation and supervision, and other consumer regulations.  JPMorgan Chase and its national bank subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A. , are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer    protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. These laws include the Truth-in-Lending, Equal Credit Opportunity (“ECOA”), Fair Credit Reporting, Fair Debt Collection Practice, Electronic Funds Transfer, Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure (“CARD”) and Home Mortgage Disclosure Acts. The CFPB also has authority to impose new disclosure requirements for any consumer financial product or service. The CFPB has issued informal guidance on a variety of topics (such as the collection of consumer debts and credit card marketing practices) and has taken enforcement actions against certain financial institutions. Much of the CFPB’s initial rule-making efforts have addressed mortgage related topics, including ability to repay and qualified mortgage standards, mortgage servicing standards, loan originator compensation standards, high-cost mortgage requirements, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements, appraisal and escrow standards and requirements for higher-priced mortgages. Other areas of recent focus include pre-authorized electronic funds transfers, “add-on” products, matters involving consumer populations considered vulnerable by the CFPB (such as students), credit reporting, and the furnishing of credit scores to individuals. The CFPB has been focused on automobile dealer discretionary interest rate markups, and on holding  the Firm  and other purchasers of such contracts (“indirect lenders”) responsible under the ECOA for statistical disparities in markups charged by the dealers to borrowers of different races or ethnicities .  For information regarding a current investigation relating to indirect lending to automobile dealers, see Note 31. Securities and broker-dealer regulation: The Firm conducts securities underwriting, dealing and brokerage activities in the U.S. through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and other broker-dealer subsidiaries, all of which are subject to regulations of the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the New York Stock Exchange, among others. The Firm conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S. subject to local regulatory requirements. In the U.K., those activities are conducted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which is regulated by the PRA and by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), which regulates prudential matters for firms that are not so regulated by the PRA and conduct matters for all market participants. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of customer’s funds, the financing of clients’ purchases, capital structure, record-keeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers and employees. For information on the net capital of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp., and the applicable requirements relating to risk-based capital for J.P. Morgan Securities plc, see Broker-dealer regulatory capital on  page 158 . Future rule-making under      5 Part I the Dodd-Frank Act and rules proposed by the Department of Labor may impose (among other things) a new standard of care applicable to broker-dealers when dealing with customers. Investment management regulation: The Firm’s investment management business is subject to significant regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding of client assets, offerings of funds, marketing activities, transactions among affiliates and management of client funds. Certain of the Firm’s subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers. As such, the Firm’s registered investment advisers are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as various state securities laws. For information regarding investigations and litigation in connection with disclosures to clients related to proprietary products, see Note 31. The Firm’s asset management business continues to be affected by ongoing rule-making. In July 2013, the SEC adopted amendments to rules that govern money-market funds, requiring a floating net asset value for institutional prime money-market funds, effective October 14, 2016. As noted above, the Department of Labor has also proposed a rule that would significantly expand the universe of persons viewed as investment fiduciaries to retirement plans and IRAs. In addition, the SEC has issued proposed rules regarding enhanced liquidity risk management for open-end mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”); restrictions on the use of derivatives by mutual funds, ETFs and closed-end funds; and enhanced reporting for funds and advisors.  Derivatives regulation:   The Firm  is subject to comprehensive regulation of its derivatives businesses. The regulations impose capital and margin requirements, require central clearing of standardized over-the-counter derivatives, require that certain standardized over-the-counter swaps be traded on regulated trading venues, and provide for reporting of certain mandated information. In addition, the  Dodd-Frank Act  requires the registration of “swap dealers” and “major swap participants” with the  CFTC  and of “security-based swap dealers” and “major security-based swap participants” with the  SEC.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan Ventures Energy Corporation  have registered with the CFTC as swap dealers, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc will likely be required to  register with the SEC as security-based swap dealers. As a result of their registration as swap dealers or security-based swap dealers, these entities will be subject to a new, comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to their swap or security-based swap activities, which includes capital requirements, rules regulating their swap activities, rules requiring the collateralization of uncleared swaps, rules regarding segregation of    counterparty collateral, business conduct and documentation standards, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and anti-fraud and anti-manipulation requirements. Further, some of the rules for derivatives apply extraterritorially to U.S. firms doing business with clients outside of the U.S., as well as to the overseas activities of non-U.S. subsidiaries of the Firm that either deal with U.S. persons or that are guaranteed by U.S. subsidiaries of the Firm; however, the full scope of the extra-territorial impact of the U.S. swaps regulation has not been finalized and therefore remains unclear.  The effect of these rules may require banking entities, such as the Firm, to modify the structure of their derivatives businesses and face increased operational and regulatory costs. In the European Union (the “EU”), the implementation of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) and the revision of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”) will result in comparable, but not identical, changes to the European regulatory regime for derivatives. The combined effect of the U.S. and EU requirements, and the potential conflicts and inconsistencies between them, present challenges and risks to the structure and operating model of the Firm’s derivatives businesses. In November 2015, the Firm and other financial institutions agreed to adhere to an updated Resolution Stay Protocol developed by ISDA in response to regulator concerns that the close-out of derivatives transactions during the resolution of a large cross-border financial institution could impede resolution efforts and potentially destabilize markets. The Resolution Stay Protocol provides for the contractual recognition of cross-border stays under various statutory resolution regimes and a contractual stay on certain cross-default rights. In the U.S., two subsidiaries of the Firm are registered as futures commission merchants, and other subsidiaries are either registered with the CFTC as commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors or exempt from such registration. These CFTC-registered subsidiaries are also members of the National Futures Association.  Data regulation: The Firm and its subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and international laws and regulations concerning the use and protection of certain customer, employee and other personal and confidential information, including those imposed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as well as the EU Data Protection Directive.  In addition, there are numerous proposals pending before U.S. and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory bodies regarding privacy and data protection. For example, the European Parliament and the European Council have reached agreement on certain data protection reforms proposed by the European Commission which includes numerous operational requirements, adds a requirement to notify individuals of data breaches and establishes enhanced sanctions for non-compliance, including increased fines.  6     The Bank Secrecy Act and Economic Sanctions: The Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to, among other things, establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of record-keeping and reporting requirements (such as cash transaction and suspicious activity reporting), as well as due diligence/know your customer documentation requirements. In January 2013, the Firm entered into Consent Orders with its banking regulators relating to the Firm’s Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering policies, procedures and controls; the Firm has taken significant steps to modify and enhance its processes and controls with respect to its Anti-Money Laundering procedures and to remediate the issues identified in the Consent Order. The Firm is also subject to the regulations and economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). Anti-Corruption: The Firm is subject to laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. For more information on a current investigation relating to, among other things, the Firm’s hiring of persons referred by government officials and clients, see Note 31. Compensation practices: The Firm’s compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve, as well as other agencies. The Federal Reserve has issued guidance jointly with the FDIC and the OCC that is designed to ensure that incentive compensation paid by banking organizations does not encourage imprudent risk-taking that threatens the organizations’ safety and soundness. In addition, under the Dodd-Frank Act, federal regulators, including the Federal Reserve, must issue regulations or guidelines requiring covered financial institutions, including the Firm, to report the structure of all of their incentive-based compensation arrangements and prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing compensation that is excessive or that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The Federal Reserve has conducted a review of the incentive compensation policies and practices of a number of large banking institutions, including the Firm. In addition to the Federal Reserve, the Financial Stability Board has established standards covering compensation principles for banks. In Europe, the Fourth Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) includes compensation provisions. In the U.K., compensation standards are governed by the Remuneration Code of the PRA and the FCA. The implementation of the Federal Reserve’s and other banking regulators’ guidelines regarding compensation are expected to evolve over the next several years, and may affect the manner in which the Firm structures its compensation programs and practices.   Significant international regulatory initiatives: The EU operates a European Systemic Risk Board which monitors financial stability, together with European Supervisory Agencies which set detailed regulatory rules and encourage supervisory convergence across the 28 Member States. The EU has also created a Single Supervisory Mechanism for the euro-zone, under which the regulation of all banks in that zone will be under the auspices of the European Central Bank, together with a Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Board, having jurisdiction over bank resolution in the zone. At both global and EU levels, various proposals are under consideration to address risks associated with global financial institutions. Some of the initiatives adopted include increased capital requirements for certain trading instruments or exposures and compensation limits on certain employees located in affected countries. In the EU, there is an extensive and complex program of final and proposed regulatory enhancement which reflects, in part, the EU’s commitments to policies of the Group of Twenty Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors (“G-20”) together with other plans specific to the EU. This program includes EMIR, which requires, among other things, the central clearing of standardized derivatives; and MiFID II, which gives effect to the G-20 commitment to trading of derivatives through central clearing houses and exchanges and also includes significantly enhanced requirements for pre- and post-trade transparency and a significant reconfiguration of the regulatory supervision of execution venues. The EU is also currently considering or implementing significant revisions to laws covering: depositary activities; credit rating activities; resolution of banks, investment firms and market infrastructures; anti-money-laundering controls; data security and privacy; corporate governance in financial firms; and implementation in the EU of the Basel III capital and liquidity standards. Following the issuance of the Report of the High Level Expert Group on Reforming the Structure of the EU Banking Sector (the “Liikanen Group”), the EU has proposed legislation providing for a proprietary trading ban and mandatory separation of other trading activities within certain banks, while various EU Member States have separately enacted similar measures. In the U.K., legislation was adopted that mandates the separation (or “ring-fencing”) of deposit-taking activities from securities trading and other analogous activities within banks, subject to certain exemptions. The legislation includes the supplemental recommendation of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards (the “Tyrie Commission”) that such ring-fences should be “electrified” by the imposition of mandatory forced separation on banking institutions that are deemed to test the limits of the safeguards. Parallel but distinct provisions have been enacted by the French, Belgian and German governments. These measures may separately or taken together have significant implications for the Firm’s organizational      7 Part I structure in Europe, as well as its permitted activities and capital deployment in the EU. U.K. regulators are introducing a range of policy measures that make significant changes to the regulatory environment in the U.K. Alongside broader recommendations made by the Fair and Effective Markets Review which focused on fixed income currencies and commodities markets, there is a focus by U.K. regulators on raising standards and accountability of individuals, and promoting forward-looking conduct risk identification and mitigation, including by introducing the new Senior Managers and Certification Regimes.  Item 1A: RISK FACTORS The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect  JPMorgan Chase ’s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of such factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Regulatory Risk JPMorgan Chase operates within a highly regulated industry, and the Firm’s businesses and results are significantly affected by the laws and regulations to which the Firm is subject. As a global financial services firm, JPMorgan Chase is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under federal and state laws in the U.S. and the laws of the various jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Firm does business. The financial services industry has experienced and continues to experience an unprecedented increase in regulations and supervision, both in the U.S. and globally, and the cumulative effect of all of the new and proposed legislation and regulations on the Firm’s business, operations and profitability remains uncertain. The recent legislative and regulatory developments, as well as future legislative or regulatory actions in the U.S. and in the other countries in which the Firm operates, and any required changes to the Firm’s business or operations resulting from such developments and actions, could result in a significant loss of revenue for the Firm, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Firm or otherwise reduce the Firm’s profitability, limit the products and services that the Firm offers or its ability to pursue business opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging, require the Firm to dispose of or curtail certain businesses, affect the value of assets that the Firm holds, require the Firm to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, or otherwise adversely affect the Firm’s businesses. In addition, to the extent that legislative or regulatory initiatives are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (based on size, activities, geography or other criteria), the requirements to which the Firm may be subject under such laws and regulations could require the Firm to restructure its businesses, or re-price or curtail the products or services that it offers to customers, which could result in the Firm not being able to compete effectively with other institutions that are not impacted in the same way.   In addition, there can be significant differences in the ways that similar regulatory initiatives affecting the financial services industry are implemented in the U.S. and in different countries and regions in which JPMorgan Chase does business. For example, recent legislative and regulatory initiatives within the EU, including those relating to the resolution of financial institutions, the separation of trading activities from core banking services, mandatory on-exchange trading, position limits and reporting rules for derivatives, conduct of business requirements, restrictions on compensation and governance and accountability regimes, could require the Firm to make significant modifications to its non-U.S. business, operations and legal entity structure in order to comply with these requirements. These differences in implemented or proposed non-U.S. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or may conflict with current or proposed regulations in the U.S., which could subject the Firm to increased compliance and legal costs, as well as higher operational, capital and liquidity costs, all of which could have an adverse effect on the Firm’s business, results of operations and profitability. Expanded regulatory and governmental oversight of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses may continue to increase the Firm’s costs and risks. The Firm’s businesses and operations are increasingly subject to heightened governmental and regulatory oversight and scrutiny. The Firm has paid significant fines (or has provided significant monetary and other relief) to resolve a number of investigations or enforcement actions by governmental agencies. The Firm continues to devote substantial resources to satisfying the requirements of regulatory consent orders and other settlements to which it is subject, which increases the Firm’s operational and compliance costs. Certain regulators have taken measures in connection with specific enforcement actions against financial institutions (including the Firm) that require admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection with settling such matters. Such admissions and conditions can lead to, among other things, greater exposure in civil litigation, harm to reputation, disqualification from providing business to certain clients and in certain jurisdictions, and other direct and indirect adverse effects. In addition, U.S. government officials have indicated and demonstrated a willingness to bring criminal actions against financial institutions, including the Firm, and have increasingly sought, and obtained, resolutions that include criminal pleas from those institutions, such as the Firm’s agreement in May 2015 to plead guilty to a single violation of federal antitrust law in connection with its settlements with certain government authorities relating to its foreign exchange sales and trading activities and controls related to those activities. Such resolutions, whether with U.S. or non-U.S. authorities, could have significant collateral consequences for a subject financial institution, including loss of customers and business, or the inability to offer certain products or services, or losing permission to operate certain businesses, for a period of time (absent the  8     forbearance of, or the granting of waivers by, applicable regulators).  The Firm expects that it and the financial services industry as a whole will continue to be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and governmental investigations and enforcement actions and that violations of law will more frequently be met with formal and punitive enforcement action, including the imposition of significant monetary and other sanctions, rather than with informal supervisory action. In addition, if the Firm fails to meet the requirements of the various governmental settlements to which it is subject, or more generally, to maintain risk and control procedures and processes that meet the heightened standards established by its regulators and other government agencies, it could be required to enter into further orders and settlements, pay additional fines, penalties or judgments, or accept material regulatory restrictions on its businesses. The extent of the Firm’s exposure to legal and regulatory matters may be unpredictable and could, in some cases, substantially exceed the amount of reserves that the Firm has established for such matters. Requirements for the orderly resolution of the Firm could require JPMorgan Chase to restructure or reorganize its businesses, and holders of JPMorgan Chase’s debt and equity securities would be at risk of absorbing losses if the Firm were to enter into a resolution. Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title I”) and Federal Reserve and FDIC rules, the Firm is required to prepare and submit periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a detailed plan for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain of its subsidiaries under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and other applicable insolvency laws in the event of future material financial distress or failure. In August 2014, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC announced the completion of their reviews of the second round of Title I resolution plans submitted by eleven large, complex banking organizations in 2013, including the Firm. The agencies jointly identified specific shortcomings with the 2013 resolution plans, including the Firm’s 2013 plan. The FDIC’s board of directors determined under Title I that the 2013 resolution plans, including the Firm’s 2013 plan, were not credible and did not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Federal Reserve Board determined that the eleven banking organizations must take immediate actions to improve their resolvability and reflect those improvements in their 2015 plans. The Firm has devoted significant resources to its resolution planning efforts, and believes that in its most recent Title I resolution plan submitted to the Federal Reserve and FDIC in July 2015, it has addressed, or has made substantial progress in addressing, each of the shortcomings previously identified by the agencies. However, if the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were to jointly determine that the Firm’s 2015 plan, or any future update of that plan, is not credible, and the Firm is unable to remedy the identified deficiencies in a timely manner, the regulators may jointly impose more stringent capital,    leverage or liquidity requirements on the Firm or restrictions on growth, activities or operations of the Firm, and could, if such deficiencies are not remedied within two years after such a determination, require the Firm to restructure, reorganize or divest businesses, legal entities, operational systems and/or intercompany transactions in ways that could materially and adversely affect the Firm’s operations and strategy. In addition, in order to develop a Title I resolution plan that the Federal Reserve and FDIC determine is credible, the Firm may need to make certain changes to its legal entity structure and to certain intercompany and external activities, which could result in increased funding or operational costs. In addition to the Firm’s plan for orderly resolution, the Firm’s resolution plan also recommends to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC its proposed optimal strategy to resolve the Firm under the special resolution procedure provided in Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). The Firm’s recommendation involves a “single point of entry” recapitalization model in which the FDIC would use its power to create a “bridge entity” for JPMorgan Chase; transfer the systemically important and viable parts of the Firm’s business, principally the stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; recapitalize those subsidiaries by, among other things, converting some or all of such intercompany claims to capital; and exchange external debt claims against JPMorgan Chase & Co. for equity in the bridge entity. As discussed below, the Federal Reserve has also proposed rules regarding the minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity that bank holding companies would be required to have issued and outstanding, as well as guidelines defining the terms of qualifying debt instruments, to ensure that adequate levels of debt are maintained at the holding company level for purposes of recapitalization of the bridge entity and operating subsidiaries (“eligible LTD”). If JPMorgan Chase & Co. were to enter into a resolution, either in a proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act, holders of eligible LTD and other debt and equity securities of the Firm would be at risk of absorbing the losses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates. If JPMorgan Chase & Co. commenced proceedings under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, creditors and shareholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co. would realize value only to the extent available to JPMorgan Chase & Co. as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, after the payment to the creditors of such subsidiaries. In addition, even under the Firm’s preferred resolution strategy under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of the Firm’s eligible LTD and other debt securities may not be sufficient to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on such debt. It is also possible that the application of the Firm’s recommended Title II strategy could result in greater losses to security holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co. than the losses that would result from a different resolution strategy for the Firm.     9 Part I Market Risk JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by U.S. and global financial market and economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are materially affected by economic and market conditions, including the liquidity of the global financial markets; the level and volatility of debt and equity prices, interest rates, currency and commodities prices (including oil prices) and other market indices; investor, consumer and business sentiment; events that reduce confidence in the financial markets; inflation and unemployment; the availability and cost of capital and credit; the economic effects of natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, severe weather conditions, outbreaks of hostilities, terrorism or other geopolitical instabilities; monetary policies and actions taken by the Federal Reserve and other central banks; and the health of the U.S. and global economies. These conditions can affect the Firm’s businesses both directly and through their impact on the businesses and activities of the Firm’s clients and customers. In the Firm’s underwriting and advisory businesses, the above-mentioned factors can affect the volume of transactions that the Firm executes for its clients and customers and, therefore, the revenue that the Firm receives, as well as the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in loan syndications or underwritings managed by the Firm. The Firm generally maintains market-making positions in the fixed income, currency, commodities, credit and equity markets to facilitate client demand and provide liquidity to clients. The revenue derived from these positions is affected by many factors, including the Firm’s success in effectively hedging its market and other risks; volatility in interest rates and equity, debt and commodities markets; interest rate and credit spreads; and the availability of liquidity in the capital markets, all of which are affected by global economic and market conditions. Certain of the Firm’s market-making positions could be adversely affected by the lack of liquidity, which will be influenced by many of these factors, and which could affect the Firm’s ability to realize returns from such activities and adversely affect the Firm’s earnings. The Firm may be adversely affected by declining asset values. This is particularly true for businesses that earn fees for managing third-party assets or receive or post collateral. For example, a higher level of U.S. or non-U.S. interest rates or a downturn in financial markets could affect the valuations of the client assets that the Firm manages or holds in custody, which, in turn, could affect the Firm’s revenue. Macroeconomic or market concerns may also prompt outflows from the Firm’s funds or accounts or cause clients to invest funds in products that generate lower revenue. Changes in interest rates will affect the level of assets and liabilities held on the Firm’s balance sheet and the revenue that the Firm earns from net interest income. A low interest rate environment may compress net interest margins,    reducing the amounts that the Firm earns on its investment securities portfolio, or reducing the value of its mortgage servicing rights (“MSR”) asset, thereby reducing the Firm’s net interest income and other revenues. Conversely, increasing or high interest rates may result in increased funding costs, lower levels of commercial and residential loan originations and diminished returns on the investment securities portfolio (to the extent that the Firm is unable to reinvest contemporaneously in higher-yielding assets), thereby adversely affecting the Firm’s revenues and capital levels. The Firm’s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. domestic economic conditions, including U.S. interest rates, the rate of unemployment, housing prices, the level of consumer confidence, changes in consumer spending and the number of personal bankruptcies. If the recent positive trends in the U.S. economy are not sustained, this could diminish demand for the products and services of the Firm’s consumer businesses, or increase the cost to provide such products and services. In addition, adverse economic conditions, such as declines in home prices or persistent high levels of unemployment due to economic dislocations in certain geographies or industries caused by falling oil and gas prices or other market or economic factors, could lead to an increase in mortgage, credit card, auto, student and other loan delinquencies and higher net charge-offs, which can reduce the Firm’s earnings. Widening of credit spreads makes it more expensive for the Firm to borrow on both a secured and unsecured basis, and may adversely affect the credit markets and the Firm’s businesses. Credit spreads widen or narrow not only in response to Firm-specific events and circumstances, but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in the Firm’s credit spreads will impact, positively or negatively, the Firm’s earnings on certain liabilities that are recorded at fair value.  Sudden and significant volatility in the prices of securities and other assets (including loans and derivatives) may curtail the trading markets for such securities and assets, make it difficult to sell or hedge such securities and assets, adversely affect the Firm’s profitability, capital or liquidity, or increase the Firm’s funding costs. Sustained volatility in the financial markets may also negatively affect consumer or investor confidence, which could lead to lower client activity and decreased revenue for the Firm. Credit Risk The financial condition of JPMorgan Chase’s customers, clients and counterparties, particularly other financial institutions, could adversely affect the Firm. The Firm routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, investment managers and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose the Firm to credit risk and, in some cases, disputes and litigation in the event of a default by the counterparty or client. The failure of a significant market participant, or concerns about a default by such an institution, could also  10     lead to significant liquidity problems for, or losses or defaults by, other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect the Firm. In addition, in recent years the perceived interrelationship among financial institutions has also led to claims by other market participants and regulators that the Firm and other financial institutions have allegedly violated anti-trust or anti-competition laws by colluding to manipulate markets, prices or indices, and there is no assurance that such allegations will not arise in the same or similar contexts in the future. As part of providing clearing services, the Firm is a member of a number of central counterparties (“CCPs”), and may be required to pay a portion of the losses incurred by such organizations as a result of the default of other members. As a clearing member, the Firm is also exposed to the risk of non-performance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate through the maintenance of adequate collateral. In addition, the Firm can be exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients in connection with providing cash management, clearing, custodial and other transaction services to such clients. If a client for which the Firm provides such services becomes bankrupt or insolvent, the Firm may suffer losses, become involved in disputes and litigation with various parties, including one or more CCPs, or the client’s bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or involved in regulatory investigations. All of such events can increase the Firm’s operational and litigation costs and may result in losses if any collateral received by the Firm is insufficient to cover such losses. During periods of market stress or illiquidity, the Firm’s credit risk also may be further increased when the Firm cannot realize the fair value of the collateral held by it or when collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other exposure due to the Firm. Further, disputes with obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and the Firm could suffer losses during such periods if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral. Concentration of credit and market risk could increase the potential for significant losses. JPMorgan Chase has exposure to increased levels of risk when customers or counterparties are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. For example, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of the Firm’s borrowers or counterparties could lead to concerns about the credit quality of other borrowers or counterparties in similar, related or dependent industries and thereby could exacerbate the Firm’s credit risk exposure and potentially increase its losses, including mark-to-market losses in its trading businesses. Similarly, challenging economic conditions affecting a particular industry or geographic area could lead to concerns about the credit quality of the Firm’s borrowers or counterparties, not only in that particular industry or geography but in    related or dependent industries, wherever located, or about the ability of customers of the Firm’s consumer businesses living in such areas or working in such affected industries or related or dependent industries to meet their obligations to the Firm. As a result, the Firm regularly monitors various segments of its exposures to assess potential concentration or contagion risks. The Firm’s efforts to diversify or hedge its exposures against concentration risks may not be successful. In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in the Firm’s inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of its positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce the Firm’s positions may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but may also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on the Firm’s balance sheet, thereby increasing its capital requirements and funding costs, all of which could adversely affect the operations and profitability of the Firm’s businesses. Liquidity Risk If JPMorgan Chase does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer. JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity is critical to its ability to operate its businesses. Some potential conditions that could impair the Firm’s liquidity include markets that become illiquid or are otherwise experiencing disruption, unforeseen cash or capital requirements (including, among others, commitments that may be triggered to special purpose entities (“SPEs”) or other entities), difficulty in selling or inability to sell assets, default by a CCP or other counterparty, unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, and lack of market or customer confidence in the Firm or financial markets in general. These conditions may be caused by events over which the Firm has little or no control. The widespread crisis in investor confidence and resulting liquidity crisis experienced in 2008 and into early 2009 increased the Firm’s cost of funding and limited its access to some of its traditional sources of liquidity (such as securitized debt offerings backed by mortgages, credit card receivables and other assets) during that time, and there is no assurance that these severe conditions could not occur in the future. If the Firm’s access to stable and low cost sources of funding, such as bank deposits, is reduced, the Firm may need to raise alternative funding which may be more expensive or of limited availability. In addition, the Firm’s cost of funding could be affected by actions that the Firm may take in order to satisfy applicable liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements, to lower its GSIB systemic risk score or to satisfy the amount of eligible LTD that the Firm must have outstanding under the final TLAC rules. As a holding company, JPMorgan Chase & Co. relies on the earnings of its subsidiaries for its cash flow and, consequently, its ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations. These payments by subsidiaries may take the form of dividends, loans or other payments. Several of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s principal subsidiaries are      11 Part I subject to dividend distribution, capital adequacy or liquidity coverage requirements or other regulatory restrictions on their ability to provide such payments. Limitations in the payments that JPMorgan Chase & Co. receives from its subsidiaries could reduce its ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations. Proposed banking regulations relating to liquidity, including U.S. rules relating to total loss-absorbing capacity, could require JPMorgan Chase to issue a substantial amount of new debt, and thereby significantly increase its funding costs. On October 30, 2015, the Federal Reserve issued proposed rules (the “proposed TLAC rules”) that would require the top-tier holding companies of eight U.S. global systemically important bank holding companies (“U.S. GSIB BHCs”), including JPMorgan Chase & Co., among other things, to maintain minimum amounts of eligible LTD, commencing January 1, 2019. The proposed TLAC rules would disqualify from eligible LTD, among other instruments, senior debt securities that permit acceleration for reasons other than insolvency or payment default, as well as debt securities that are not governed by U.S. law and structured notes. The currently outstanding senior long-term debt of U.S. GSIB BHCs, including JPMorgan Chase & Co., includes structured notes as well as other debt that typically permits acceleration for reasons other than insolvency or payment default and, as a result, none of such outstanding senior long-term debt or any subsequently issued senior long-term debt with similar terms would qualify as eligible LTD under the proposed TLAC rules. The Federal Reserve has requested comment on whether certain currently outstanding instruments should be allowed to count as eligible LTD “despite containing features that would be prohibited under the proposal.” The steps that the U.S. GSIB BHCs, including JPMorgan Chase & Co., may need to take to   come into compliance with the final TLAC rules, including the amount and form of long-term debt that must be refinanced or issued, will depend in substantial part on the ultimate eligibility requirements for senior long-term debt and any grandfathering provisions. To the extent that outstanding senior long-term debt of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not classified as eligible LTD under the TLAC rule as finally adopted by the Federal Reserve, the Firm could be required to issue a substantial amount of new senior long-term debt which could significantly increase the Firm’s funding costs. Authorities in some non-U.S. jurisdictions in which the Firm has operations have enacted legislation or regulations requiring that certain subsidiaries of the Firm operating in those countries maintain independent capital and liquidity. In addition, some non-U.S. regulators have proposed that large banks which conduct certain businesses in their jurisdictions operate through separate subsidiaries located in those countries. These requirements, and any future laws or regulations that seek to increase capital or liquidity requirements that would be applicable to non-U.S. subsidiaries of the Firm, could hinder the Firm’s ability to efficiently manage its funding and liquidity in a centralized manner.   Reductions in JPMorgan Chase’s credit ratings may adversely affect its liquidity and cost of funding, as well as the value of debt obligations issued by the Firm. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are currently rated by credit rating agencies. Rating agencies evaluate both general and firm- and industry-specific factors when determining their credit ratings for a particular financial institution, including economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, legal expenses, assumptions surrounding government support, and ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank and non-bank subsidiaries. Although the Firm closely monitors and manages, to the extent it is able, factors that could influence its credit ratings, there is no assurance that the Firm’s credit ratings will not be lowered in the future, or that any such downgrade would not occur at times of broader market instability when the Firm’s options for responding to events may be more limited and general investor confidence is low. Furthermore, a reduction in the Firm’s credit ratings could reduce the Firm’s access to capital markets, materially increase the cost of issuing securities, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or permitted, contractually or otherwise, to do business with or lend to the Firm, thereby curtailing the Firm’s business operations and reducing its profitability. In addition, any such reduction in credit ratings may increase the credit spreads charged by the market for taking credit risk on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and, as a result, could adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations that JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries have issued or may issue in the future. Legal Risk JPMorgan Chase faces significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against the Firm. JPMorgan Chase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in various legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties. Actions currently pending against the Firm may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to the Firm, which could materially and adversely affect the Firm’s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious harm to the Firm’s reputation. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that the Firm will continue to experience a high level of litigation related to its businesses and operations. In addition, and as noted above, the Firm’s businesses and operations are also subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. Regulators and other government agencies examine the operations of the Firm and its subsidiaries on both a routine- and targeted-exam basis, and there is no assurance that they will not pursue additional regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the Firm in the future.  12     A single event may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the U.S. or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in non-U.S. jurisdictions. These and other initiatives from U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities and officials may subject the Firm to further judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause the Firm to be required to restructure its operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services, all of which could harm the Firm’s reputation or lead to higher operational costs, thereby reducing the Firm’s profitability, or result in collateral consequences as discussed above. Other Business Risks JPMorgan Chase’s operations are subject to risk of loss from unfavorable economic, monetary and political developments in the U.S. and around the world. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies that are adopted by various U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory authorities and agencies. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. and its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing in the U.S. and the return earned on those loans and investments. Changes in Federal Reserve policies (as well as the fiscal and monetary policies of non-U.S. central banks or regulatory authorities and agencies, such as “pegging” the exchange rate of their currency to the currencies of others) are beyond the Firm’s control and may be difficult to predict, and consequently, unanticipated changes in these policies could have a negative impact on the Firm’s activities and results of operations. The Firm’s businesses and revenue are also subject to risks inherent in investing and market-making in securities, loans and other obligations of companies worldwide. These risks include, among others, negative effects from slowing growth rates or recessionary economic conditions, or the risk of loss from unfavorable political, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, in the countries or regions in which such companies operate, as well as the other risks and considerations as described further below. Several of the Firm’s businesses engage in transactions with, or trade in obligations of, U.S. and non-U.S. governmental entities, including national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities. These activities can expose the Firm to enhanced sovereign, credit-related, operational and reputation risks, including the risks that a governmental entity may default on or restructure its obligations or may claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials, which could adversely affect the Firm’s financial condition and results of operations. Further, various countries or regions in which the Firm operates or invests, or in which the Firm may do so in the future, have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions particular to those countries or regions. Low or volatile oil prices, coupled with the slowdown in the    macroeconomic prospects in China, and concerns about economic weaknesses in the Eurozone (including the permanent resolution of the Greek “bailout” program), could continue to undermine investor confidence and affect the operating environment in 2016. In some cases, concerns regarding the fiscal condition of one or more countries can cause a contraction of available credit and reduced activity among trading partners or create market volatility that could lead to “market contagion” affecting other countries in the same region or beyond the region. Accordingly, it is possible that economic disruptions in certain countries, even in countries in which the Firm does not conduct business or have operations or engages in only limited activities, may adversely affect the Firm. JPMorgan Chase’s operations in emerging markets may be hindered by local political, social and economic factors, and may be subject to additional compliance costs and risks. Some of the countries in which JPMorgan Chase conducts its businesses have economies or markets that are less developed and more volatile, and may have legal and regulatory regimes that are less established or predictable, than the U.S. and other developed markets in which the Firm currently operates. Some of these countries have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions, including extreme currency fluctuations, high inflation, low or negative growth, or defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt, among other negative conditions, or have imposed restrictive monetary policies such as currency exchange controls and other laws and restrictions that adversely affect the local and regional business environment. In addition, these countries, as well as certain more developed countries, have recently been more susceptible to unfavorable political, social or economic developments; these development have in the past resulted in, and may in the future lead to, social unrest, general strikes and demonstrations, crime and corruption, security and personal safety issues, outbreaks of hostilities, overthrow of incumbent governments, terrorist attacks or other forms of internal discord, all of which can adversely affect the Firm’s operations or investments in such countries. Political, social or economic disruption or dislocation in certain countries or regions in which the Firm conducts its businesses can hinder the growth and profitability of those operations. Less developed legal and regulatory systems in certain countries can also have adverse consequences on the Firm’s operations in those countries, including, among others, the absence of a statutory or regulatory basis or guidance for engaging in specific types of business or transactions; the promulgation of conflicting or ambiguous laws and regulations or the inconsistent application or interpretation of existing laws and regulations; uncertainty as to the enforceability of contractual obligations; difficulty in competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive; and the threat of arbitrary regulatory investigations, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions.     13 Part I Revenue from international operations and trading in non-U.S. securities and other obligations may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above considerations, as well as due to governmental actions including monetary policies, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, and changes in laws and regulations. The impact of these fluctuations could be accentuated as some trading markets are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than larger markets. Also, any of the above-mentioned events or circumstances in one country can affect, and in the past conditions of these types have affected, the Firm’s operations and investments in another country or countries, including the Firm’s operations in the U.S. As a result, any such unfavorable conditions or developments could have an adverse impact on the Firm’s business and results of operations. Conducting business in countries with less developed legal and regulatory regimes often requires the Firm to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and monitoring changes in, local laws and regulations, as well as structuring its operations to comply with local laws and regulations and implementing and administering related internal policies and procedures. There can be no assurance that the Firm will always be successful in its efforts to conduct its business in compliance with laws and regulations in countries with less predictable legal and regulatory systems or that the Firm will be able to develop effective working relationships with local regulators. In addition, the Firm can also incur higher costs, and face greater compliance risks, in structuring and operating its businesses outside the U.S. to comply with U.S. anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. JPMorgan Chase relies on the effectiveness and integrity of its processes, operating systems and employees, and those of third parties, and certain failures of such processes or systems or misconduct by such employees could materially and adversely affect the Firm’s operations. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are dependent on the Firm’s ability to process, record and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. The Firm’s front- and back-office trading systems similarly rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges and data processing and technology companies. If the Firm’s financial, accounting, trading or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the Firm’s businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Firm could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, as the speed, frequency, volume and complexity of transactions (and the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and financial intermediaries) increases, the risk of human and/or systems error in connection with such transactions increases, and it becomes    more challenging to maintain the Firm’s operational systems and infrastructure. The Firm is similarly dependent on its employees. The Firm could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of its employees causes a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates the Firm’s operations or systems. In addition, when the Firm changes processes or introduces new products and services or new connectivity solutions, the Firm may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. Any of these occurrences could diminish the Firm’s ability to operate one or more of its businesses, or result in potential liability to clients and customers, increased operating expenses, higher litigation costs (including fines and sanctions), damage to reputation, impairment of liquidity, regulatory intervention or weaker competitive standing, any of which could materially and adversely affect the Firm. Third parties with which the Firm does business, including retailers and other third parties with which the Firm’s customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to the Firm, particularly where activities of customers are beyond the Firm’s security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal smart phones and other mobile devices or services. As the Firm’s interconnectivity with these third parties increases, the Firm increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with respect to their systems. Security breaches affecting the Firm’s customers, or systems breakdowns or failures, security breaches or employee misconduct affecting such other third parties, may require the Firm to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information of the Firm or its customers, thereby increasing the Firm’s operational costs and potentially diminishing customer satisfaction. Furthermore, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact the Firm’s ability to conduct business. The Firm’s businesses are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals (including clients, client’s clients, employees of the Firm and its suppliers and other third parties). Ensuring that the Firm’s collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information complies with all applicable laws and regulations, including where the laws of different jurisdictions are in conflict, can increase the Firm’s operating costs, impact the development of new products or services and require significant oversight by management, and may require the Firm to structure its businesses, operations and systems in less efficient ways. Furthermore, the Firm may not be able to ensure that all of its clients, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information exchanged between them and the Firm, particularly where such information is transmitted by  14     electronic means. If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients or others were to be mishandled or misused (in situations where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise compromised by third parties), the Firm could be exposed to litigation or regulatory sanctions. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Firm’s measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that such measures are inadequate, could cause the Firm to lose customers or potential customers for its products and services and thereby reduce the Firm’s revenues. Accordingly, any failure or perceived failure by the Firm to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject it to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices or in significant liabilities, fines or penalties, and could damage the Firm’s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its businesses. The Firm may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond the Firm’s control, which may include, for example, security breaches (as discussed further below); electrical or telecommunications outages; failures of computer servers or other damage to the Firm’s property or assets; natural disasters or severe weather conditions; health emergencies or pandemics; or events arising from local or larger-scale political events, including outbreaks of hostilities or terrorist acts. JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the Firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. While the Firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the Firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the Firm’s systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the Firm’s business and results of operations by subjecting the Firm to losses or liability, or require the Firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the Firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance. A breach in the security of JPMorgan Chase’s systems, or those of other market participants, could disrupt the Firm’s businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal exposure for the Firm. Although JPMorgan Chase devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly update its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Firm’s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the Firm and its customers and clients, there is no assurance that all of the Firm’s security measures will provide absolute security.    JPMorgan Chase and other companies have reported significant breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, including through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyberattacks and other means. The Firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses, and has experienced several significant distributed denial-of-service attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties which were intended to disrupt online banking services. Despite the Firm’s efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, it is possible that the Firm may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to its systems or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types inside or outside the Firm, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties outside the Firm such as persons who are associated with external service providers or who are or may be involved in organized crime or linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service providers or other users of the Firm’s systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Firm’s data or that of its customers or clients. These risks may increase in the future as the Firm continues to increase its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Firm’s systems or the systems of another market participant could cause serious negative consequences for the Firm, including significant disruption of the Firm’s operations, misappropriation of confidential information of the Firm or that of its customers, or damage to computers or systems of the Firm and those of its customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to the Firm or to its customers, loss of confidence in the Firm’s security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure and harm to the Firm’s reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Firm. Risk Management JPMorgan Chase’s framework for managing risks and its risk management procedures and practices may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to the Firm, thereby resulting in losses. JPMorgan Chase’s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the Firm. The Firm has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which the Firm is subject. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the Firm’s risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop      15 Part I in the future, risks that the Firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. In addition, the Firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the Firm’s data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. Any lapse in the Firm’s risk management framework and governance structure or other inadequacies in the design or implementation of the Firm’s risk management framework, governance, procedures, practices, models or risk reporting systems could, individually or in the aggregate, cause unexpected losses for the Firm, materially and adversely affect the Firm’s financial condition and results of operations, require significant resources to remediate any risk management deficiency, attract heightened regulatory scrutiny, expose the Firm to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings, subject the Firm to fines, penalties or judgments, harm the Firm’s reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. The Firm’s products, including loans, leases, lending commitments, derivatives and trading account assets, as well as the investment securities portfolio and cash management and clearing activities, expose the Firm to credit risk. The Firm has exposures arising from its many different products and counterparties, and the credit quality of the Firm’s exposures can have a significant impact on its earnings. The Firm establishes allowances for probable credit losses inherent in its credit exposure, including unfunded lending-related commitments. The Firm also employs stress testing and other techniques to determine the capital and liquidity necessary to protect the Firm in the event of adverse economic or market events. These processes are critical to the Firm’s financial results and condition, and require difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of how economic conditions might impair the ability of the Firm’s borrowers and counterparties to repay their loans or other obligations. As is the case with any such assessments, there is always the possibility that the Firm will fail to identify the proper factors or that the Firm will fail to accurately estimate the impact of factors that it identifies. JPMorgan Chase’s market-making businesses may expose the Firm to unexpected market, credit and operational risks that could cause the Firm to suffer unexpected losses. Severe declines in asset values, unanticipated credit events, or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated (and vice versa) may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a financial instrument such as a derivative.  Certain of the Firm’s trading transactions require the physical settlement by delivery of securities or other obligations that the Firm does not own; if the Firm is unable to obtain such securities or obligations within the required timeframe for delivery, this could cause the Firm to forfeit payments otherwise due to it and could result in settlement delays, which could damage the Firm’s reputation and ability to transact future business. In addition, in situations    where trades are not settled or confirmed on a timely basis, the Firm may be subject to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, the Firm may be exposed to market and operational losses. In particular,  In addition, disputes with counterparties may arise regarding the terms or the settlement procedures of derivative contracts, including with respect to the value of underlying collateral, which could cause the Firm to incur unexpected costs, including transaction, operational, legal and litigation costs, or result in credit losses, all of which may impair the Firm’s ability to manage effectively its risk exposure from these products. In a difficult or less liquid market environment, the Firm’s risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies to deal with the challenging market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for the Firm to reduce its risk positions due to the activity of such other market participants or widespread market dislocations.  Many of the Firm’s risk management strategies or techniques have a basis in historical market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s subjective judgment. For example, many models used by the Firm are based on assumptions regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress, or in the event of other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely, previously correlated indicators may make unrelated movements. These sudden market movements or unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements have in some circumstances limited and could again limit the effectiveness of the Firm’s risk management strategies, causing the Firm to incur losses. Many of the models used by the Firm are subject to review not only by the Firm’s Model Risk function but also by the Firm’s regulators in order that the Firm may utilize such models in connection with the Firm’s calculations of market risk risk-weighted assets (“RWA”), credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA under the Advanced Approach of Basel III. The Firm may be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit its ability to expand its businesses, if such models do not receive approval by its regulators. In addition, the Firm must comply with enhanced standards for the assessment and management of risks associated with vendors and other third parties that provide services to the Firm. These requirements apply to the Firm both under general guidance issued by its banking regulators and, more specifically, under certain of the consent orders to which the Firm has been subject. The Firm has incurred and expects to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its third party relationships. Failure by the Firm to appropriately assess and manage third party relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could  16     result in potential liability to clients and customers, fines, penalties or judgments imposed by the Firm’s regulators, increased operating expenses and harm to the Firm’s reputation, any of which could materially and adversely affect the Firm. Other Risks The financial services industry is highly competitive, and JPMorgan Chase’s inability to compete successfully may adversely affect its results of operations. JPMorgan Chase operates in a highly competitive environment, and the Firm expects that competition in the U.S. and global financial services industry will continue to be intense. Competitors of the Firm include other banks and financial institutions, trading, advisory and investment management firms, finance companies and technology companies and other firms that are engaged in providing similar products and services. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading and payment processing. New technologies have required and could require the Firm to spend more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including technology companies.  Ongoing or increased competition, on the basis of the quality and variety of products and services offered, transaction execution, innovation, reputation, price or other factors, may put downward pressure on prices for the Firm’s products and services or may cause the Firm to lose market share. In addition, the failure of any of the Firm’s businesses to meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions or underperformance (relative to competitors or to benchmarks), could impact the Firm’s ability to retain clients and customers or attract new clients and customers, thereby reducing the Firm’s revenues. Increased competition also may require the Firm to make additional capital investments in its businesses, or to extend more of its capital on behalf of its clients in order to remain competitive. The Firm cannot provide assurance that the significant competition in the financial services industry will not materially and adversely affect its future results of operations. Competitors of the Firm’s non-U.S. wholesale businesses are typically subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes. The more restrictive laws and regulations applicable to U.S. financial services institutions, such as JPMorgan Chase, can put the Firm at a competitive disadvantage to its non-U.S. competitors, including prohibiting the Firm from engaging in certain transactions, imposing higher capital and liquidity requirements on the Firm, making the Firm’s pricing of certain transactions more expensive for clients or adversely affecting the Firm’s cost structure for providing certain products, all of which can reduce the revenue and profitability of the Firm’s wholesale businesses.   JPMorgan Chase’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success. JPMorgan Chase’s employees are the Firm’s most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. The Firm endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. The Firm also seeks to retain a pipeline of senior employees with superior talent, augmented from time to time by external hires, to provide continuity of succession for the Firm’s Operating Committee, including the Chief Executive Officer position, and senior positions below the Operating Committee. The Firm regularly reviews candidates for senior management positions to assess whether they currently are ready for a next-level role. In addition, the Firm’s Board of Directors is deeply involved in succession planning, including review of the succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and the members of the Operating Committee. If for any reason the Firm were unable to continue to attract or retain qualified employees, including successors to the Chief Executive Officer or members of the Operating Committee, the Firm’s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially and adversely affected. JPMorgan Chase’s financial statements are based in part on estimates and judgments which, if incorrect, could result in unexpected losses in the future. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”), JPMorgan Chase is required to use estimates and apply judgments in preparing its financial statements, including in determining allowances for credit losses and reserves related to litigation, among other items. Certain of the Firm’s financial instruments, including trading assets and liabilities, instruments in the investment securities portfolio, certain loans, MSRs, structured notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among other items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare the Firm’s financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, the Firm may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment. If estimates or judgments underlying the Firm’s financial statements are incorrect, the Firm may experience material losses. Lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect the Firm’s operations, profitability or reputation. There can be no assurance that the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in every circumstance or that a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting will not occur. Any such lapses or deficiencies may materially      17 Part I and adversely affect the Firm’s business and results of operations or financial condition, restrict its ability to access the capital markets, require the Firm to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies, expose the Firm to regulatory or legal proceedings, subject it to fines, penalties or judgments, harm the Firm’s reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. Damage to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation could damage its businesses. Maintaining trust in JPMorgan Chase is critical to the Firm’s ability to attract and maintain customers, investors and employees. Damage to the Firm’s reputation can therefore cause significant harm to the Firm’s business and prospects. Harm to the Firm’s reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, security breaches, compliance failures, litigation or regulatory outcomes or governmental investigations. The Firm’s reputation could also be harmed by the failure or perceived failure of an affiliate, joint-venturer or merchant banking portfolio company, or a vendor or other third party with which the Firm does business, to comply with laws or regulations. In addition, a failure or perceived failure to deliver appropriate standards of service and quality, to treat customers and clients fairly, to provide fiduciary products or services in accordance with the appropriate standards, or to handle or use confidential information of customers or clients appropriately or in compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations can result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to the Firm’s reputation. Adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media websites regarding the Firm, whether or not true, may result in harm to the Firm’s prospects. Management of potential conflicts of interests has become increasingly complex as the Firm continues to expand its business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among the Firm’s clients. The failure or perceived failure to adequately address or appropriately disclose conflicts of interest has given rise to litigation and enforcement actions and may do so in the future and could affect the willingness of clients to deal with the Firm, as well as cause serious harm to the Firm’s reputation.   Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of or individuals in the industry can also affect the Firm’s reputation. For example, the role played by financial services firms during the financial crisis, including concerns that consumers have been treated unfairly by financial institutions, has damaged the reputation of the industry as a whole. Should any of these or other events or factors that can undermine the Firm’s reputation occur, there is no assurance that the additional costs and expenses that the Firm may need to incur to address the issues giving rise to the damage to its reputation could not adversely affect the Firm’s earnings and results of operations, or that damage to the Firm’s reputation will not impair the Firm’s ability to retain its existing or attract new customers, investors and employees. ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED SEC STAFF COMMENTS None. 18     ITEM 2: PROPERTIES JPMorgan Chase’s headquarters is located in New York City at 270 Park Avenue, a 50-story office building it owns. The Firm owned or leased facilities in the following locations at December 31, 2015. December 31, 2015 (in millions) Approximate square footage     United States (a)   New York City, New York   270 Park Ave, New York, New York 1.3 All other New York City locations 9.0 Total New York City, New York 10.3     Other U.S. locations   Columbus/Westerville, Ohio 3.7 Chicago, Illinois 3.4 Wilmington/Newark, Delaware 2.2 Houston, Texas 2.2 Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas 2.0 Phoenix/Tempe, Arizona 1.8 Jersey City, New Jersey 1.6 All other U.S. locations 37.1 Total United States 64.3     Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) (b)   25 Bank Street, London, U.K. 1.4 All other U.K. locations 3.2 All other EMEA locations 0.9 Total EMEA 5.5     Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada   India 2.3 All other locations 3.9 Total Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada 6.2 Total 76.0 (a) At December 31, 2015, the Firm owned or leased 5,413 retail branches in 23 states. (b) In 2008, JPMorgan Chase acquired a 999-year leasehold interest in land at London’s Canary Wharf. JPMorgan Chase has a building agreement in place through October 30, 2016, to develop the Canary Wharf site for future use. The properties occupied by JPMorgan Chase are used across all of the Firm’s business segments and for corporate purposes. JPMorgan Chase continues to evaluate its current and projected space requirements and may determine from time to time that certain of its premises and facilities are no longer necessary for its operations. There is no assurance that the Firm will be able to dispose of any such excess premises or that it will not incur charges in connection with such dispositions. Such disposition costs may be material to the Firm’s results of operations in a given period. For information on occupancy expense, see the Consolidated Results of Operations on  pages 72–74 .   ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For a description of the Firm’s material legal proceedings, see Note 31. ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable.     19 Part II ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market for registrant’s common equity The outstanding shares of JPMorgan Chase common stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. For the quarterly high and low prices of and cash dividends declared on JPMorgan Chase’s common stock for the last two years, see the section entitled “Supplementary information – Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)” on  pages 309–310 . For a comparison of the cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase common stock with the comparable total return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S&P Financial Index over the five-year period ended  December 31, 2015 , see “Five-year stock performance”,  on  page 67 .   For information on the common dividend payout ratio, see Capital actions in the Capital Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  page 157 . For a discussion of restrictions on dividend payments, see Note 22 and Note 27. At  January 31, 2016 , there were  200,881  holders of record of JPMorgan Chase common stock. For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Firm’s employee stock-based compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12 on  page 23 . Repurchases under the common equity repurchase program For information regarding repurchases under the Firm’s common equity repurchase program, see Capital actions in the Capital Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  page 157 . Shares repurchased, on a settlement-date basis, pursuant to the common equity repurchase program during  2015  were as follows. Year ended December 31, 2015   Total shares of common stock repurchased   Average price paid per share of common stock (b)   Aggregate repurchases of common equity (in millions) (b)   Dollar value of remaining authorized repurchase (in millions) (b)   First quarter   32,531,294   $ 58.40   $ 1,900   $ 1,984 (a)   Second quarter (a)   19,129,714   65.32   1,249   5,180   Third quarter   19,100,389   65.30   1,248   3,932   October   9,247,060   61.42   567   3,365   November   4,511,071   66.44   300   3,065   December   5,321,146   66.12   352   2,713   Fourth quarter   19,079,277   63.92   1,219   2,713   Year-to-date   89,840,674   $ 62.51   $ 5,616   $ 2,713 (c)   (a) The unused portion under the prior Board authorization was canceled when the $6.4 billion program was authorized. Repurchases during the second quarter included $29 million under the prior program. (b) Excludes commissions cost. (c) Dollar value remaining under the $6.4 billion program. ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA For five-year selected financial data, see “Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights (unaudited)” on  page 66 . ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, entitled “Management’s discussion and analysis,” appears on  pages 68–173 . Such information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, which appear on  pages 176–308 .   ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK For a discussion of the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see the Market Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  pages 133–139 . 20     ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the Notes thereto and the report thereon dated  February 23, 2016 , of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm, appear on  pages 175–308 . Supplementary financial data for each full quarter within the two years ended  December 31, 2015 , are included on  pages 309–310  in the table entitled “Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited).” Also included is a “Glossary of terms’’ on  pages 311–315 . ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The internal control framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”) provides guidance for designing, implementing and conducting internal control and assessing its effectiveness. The Firm used the COSO 2013 framework to assess the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2015 . See “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on  page 174 . As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 for the Certification statements issued by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Firm is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting. Nevertheless, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, in a firm as large and complex as JPMorgan Chase, lapses or deficiencies in internal controls may occur from time to time, and there can be no assurance that any such deficiencies will not result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal control in the future. For further information, see “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on  page 174 . There was no change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the  three months ended   December 31,    2015 , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this report, the Firm is not aware of any other activity, transaction or dealing by any of its affiliates during the year ended  December 31, 2015  that requires disclosure under Section 219. During 2015, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. processed one payment from Iran Airtours on behalf of a U.S. client into such client’s account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Iran Airtours is a subsidiary of Iran Air, which, at the time of the payment, was designated pursuant to Executive Order 13382. This transaction was authorized by and conducted pursuant to a license from the Treasury Department’s OFAC. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. charged a fee of U.S. dollar $4.25 for this transaction. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may in the future engage in similar transactions for its clients to the extent permitted by U.S. law.     21 Part III ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive officers of the registrant   Age   Name (at December 31, 2015) Positions and offices James Dimon 59 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President. Ashley Bacon 46 Chief Risk Officer since June 2013. He had been Deputy Chief Risk Officer since June 2012, prior to which he had been Global Head of Market Risk for the Investment Bank (now part of Corporate & Investment Bank). Stephen M. Cutler (a) 54 Vice Chairman since January 1, 2016, prior to which he had been General Counsel. John L. Donnelly 59 Head of Human Resources. Mary Callahan Erdoes 48 Chief Executive Officer of Asset Management. Stacey Friedman (a) 47 General Counsel since January 1, 2016, prior to which she was Deputy General Counsel since July 2015 and General Counsel for the Corporate & Investment Bank since August 2012. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase in 2012, she was a partner at the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP. Marianne Lake 46 Chief Financial Officer since January 1, 2013, prior to which she had been Chief Financial Officer of Consumer & Community Banking since 2009. Douglas B. Petno 50 Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Banking since January 2012. He had been Chief Operating Officer of Commercial Banking since October 2010, prior to which he had been Global Head of Natural Resources in the Investment Bank (now part of Corporate & Investment Bank). Daniel E. Pinto 53 Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank since March 2014 and Chief Executive Officer of Europe, the Middle East and Africa since June 2011. He had been Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank from July 2012 until March 2014, prior to which he had been head or co-head of the Global Fixed Income business from November 2009 until July 2012. Gordon A. Smith 57 Chief Executive Officer of Consumer & Community Banking since December 2012 prior to which he had been Co-Chief Executive Officer since July 2012. He had been Chief Executive Officer of Card Services since 2007 and of the Auto Finance and Student Lending businesses since 2011. Matthew E. Zames 45 Chief Operating Officer since April 2013 and head of Mortgage Banking Capital Markets since January 2012. He had been Co-Chief Operating Officer from July 2012 until April 2013. He had been Chief Investment Officer from May until September 2012, co-head of the Global Fixed Income business from November 2009 until May 2012 and co-head of Mortgage Banking Capital Markets from July 2011 until January 2012, prior to which he had served in a number of senior Investment Banking Fixed Income management roles. (a) On January 1, 2016, Ms. Friedman was named General Counsel and appointed to the Operating Committee. At that date, Mr. Cutler became Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase and retired from the Operating Committee; he is no longer an executive officer of the registrant. Unless otherwise noted, during the five fiscal years ended  December 31, 2015 , all of JPMorgan Chase’s above-named executive officers have continuously held senior-level positions with JPMorgan Chase. There are no family relationships among the foregoing executive officers. Information to be provided in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of the Form 10-K and not otherwise included herein is incorporated by reference to the Firm’s definitive proxy statement for its  2016  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  May 17, 2016 , which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the Firm’s fiscal year ended  December 31, 2015 . 22     ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION See Item 10.   ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS For security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, see Item 10. The following table sets forth the total number of shares available for issuance under JPMorgan Chase’s employee stock-based incentive plans (including shares available for issuance to nonemployee directors). The Firm is not authorized to grant stock-based incentive awards to nonemployees, other than to nonemployee directors. December 31, 2015 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options/stock appreciation rights   Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding  options/stock appreciation rights   Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under stock compensation plans Plan category                 Employee stock-based incentive plans approved by shareholders 43,466,314     $ 43.51     93,491,401 (a)   Total 43,466,314     $ 43.51     93,491,401   (a) Represents future shares available under the shareholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015. All future shares will be issued under the shareholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015. For further discussion, see Note 10. ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE See Item 10. ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES See Item 10.     23 Part IV ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibits, financial statement schedules 1   Financial statements     The Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon listed in Item 8 are set forth commencing on page 176.       2   Financial statement schedules       3   Exhibits       3.1   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective April 5, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 7, 2006).       3.2   Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective June 7, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013).       3.3   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 24, 2008).       3.4   Certificate of Designations for 5.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series O (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed August 27, 2012).       3.5   Certificate of Designations for 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed February 5, 2013). 3.6   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 23, 2013). 3.7   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2013).               3.8   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 22, 2014).       3.9   Certificate of Designations for 6.70% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series T (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 30, 2014).       3.10   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on March 10, 2014).       3.11   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on June 9, 2014).       3.12   Certificate of Designations for 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on June 23, 2014).       3.13   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on September 23, 2014). 3.14   Certificate of Designations for 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed February 17, 2015).       3.15   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Z (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 21, 2015).       3.16   Certificate of Designations for 6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed June 4, 2015).       3.17   Certificate of Designations for 6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2015).       24     3.18   By-laws of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective January 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 21, 2016).       4.1   Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No.1-5805) filed October 21, 2010).       4.2   Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No.1-5805) filed March 14, 2014).       4.3   Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2001, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bankers Trust Company (succeeded by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 333-52826) filed June 13, 2001). 4.4   Form of Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 333-191692) filed October 11, 2013).       4.5   Form of Warrant to purchase common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed December 11, 2009).       Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. JPMorgan Chase & Co. agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request.       10.1   Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated July 2001 and as of December 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a)       10.2   2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective as of January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a)         10.3   2005 Deferred Compensation Program of JPMorgan Chase & Co., restated effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.4   JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Appendix C of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 8, 2015). (a)       10.5   Key Executive Performance Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix G of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013). (a) 10.6   Excess Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., restated and amended as of December 31, 2008, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009). (a)       10.7   1995 Stock Incentive Plan of J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated and Affiliated Companies, as amended, dated December 11, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.8   Executive Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.9   Bank One Corporation Stock Performance Plan, as amended and restated effective February 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.10   Bank One Corporation Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated effective December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.11   Banc One Corporation Revised and Restated 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 17, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)           25 Part IV 10.12   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement of January 22, 2008 stock appreciation rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a) 10.13   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement of January 22, 2008 stock appreciation rights for James Dimon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a)       10.14   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights, dated as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.15   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for Operating Committee member stock appreciation rights, dated as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a)       10.16   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for Operating Committee member stock appreciation rights, dated as of February 3, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009). (a)       10.17   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units, dated as of January 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2011). (a)       10.18   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2012). (a) 10.19   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 22, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended March 31, 2014). (a)         10.20   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms & Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S., E.U. and U.K.), dated as of January 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended March 31, 2015). (a)       10.21   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 19, 2016. (a)(b)       10.22   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 19, 2016. (a)(b)       10.23   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Terms and Conditions of Fixed Allowance (UK) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). (a)       10.24   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2006, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009). (a)       10.25   Plea Agreement dated May 20, 2015 between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the U.S. Department of Justice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed May 20, 2015).       12.1   Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges. (b)       12.2   Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividend requirements. (b)       21   List of subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (b)       22.1   Annual Report on Form 11-K of The JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan for the year ended December 31, 2015 (to be filed pursuant to Rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).       23   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. (b)       31.1   Certification. (b)       31.2   Certification. (b)       32   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (c)       26     101.INS   XBRL Instance Document. (b)(d)       101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Document. (b)       101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (b)       101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (b) 101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (b)       101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (b) (a) This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (b) Filed herewith. (c) Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (d) Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, includes the following financial information included in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2015 , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) interactive data files: (i) the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , (ii) the Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , (iii) the Consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , (iv) the Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , (v) the Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.     27 pages 28–64  not used Table of contents Financial:                       66   Five-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Highlights   Audited financial statements:               67   Five-Year Stock Performance   174   Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting               Management’s discussion and analysis:   175   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm               68   Introduction   176   Consolidated Financial Statements               69   Executive Overview   181   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               72   Consolidated Results of Operations                   75   Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis         77   Off–Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Cash Obligations                       79   Consolidated Cash Flows Analysis                       80   Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures   Supplementary information:               83   Business Segment Results   309   Selected quarterly financial data               107   Enterprise-wide Risk Management   311   Glossary of Terms               112   Credit Risk Management                       133   Market Risk Management                       140   Country Risk Management                       142   Model Risk Management                       143   Principal Risk Management                       144   Operational Risk Management                       146   Legal Risk Management                       147   Compliance Risk Management                       148   Reputation Risk Management                       149   Capital Management                       159   Liquidity Risk Management                       165   Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm                       170   Accounting and Reporting Developments                       172   Nonexchange-Traded Commodity Derivative Contracts at Fair Value                       173   Forward-Looking Statements                       JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   65 Financial FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (unaudited)  As of or for the year ended December 31,             (in millions, except per share, ratio, headcount data and where otherwise noted)   2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Selected income statement data             Total net revenue   $ 93,543 $ 95,112 $ 97,367 $ 97,680 $ 97,843 Total noninterest expense   59,014 61,274 70,467 64,729 62,911 Pre-provision profit   34,529 33,838 26,900 32,951 34,932 Provision for credit losses   3,827 3,139 225 3,385 7,574 Income before income tax expense   30,702 30,699 26,675 29,566 27,358 Income tax expense   6,260 8,954 8,789 8,307 8,402 Net income   $ 24,442 $ 21,745 $ 17,886 $ 21,259 $ 18,956 Earnings per share data             Net income:            Basic   $ 6.05 $ 5.33 $ 4.38 $ 5.21 $ 4.50            Diluted   6.00 5.29 4.34 5.19 4.48 Average shares:     Basic   3,700.4 3,763.5 3,782.4 3,809.4 3,900.4               Diluted   3,732.8 3,797.5 3,814.9 3,822.2 3,920.3 Market and per common share data             Market capitalization   $ 241,899 $ 232,472 $ 219,657 $ 167,260 $ 125,442 Common shares at period-end   3,663.5 3,714.8 3,756.1 3,804.0 3,772.7 Share price (a)             High   $ 70.61 $ 63.49 $ 58.55 $ 46.49 $ 48.36 Low   50.07 52.97 44.20 30.83 27.85 Close   66.03 62.58 58.48 43.97 33.25 Book value per share   60.46 56.98 53.17 51.19 46.52 Tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”) (b)   48.13 44.60 40.72 38.68 33.62 Cash dividends declared per share   1.72 1.58 1.44 1.20 1.00 Selected ratios and metrics             Return on common equity (“ROE”)   11 % 10 % 9 % 11 % 11 % Return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) (b)   13 13 11 15 15 Return on assets (“ROA”)   0.99 0.89 0.75 0.94 0.86 Overhead ratio   63 64 72 66 64 Loans-to-deposits ratio   65 56 57 61 64 High quality liquid assets (“HQLA“) (in billions) (c)   $ 496 $ 600 $ 522 341 NA Common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio (d)   11.8 % 10.2 % 10.7 % 11.0 % 10.0 % Tier 1 capital ratio (d)   13.5 11.6 11.9 12.6 12.3 Total capital ratio (d)   15.1 13.1 14.3 15.2 15.3 Tier 1 leverage ratio (d)   8.5 7.6 7.1 7.1 6.8 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)             Trading assets   $ 343,839 $ 398,988 $ 374,664 $ 450,028 $ 443,963 Securities   290,827 348,004 354,003 371,152 364,793 Loans   837,299 757,336 738,418 733,796 723,720 Core Loans   732,093 628,785 583,751 555,351 518,095 Total assets   2,351,698 2,572,274 2,414,879 2,358,323 2,264,976 Deposits   1,279,715 1,363,427 1,287,765 1,193,593 1,127,806 Long-term debt (e)   288,651 276,379 267,446 248,521 255,962 Common stockholders’ equity   221,505 211,664 199,699 194,727 175,514 Total stockholders’ equity   247,573 231,727 210,857 203,785 183,314 Headcount   234,598 241,359 251,196 258,753 259,940 Credit quality metrics             Allowance for credit losses   $ 14,341 $ 14,807 $ 16,969 $ 22,604 $ 28,282 Allowance for loan losses to total retained loans   1.63 % 1.90 % 2.25 % 3.02 % 3.84 % Allowance for loan losses to retained loans excluding purchased credit-impaired loans (f)   1.37 1.55 1.80 2.43 3.35 Nonperforming assets   $ 7,034 $ 7,967 $ 9,706 $ 11,906 $ 11,315 Net charge-offs   4,086 4,759 5,802 9,063 12,237 Net charge-off rate   0.52 % 0.65 % 0.81 % 1.26 % 1.78 % Note: Effective October 1, 2015, and January 1, 2015, JPMorgan Chase & Co. adopted new accounting guidance, retrospectively, related to (1) the presentation of debt issuance costs, and (2) investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit, respectively. For additional information, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82  , Accounting and Reporting Developments on  page 170  , and Note 1. (a) Share prices shown for JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from the New York Stock Exchange. (b) TBVPS and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82 . (c) HQLA represents the amount of assets that qualify for inclusion in the liquidity coverage ratio under the final U.S. rule (“U.S. LCR”) for December 31, 2015 and the Firm’s estimated amount for December 31, 2014 prior to the effective date of the final rule, and under the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio (“Basel III LCR”) for prior periods. The Firm did not begin estimating HQLA until December 31, 2012. For additional information, see HQLA on  page 160 . (d) Basel III Transitional rules became effective on January 1, 2014; prior period data is based on Basel I rules. As of December 31, 2014 the ratios presented are calculated under the Basel III Advanced Transitional Approach. CET1 capital under Basel III replaced Tier 1 common capital under Basel I. Prior to Basel III becoming effective on January 1, 2014, Tier 1 common capital under Basel I was a non-GAAP financial measure . See Capital Management on  pages 149–158  for additional information on Basel III and non-GAAP financial measures of regulatory capital. (e) Included unsecured long-term debt of $211.8 billion, $207.0 billion, $198.9 billion, $200.1 billion and $230.5 billion respectively, as of December 31, of each year presented. (f) Excluded the impact of residential real estate purchased credit-impaired (“PCI”) loans, a non-GAAP financial measure. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82 . For further discussion, see Allowance for credit losses on  pages 130–132 . 66   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report FIVE-YEAR STOCK PERFORMANCE The following table and graph compare the five-year cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) common stock with the cumulative return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S&P Financial Index. The S&P 500 Index is a commonly referenced United States of America (“U.S.”) equity benchmark consisting of leading companies from different economic sectors. The KBW Bank Index seeks to reflect the performance of banks and thrifts that are publicly traded in the U.S. and is composed of  24  leading national money center and regional banks and thrifts. The S&P Financial Index is an index of  87  financial companies, all of which are components of the S&P 500. The Firm is a component of all three industry indices. The following table and graph assume simultaneous investments of  $100  on  December 31, 2010 , in JPMorgan Chase common stock and in each of the above indices. The comparison assumes that all dividends are reinvested. December 31, (in dollars) 2010   2011   2012   2013   2014   2015 JPMorgan Chase $ 100.00   $ 80.03   $ 108.98   $ 148.98   $ 163.71   $ 177.40 KBW Bank Index 100.00   76.82   102.19   140.77   153.96   154.71 S&P Financial Index 100.00   82.94   106.78   144.79   166.76   164.15 S&P 500 Index 100.00   102.11   118.44   156.78   178.22   180.67 December 31, (in dollars)   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   67 Management’s discussion and analysis This section of JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report for the year ended  December 31, 2015  (“Annual Report”), provides Management’s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) of  JPMorgan Chase . See the Glossary of Terms on  pages 311–315  for definitions of terms used throughout this Annual Report. The MD&A included in this Annual Report contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Firm’s actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. Certain of such risks and uncertainties are described herein (see Forward-looking Statements on  page 173 ) and in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2015  (“ 2015  Form 10-K”), in Part I, Item 1A: Risk factors; reference is hereby made to both. INTRODUCTION  JPMorgan Chase & Co.,  a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the  U.S. , with operations worldwide; the Firm had  $2.4 trillion  in assets and  $247.6 billion  in stockholders’ equity as of  December 31, 2015 .  The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in  23  states, and Chase Bank USA, National Association (“Chase Bank USA, N.A.”), a national banking association that is the Firm’s credit card-issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMorgan Securities”), the Firm’s U.S. investment banking firm. The bank and nonbank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. One of the Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries in the  United Kingdom (“U.K.”)  is J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.   For management reporting purposes, the Firm’s activities are organized into  four  major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate segment. The Firm’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) segment. The Firm’s wholesale business segments are Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), Commercial Banking (“CB”), and Asset Management (“AM”). For a description of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases, refer to Business Segment Results on  pages 83–106 , and Note 33. 68   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW This executive overview of the MD&A highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Annual Report. For a complete description of the trends and uncertainties, as well as the risks and critical accounting estimates affecting the Firm and its various lines of business, this Annual Report should be read in its entirety. Financial performance of JPMorgan Chase     Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except per share data and ratios) 2015   2014   Change Selected income statement data           Total net revenue $ 93,543   $ 95,112   (2 )% Total noninterest expense 59,014   61,274   (4 ) Pre-provision profit 34,529   33,838   2 Provision for credit losses 3,827   3,139   22 Net income 24,442   21,745   12 Diluted earnings per share 6.00   5.29   13 Return on common equity 11 %   10 %     Capital ratios (a)           CET1 11.8   10.2     Tier 1 capital 13.5   11.6     (a) Ratios presented are calculated under the transitional Basel III rules and represent the Collins Floor. See Capital Management on  pages 149–158  for additional information on Basel III.   Summary of 2015 Results JPMorgan Chase reported record full-year 2015 net income of $24.4 billion, and record earnings per share of $6.00, on net revenue of $93.5 billion. Net income increased by $2.7 billion compared with net income of $21.7 billion in 2014. ROE for the year was 11%, up from 10% in the prior year. The increase in net income in 2015 was driven by lower taxes and lower noninterest expense, partially offset by lower net revenue and a higher provision for credit losses. The decline in net revenue was predominantly driven by lower Corporate private equity gains, lower CIB revenue reflecting the impact of business simplification, and lower CCB Mortgage Banking revenue. These decreases were partially offset by a benefit from a legal settlement in Corporate and higher operating lease income, predominantly in CCB.  The decrease in noninterest expense was driven by lower CIB expense, reflecting the impact of business simplification, and lower CCB expense as a result of efficiencies, predominantly reflecting declines in headcount-related expense and lower professional fees, partially offset by investments in the business. As a result of these changes, the Firm’s overhead ratio in 2015 was lower compared with the prior year.  The provision for credit losses increased from the prior year as a result of an increase in the wholesale provision, reflecting the impact of downgrades, including in the Oil & Gas portfolio. The consumer provision declined, reflecting lower net charge-offs due to continued discipline in credit underwriting, as well as improvement in the economy driven by increasing home prices and lower unemployment levels. This was partially offset by a lower reduction in the allowance for loan losses. Total firmwide allowance for credit losses in 2015 was  $14.3 billion , resulting in a loan loss coverage ratio of 1.37%, excluding the PCI portfolio, compared with 1.55% in the prior year. The Firm’s allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans, excluding the PCI portfolio and credit card, was 117% compared with 106% in 2014. Firmwide, net charge-offs were $4.1 billion for the year, down $673 million from 2014. Nonperforming assets at year-end were $7.0 billion, down $933 million. The Firm’s results reflected solid underlying performance across its four major reportable business segments, with continued strong lending and consumer deposit growth. Firmwide average core loans increased by 12% compared with the prior year. Within CCB, Consumer & Business Banking average deposits increased 9% over the prior year. The Firm had nearly 23 million active mobile customers at year end, an increase of 20% over the prior year. Credit card sales volume (excluding Commercial Card) was up 7% for the year and merchant processing volume was up 12%. The CIB maintained its #1 ranking in Global Investment Banking Fees according to Dealogic. CB had record average loans, with an 11% increase compared with the prior year. CB also had record gross investment banking revenue of $2.2 billion, up 10% from the prior year. AM had positive net long-term  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   69 Management’s discussion and analysis client inflows and continued to deliver strong investment performance with 80% of mutual fund assets under management (“AUM”) ranked in the 1st or 2nd quartiles over the past five years. AM also increased average loan balances by 8% in 2015.  In 2015, the Firm continued to adapt its strategy and financial architecture toward meeting regulatory and capital requirements and the changing banking landscape, while serving its clients and customers, investing in its businesses, and delivering strong returns to its shareholders. Importantly, the Firm exceeded all of its 2015 financial targets including those related to balance sheet optimization and managing its capital, its GSIB surcharge and expense. On capital, the Firm exceeded its capital target of reaching Basel III Fully Phased-In Advanced and Standardized CET1 ratios of approximately 11%, ending the year with estimated Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-in CET1 capital and ratio of $173.2 billion and 11.6%, respectively. The Firm also exceeded its target of reducing its GSIB capital surcharge, ending the year at an estimated 3.5% GSIB surcharge, achieved through a combination of reducing wholesale non-operating deposits, level 3 assets and derivative notionals. The Firm’s fully phased-in supplementary leverage ratio (“SLR”) was 6.5% and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s fully phased-in SLR was 6.6%. The Firm was also compliant with the fully phased-in U.S. liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and had $496 billion of HQLA as of year-end 2015.  The Firm’s tangible book value per share was $48.13, an increase of 8% from the prior year. Total stockholders’ equity was $247.6 billion at December 31, 2015.  Tangible book value per share and each of these Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In measures are non-GAAP financial measures; they are used by management, bank regulators, investors and analysts to assess and monitor the Firm’s capital position and liquidity. For further discussion of Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-in measures and the SLR under the U.S. final SLR rule, see Capital Management on  pages 149–158 , and for further discussion of LCR and HQLA, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 159–164 .   The Firm provided credit to and raised capital of $2.0 trillion for its clients during 2015. This included $705 billion of credit to corporations, $233 billion of credit to consumers, and $22 billion to U.S. small businesses. During 2015, the Firm also raised $1.0 trillion of capital for clients. Additionally, $68 billion of credit was provided to, and capital was raised for, nonprofit and government entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities. The Firm has substantially completed its business simplification agenda, exiting businesses, products or clients that were non-core, not at scale or not returning the appropriate level of return in order to focus on core activities for its core clients and reduce risk to the Firm. While the business simplification initiative impacted revenue growth in 2015, it did not have a meaningful impact on the Firm’s profitability. The Firm continues to focus on streamlining, simplifying and centralizing operational functions and processes in order to attain more consistencies and efficiencies across the Firm. To that end, the Firm continues to make progress on simplifying its legal entity structure, streamlining its Global Technology function, rationalizing its use of vendors, and optimizing its real estate location strategy. 70   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Business outlook  These current expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Firm’s actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements on  page 173  and the Risk Factors section on  pages 8–18 . Business Outlook JPMorgan Chase’s outlook for the full-year 2016 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global and U.S. economies, financial markets activity, the geopolitical   environment, the competitive environment, client activity levels, and regulatory and legislative developments in the U.S. and other countries where the Firm does business. Each of these inter-related factors will affect the performance of the Firm and its lines of business. The Firm expects it will continue to make appropriate adjustments to its businesses and operations in response to ongoing developments in the legal and regulatory, as well as business and economic, environment in which it operates.  In the first quarter of 2016, management expects net interest income and net interest margin to be relatively flat when compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. During 2016, if there are no changes in interest rates, management expects net interest income could be approximately $2 billion higher than in 2015, reflecting the Federal Reserve’s rate increase in December 2015 and loan growth. Management expects core loan growth of approximately 10%-15% in 2016 as well as continued growth in retail deposits which are anticipated to lead to the Firm’s balance sheet growing to approximately $2.45 trillion in 2016. Management also expects managed noninterest revenue of approximately $50 billion in 2016, a decrease from 2015, primarily driven by lower Card revenue reflecting renegotiated co-brand partnership agreements and lower revenue in Mortgage Banking.  The Firm continues to experience charge-offs at levels lower than its through-the-cycle expectations reflecting favorable credit trends across the consumer and wholesale portfolios, excluding Oil & Gas. Management expects total net charge-offs of up to approximately $4.75 billion in 2016. Based on the changes in market expectations for oil prices since year-end 2015, management believes reserves during the first quarter of 2016 could increase by approximately $500 million for Oil & Gas, and by approximately $100 million for Metals & Mining.   The Firm continues to take a disciplined approach to managing its expenses, while investing in growth and innovation. The Firm intends to leverage its scale and improve its operating efficiencies, in order to reinvest its expense savings in additional technology and marketing investments and fund other growth initiatives. As a result, Firmwide adjusted expense in 2016 is expected to be approximately $56 billion (excluding Firmwide legal expense).  Additionally, the Firm will continue to adapt its capital assessment framework to review businesses and client relationships against multiple binding constraints, including GSIB and other applicable capital requirements, imposing internal limits on business activities to align or optimize the Firm’s balance sheet and risk-weighted assets (“RWA”) with regulatory requirements in order to ensure that business activities generate appropriate levels of shareholder value.  During 2016, the Firm expects the CET1 capital ratio calculated under the Basel III Standardized Approach to become its binding constraint. As a result of the anticipated growth in the balance sheet, management anticipates that the Firm will have, over time, $1.55 trillion in Standardized risk weighted assets, and is expecting that, over the next several years, its Basel III CET1 capital ratio will be between 11% and 12.5%. In the longer term, management expects to maintain a minimum Basel III CET1 ratio of 11%. It is the Firm’s current intention that the Firm’s capital ratios continue to exceed regulatory minimums as they are fully implemented in 2019 and thereafter. Likewise, the Firm will be evolving its funding framework to ensure it meets the current and proposed more stringent regulatory liquidity rules, including those relating to the availability of adequate Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”). In Mortgage Banking within CCB, management expects noninterest revenue to decline by approximately $700 million in 2016 as servicing balances continue to decline from year-end 2015 levels. The Card net charge-off rate is expected to be approximately 2.5% in 2016. In CIB, management expects Investment Banking revenue in the first quarter of 2016 to be approximately 25% lower than the prior year first quarter, driven by current market conditions in the underwriting businesses. In addition, Markets revenue to date in the first quarter of 2016 is down approximately 20%, when compared to a particularly strong period in the prior year and reflecting the current challenging market conditions. Prior year Markets revenue was positively impacted by macroeconomic events, including the Swiss franc decoupling from the Euro. Actual Markets revenue results for the first quarter will continue to be affected by market conditions, which can be volatile. In Securities Services, management expects revenue of approximately $875 million in the first quarter of 2016. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   71 Management’s discussion and analysis CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following section of the MD&A provides a comparative discussion of JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended  December 31, 2015 . Factors that relate primarily to a single business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment. For a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm that affect the Consolidated Results of Operations, see  pages 165–169 . Revenue           Year ended December 31,           (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Investment banking fees $ 6,751   $ 6,542   $ 6,354 Principal transactions 10,408   10,531   10,141 Lending- and deposit-related fees 5,694   5,801   5,945 Asset management, administration and commissions 15,509   15,931   15,106 Securities gains 202   77   667 Mortgage fees and related income 2,513   3,563   5,205 Card income 5,924   6,020   6,022 Other income (a) 3,032   3,013   4,608 Noninterest revenue 50,033   51,478   54,048 Net interest income 43,510   43,634   43,319 Total net revenue $ 93,543   $ 95,112   $ 97,367 (a) Included operating lease income of  $2.1 billion ,  $1.7 billion  and  $1.5 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. 2015 compared with 2014  Total net revenue for 2015 was down by 2% compared with the prior year, predominantly driven by lower Corporate private equity gains, lower CIB revenue reflecting the impact of business simplification initiatives, and lower CCB Mortgage Banking revenue. These decreases were partially offset by a benefit from a legal settlement in Corporate, and higher operating lease income, predominantly in CCB. Investment banking fees increased from the prior year, reflecting higher advisory fees, partially offset by lower equity and debt underwriting fees. The increase in advisory fees was driven by a greater share of fees for completed transactions as well as growth in industry-wide fee levels. The decrease in equity underwriting fees resulted from lower industry-wide issuance, and the decrease in debt underwriting fees resulted primarily from lower loan syndication and bond underwriting fees on lower industry-wide fee levels. For additional information on investment banking fees, see CIB segment results on  pages 94–98  and Note 7. Principal transactions revenue decreased from the prior year, reflecting lower private equity gains in Corporate driven by lower valuation gains and lower net gains on sales as the Firm exits this non-core business. The decrease was partially offset by higher client-driven market-making revenue, particularly in foreign exchange, interest rate and    equity-related products in CIB, as well as a gain of approximately $160 million on CCB’s investment in Square, Inc. upon its initial public offering. For additional information, see CIB and Corporate segment results on  pages 94–98  and  pages 105–106 , respectively, and Note 7. Asset management, administration and commissions revenue decreased compared with the prior year, largely as a result of lower fees in CIB and lower performance fees in AM. The decrease was partially offset by higher asset management fees as a result of net client inflows into assets under management and the impact of higher average market levels in AM and CCB. For additional information, see the segment discussions of CIB and AM on  pages 94–98  and  pages 102–104 , respectively, and Note 7. Mortgage fees and related income decreased compared with the prior year, reflecting lower servicing revenue largely as a result of lower average third-party loans serviced, and lower net production revenue reflecting a lower repurchase benefit. For further information on mortgage fees and related income, see the segment discussion of CCB on  pages 85–93  and Notes 7 and 17. For information on lending- and deposit-related fees, see the segment results for CCB on  pages 85–93 , CIB on  pages 94–98 , and CB on  pages 99–101  and Note 7; securities gains, see the Corporate segment discussion on  pages 105–106 ; and card income, see CCB segment results on  pages 85–93 . Other income was relatively flat compared with the prior year, reflecting a $514 million benefit from a legal settlement in Corporate, higher operating lease income as a result of growth in auto operating lease assets in CCB, and the absence of losses related to the exit of non-core portfolios in Card. These increases were offset by the impact of business simplification in CIB; the absence of a benefit recognized in 2014 from a franchise tax settlement; and losses related to the accelerated amortization of cash flow hedges associated with the exit of certain non-operating deposits. Net interest income was relatively flat compared with the prior year, as lower loan yields, lower investment securities net interest income, and lower trading asset balance and yields were offset by higher average loan balances and lower interest expense on deposits. The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $2.1 trillion in 2015, and the net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable-equivalent (“FTE”) basis, was 2.14%, a decrease of 4 basis points from the prior year. 2014 compared with 2013 Total net revenue for 2014 was down by 2% compared with the prior year, predominantly due to lower mortgage fees and related income and lower other income. The decrease was partially offset by higher asset management, administration and commissions revenue. Investment banking fees increased compared with the prior year, due to higher advisory and equity underwriting fees, largely offset by lower debt underwriting fees. The increase  72   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report in advisory fees was driven by the combined impact of a greater share of fees for completed transactions, and growth in industry-wide fees. The increase in equity underwriting fees was driven by higher industry-wide issuance. The decrease in debt underwriting fees was primarily related to lower bond underwriting fees compared with the prior year, and lower loan syndication fees on lower industry-wide fees.  Principal transactions revenue increased as the prior year included a $1.5 billion loss related to the implementation of the funding valuation adjustment (“FVA”) framework for over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives and structured notes. Private equity gains increased as a result of higher net gains on sales. These increases were partially offset by lower fixed income markets revenue in CIB, primarily driven by credit-related and rates products, as well as the impact of business simplification initiatives.  Lending- and deposit-related fees decreased compared  with the prior year, reflecting the impact of business simplification initiatives and lower trade finance revenue  in CIB.  Asset management, administration and commissions revenue increased compared with the prior year, reflecting higher asset management fees driven by net client inflows and higher market levels in AM and CCB. The increase was offset partially by lower commissions and other fee revenue in CCB as a result of the exit of a non-core product in 2013.  Securities gains decreased compared with the prior year, reflecting lower repositioning activity related to the Firm’s investment securities portfolio.  Mortgage fees and related income decreased compared with the prior year, predominantly due to lower net production revenue driven by lower volumes due to higher mortgage interest rates, and tighter margins. The decline in net production revenue was partially offset by a lower loss on the risk management of mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”). Card income was relatively flat compared with the prior year, but included higher net interchange income due to growth in credit and debit card sales volume, offset by higher amortization of new account origination costs.  Other income decreased from the prior year, predominantly from the absence of two significant items recorded in Corporate in 2013: gains of $1.3 billion and $493 million from sales of Visa shares and One Chase Manhattan Plaza, respectively. Lower valuations of seed capital investments in AM and losses related to the exit of non-core portfolios in Card also contributed to the decrease. These items were partially offset by higher auto lease income as a result of growth in auto lease volume, and a benefit from a tax settlement.   Net interest income increased slightly from the prior year, predominantly reflecting higher yields on investment securities, the impact of lower interest expense from lower rates, and higher average loan balances. The increase was partially offset by lower yields on loans due to the run-off of higher-yielding loans and new originations of lower-yielding loans, and lower average interest-earning trading asset balances. The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $2.0 trillion, and the net interest yield on these assets, on a FTE basis, was 2.18%, a decrease of 5 basis points from the prior year. Provision for credit losses         Year ended December 31,           (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Consumer, excluding credit card $ (81 )   $ 419   $ (1,871 ) Credit card 3,122   3,079   2,179 Total consumer 3,041   3,498   308 Wholesale 786   (359 )   (83 ) Total provision for credit losses $ 3,827   $ 3,139   $ 225 2015 compared with 201 4 The provision for credit losses increased from the prior year as a result of an increase in the wholesale provision, largely reflecting the impact of downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in the consumer provision, reflecting lower net charge-offs due to continued discipline in credit underwriting, as well as improvement in the economy driven by increasing home prices and lower unemployment levels. The increase was partially offset by a lower reduction in the allowance for loan losses. For a more detailed discussion of the credit portfolio and the allowance for credit losses, see the segment discussions of CCB on  pages 85–93 , CB on  pages 99–101 , and the Allowance For Credit Losses on  pages 130–132 . 2014 compared with 2013 The provision for credit losses increased by $2.9 billion from the prior year as result of a lower benefit from reductions in the consumer allowance for loan losses, partially offset by lower net charge-offs. The consumer allowance reduction in 2014 was primarily related to the consumer, excluding credit card, portfolio and reflected the continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies in the residential real estate portfolio. The wholesale provision reflected a continued favorable credit environment.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   73 Management’s discussion and analysis Noninterest expense         Year ended December 31,   (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Compensation expense $ 29,750   $ 30,160   $ 30,810 Noncompensation expense:           Occupancy 3,768   3,909   3,693 Technology, communications and equipment 6,193   5,804   5,425 Professional and outside services 7,002   7,705   7,641 Marketing 2,708   2,550   2,500 Other (a)(b) 9,593   11,146   20,398 Total noncompensation expense 29,264   31,114   39,657 Total noninterest expense $ 59,014   $ 61,274   $ 70,467 (a) Included legal expense of  $3.0 billion ,  $2.9 billion  and  $11.1 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. (b) Included Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)-related expense of  $1.2 billion ,  $1.0 billion  and  $1.5 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 2015 compared with 2014   Total noninterest expense decreased by 4% from the prior year, as a result of lower CIB expense, predominantly reflecting the impact of business simplification; and lower CCB expense resulting from efficiencies related to declines in headcount-related expense and lower professional fees. These decreases were partially offset by investment in the businesses, including for infrastructure and controls. Compensation expense decreased compared with the prior year, predominantly driven by lower performance-based incentives and reduced headcount, partially offset by higher postretirement benefit costs and investment in the businesses, including for infrastructure and controls. Noncompensation expense decreased from the prior year, reflecting benefits from business simplification in CIB; lower professional and outside services expense, reflecting lower legal services expense and a reduced number of contractors in the businesses; lower amortization of intangibles; and the absence of a goodwill impairment in Corporate. These factors were partially offset by higher depreciation expense, largely associated with higher auto operating lease assets in CCB; higher marketing expense in CCB; and higher FDIC-related assessments. Legal expense was relatively flat compared with the prior year. For a further discussion of legal expense, see Note 31.   2014 compared with 2013 Total noninterest expense decreased by $9.2 billion, or 13%, from the prior year, as a result of lower other expense (in particular, legal expense) and lower compensation expense. Compensation expense decreased compared with the prior year, predominantly driven by lower headcount in CCB Mortgage Banking, lower performance-based compensation expense in CIB, and lower postretirement benefit costs. The decrease was partially offset by investments in the businesses, including headcount for controls. Noncompensation expense decreased compared with the prior year, due to lower other expense, predominantly reflecting lower legal expense. Lower expense for foreclosure-related matters and production and servicing-related expense in CCB Mortgage Banking, lower FDIC-related assessments, and lower amortization due to certain fully amortized intangibles, also contributed to the decline. The decrease was offset partially by investments in the businesses, including for controls, and costs related to business simplification initiatives across the Firm.  Income tax expense           Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rate)           2015   2014   2013 Income before income tax expense $ 30,702   $ 30,699   $ 26,675 Income tax expense 6,260   8,954   8,789 Effective tax rate 20.4 %   29.2 %   32.9 % 2015 compared with 2014 The effective tax rate decreased compared with the prior year, predominantly due to the recognition in 2015 of tax benefits of $2.9 billion and other changes in the mix of income and expense subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes, partially offset by prior-year tax adjustments. The recognition of tax benefits in 2015 was due to the resolution of various tax audits, as well as the release of U.S. deferred taxes associated with the restructuring of certain non-U.S. entities. For further information see  Note 26. 2014 compared with 2013 The decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was largely attributable to the effect of the lower level of nondeductible legal-related penalties, partially offset by higher 2014 pretax income in combination with changes in the mix of income and expense subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes, and lower tax benefits associated with tax adjustments and the settlement of tax audits.  74   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ANALYSIS Selected Consolidated balance sheets data   December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Change Assets       Cash and due from banks $ 20,490 $ 27,831 (26 )% Deposits with banks 340,015 484,477 (30 ) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 212,575 215,803 (1 ) Securities borrowed 98,721 110,435 (11 ) Trading assets:       Debt and equity instruments 284,162 320,013 (11 ) Derivative receivables 59,677 78,975 (24 ) Securities 290,827 348,004 (16 ) Loans 837,299 757,336 11 Allowance for loan losses (13,555 ) (14,185 ) (4 ) Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 823,744 743,151 11 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 46,605 70,079 (33 ) Premises and equipment 14,362 15,133 (5 ) Goodwill 47,325 47,647 (1 ) Mortgage servicing rights 6,608 7,436 (11 ) Other intangible assets 1,015 1,192 (15 ) Other assets 105,572 102,098 3 Total assets $ 2,351,698 $ 2,572,274 (9 )%         Liabilities       Deposits $ 1,279,715 $ 1,363,427 (6 ) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 152,678 192,101 (21 ) Commercial paper 15,562 66,344 (77 ) Other borrowed funds 21,105 30,222 (30 ) Trading liabilities:       Debt and equity instruments 74,107 81,699 (9 ) Derivative payables 52,790 71,116 (26 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities 177,638 206,939 (14 ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) 41,879 52,320 (20 ) Long-term debt 288,651 276,379 4 Total liabilities 2,104,125 2,340,547 (10 ) Stockholders’ equity 247,573 231,727 7 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,351,698 $ 2,572,274 (9 )%   The following is a discussion of the significant changes between December 31, 2015 and 2014. Cash and due from banks and deposits with banks The Firm’s excess cash is placed with various central banks, predominantly Federal Reserve Banks. The net decrease in cash and due from banks and deposits with banks was primarily due to the Firm’s actions to reduce wholesale non-operating deposits. Securities borrowed The decrease was largely driven by a lower demand for securities to cover short positions in CIB. For additional information, refer to Notes 3 and 13. Trading assets – debt and equity instruments The decrease was predominantly related to client-driven market-making activities in CIB, which resulted in lower levels of both debt and equity instruments. For additional information, refer to Note 3. Trading assets and liabilities – derivative receivables and payables The decrease in both receivables and payables was predominantly driven by declines in interest rate derivatives, commodity derivatives, foreign exchange derivatives and equity derivatives due to market movements, maturities and settlements related to client-driven market-making activities in CIB. For additional information, refer to Derivative contracts on  pages 127–129 , and Notes 3 and 6. Securities The decrease was largely due to paydowns and sales of  non-U.S. residential mortgage-backed securities, non-U.S. government debt securities, and non-U.S. corporate debt securities reflecting a shift to loans. For additional information related to securities, refer to the discussion  in the Corporate segment on  pages 105–106 , and Notes 3  and 12. Loans and allowance for loan losses The increase in loans was attributable to an increase in consumer loans due to higher originations and retention of prime mortgages in Mortgage Banking (“MB”) and AM, and higher originations of auto loans in CCB, as well as an increase in wholesale loans driven by increased client activity, notably in commercial real estate. The decrease in the allowance for loan losses was attributable to a lower consumer, excluding credit card, allowance for loan losses, driven by a reduction in the residential real estate portfolio allowance as a result of continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies and increased granularity in the impairment estimates. The wholesale allowance increased, largely reflecting the impact of downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio. For a more detailed discussion of loans and the allowance for loan losses, refer to Credit Risk Management on  pages 112–132 , and Notes 3, 4, 14 and 15. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   75 Management’s discussion and analysis Accrued interest and accounts receivable The decrease was due to lower customer receivables related to client activity in CIB, and a reduction in unsettled securities transactions. Mortgage servicing rights  For information on MSRs, see Note 17. Other assets Other assets increased modestly as a result of an increase in income tax receivables, largely associated with the resolution of certain tax audits, and higher auto operating lease assets from growth in business volume. These factors were mostly offset by lower private equity investments driven by the sale of a portion of the Private Equity business and other portfolio sales. Deposits The decrease was attributable to lower wholesale deposits, partially offset by higher consumer deposits. The decrease in wholesale deposits reflected the impact of the Firm’s actions to reduce non-operating deposits. The increase in consumer deposits reflected continuing positive growth from strong customer retention. For more information, refer to the Liquidity Risk Management discussion on  pages 159–164 ; and Notes 3 and 19. Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements The decrease was due to a decline in secured financing of trading assets-debt and equity instruments in CIB and of investment securities in the Chief Investment Office (“CIO”). For additional information on the Firm’s Liquidity Risk Management, see  pages 159–164 .   Commercial paper The decrease was associated with the discontinuation of a cash management product that offered customers the option of sweeping their deposits into commercial paper (“customer sweeps”), and lower issuances in the wholesale markets, consistent with Treasury’s short-term funding plans. For additional information, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 159–164 . Accounts payable and other liabilities The decrease was due to lower brokerage customer payables related to client activity in CIB. Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs The decrease was predominantly due to a reduction in commercial paper issued by conduits to third parties and to maturities of certain municipal bond vehicles in CIB, as well as net maturities of credit card securitizations. For further information on Firm-sponsored VIEs and loan securitization trusts, see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements on  pages 77–78  and Note 16. Long-term debt The increase was due to net issuances, consistent with Treasury’s long-term funding plans. For additional information on the Firm’s long-term debt activities, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 159–164  and Note 21. Stockholders’ equity The increase was due to net income and preferred stock issuances, partially offset by the declaration of cash dividends on common and preferred stock, and repurchases of common stock. For additional information on accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (“AOCI”), see Note 25; for the Firm’s capital actions, see Capital Management on  page 157  and Notes 22, 23 and 25. 76   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. Certain obligations are recognized on-balance sheet, while others are off-balance sheet under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S (“U.S. GAAP”). The Firm is involved with several types of off–balance sheet arrangements, including through nonconsolidated special-purpose entities (“SPEs”), which are a type of VIE, and through lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees). Special-purpose entities The most common type of VIE is an SPE. SPEs are commonly used in securitization transactions in order to isolate certain assets and distribute the cash flows from those assets to investors. SPEs are an important part of the financial markets, including the mortgage- and asset-b a cked securities and commercial paper markets, as they provide market liquidity by facilitating investors’ access to specific portfolios of assets and risks. SPEs may be organized as trusts, partnerships or corporations and are typically established for a single, discrete purpose. SPEs are not typically operating entities and usually have a limited life and no employees. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE; the SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing securities to investors. JPMorgan Chase uses SPEs as a source of liquidity for itself and its clients by securitizing financial assets, and by creating investment products for clients. The Firm is involved with SPEs through multi-seller conduits, investor intermediation activities, and loan securitizations. See Note 16 for further information on these types of SPEs. The Firm holds capital, as deemed appropriate, against all SPE-related transactions and related exposures, such as derivative transactions and lending-related commitments and guarantees. The Firm has no commitments to issue its own stock to support any SPE transaction, and its policies require that transactions with SPEs be conducted at arm’s length and reflect market pricing. Consistent with this policy, no JPMorgan Chase employee is permitted to invest in SPEs with which the Firm is involved where such investment would violate the Firm’s Code of Conduct. These rules prohibit employees from self-dealing and acting on behalf of the Firm in transactions with which they or their family have any significant financial interest. Implications of a credit rating downgrade to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. For certain liquidity commitments to SPEs, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. could be required to provide funding if its short-term credit rating were downgraded below specific levels,    primarily “P-1”, “A-1” and “F1” for Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, respectively. These liquidity commitments support the issuance of asset-backed commercial paper by Firm-administered consolidated SPEs. In the event of a short-term credit rating downgrade, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., absent other solutions, would be required to provide funding to the SPE if the commercial paper could not be reissued as it matured. The aggregate amounts of commercial paper outstanding held by third parties as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , was  $8.7 billion  and  $12.1 billion , respectively. The aggregate amounts of commercial paper issued by these SPEs could increase in future periods should clients of the Firm-administered consolidated SPEs draw down on certain unfunded lending-related commitments. These unfunded lending-related commitments were  $5.6 billion  and  $9.9 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The Firm could facilitate the refinancing of some of the clients’ assets in order to reduce the funding obligation. For further information, see the discussion of Firm-administered multi-seller conduits in Note 16. The Firm also acts as liquidity provider for certain municipal bond vehicles. The Firm’s obligation to perform as liquidity provider is conditional and is limited by certain termination events, which include bankruptcy or failure to pay by the municipal bond issuer and any credit enhancement provider, an event of taxability on the municipal bonds or the immediate downgrade of the municipal bond to below investment grade. See Note 16 for additional information. Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees, and other commitments JPMorgan Chase  provides lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its customers. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk to the Firm should the counterparty draw upon the commitment or the Firm be required to fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and should the counterparty subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees expire without being drawn or a default occurring. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in the Firm’s view, representative of its actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. For further discussion of lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments, and the Firm’s accounting for them, see Lending-related commitments on  page 127  and Note 29. For a discussion of liabilities associated with loan sales and securitization-related indemnifications, see Note 29. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   77 Management’s discussion and analysis Contractual cash obligations The accompanying table summarizes, by remaining maturity,  JPMorgan Chase ’s significant contractual cash obligations at  December 31, 2015 . The contractual cash obligations included in the table below reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with terms that are both fixed and determinable. Excluded from the below table are certain liabilities with variable cash flows and/or no obligation to return a stated amount of principal at maturity.   The carrying amount of on-balance sheet obligations on the Consolidated balance sheets may differ from the minimum contractual amount of the obligations reported below. For a discussion of mortgage repurchase liabilities and other obligations, see Note 29. Contractual cash obligations           By remaining maturity at December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2016 2017-2018 2019-2020 After 2020 Total Total On-balance sheet obligations             Deposits (a) $ 1,262,865 $ 5,166 $ 3,553 $ 4,555 $ 1,276,139 $ 1,361,597 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 151,433 811 3 491 152,738 192,128 Commercial paper 15,562 — — — 15,562 66,344 Other borrowed funds (a) 11,331 — — — 11,331 15,734 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 16,389 18,480 3,093 3,130 41,092 50,200 Long-term debt (a) 45,972 82,293 59,669 92,272 280,206 262,888 Other (b) 3,659 1,201 1,024 2,488 8,372 8,355 Total on-balance sheet obligations 1,507,211 107,951 67,342 102,936 1,785,440 1,957,246 Off-balance sheet obligations             Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements (c) 42,482 — — — 42,482 40,993 Contractual interest payments (d) 8,787 9,461 6,693 21,208 46,149 48,038 Operating leases (e) 1,668 3,094 2,388 4,679 11,829 12,441 Equity investment commitments (f) 387 — 75 459 921 1,108 Contractual purchases and capital expenditures 1,266 886 276 170 2,598 2,832 Obligations under affinity and co-brand programs 98 275 80 43 496 2,303 Total off-balance sheet obligations 54,688 13,716 9,512 26,559 104,475 107,715 Total contractual cash obligations $ 1,561,899 $ 121,667 $ 76,854 $ 129,495 $ 1,889,915 $ 2,064,961 (a) Excludes structured notes on which the Firm is not obligated to return a stated amount of principal at the maturity of the notes, but is obligated to return an amount based on the performance of the structured notes. (b) Primarily includes dividends declared on preferred and common stock, deferred annuity contracts, pension and postretirement obligations and insurance liabilities. (c) For further information, refer to unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements in Note 29. (d) Includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations. Excludes interest related to structured notes for which the Firm’s payment obligation is based on the performance of certain benchmarks. (e) Includes noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes and for energy-related tolling service agreements. Excludes the benefit of noncancelable sublease rentals of  $1.9 billion  and $ 2.2 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (f) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included unfunded commitments of  $50 million  and  $147 million , respectively, to third-party private equity funds, and  $871 million  and  $961 million  of unfunded commitments, respectively, to other equity investments.  78   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS ANALYSIS (in millions)   Year ended December 31,   2015   2014   2013 Net cash provided by/(used in)             Operating activities   $ 73,466   $ 36,593   $ 107,953 Investing activities   106,980   (165,636 )   (150,501 ) Financing activities   (187,511 )   118,228   28,324 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   (276 )   (1,125 )   272 Net decrease in cash and due from banks   $ (7,341 )   $ (11,940 )   $ (13,952 ) Operating activities JPMorgan Chase’s operating assets and liabilities support the Firm’s lending and capital markets activities, including the origination or purchase of loans initially designated as held-for-sale. Operating assets and liabilities can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows, which are affected by client-driven and risk management activities and market conditions. The Firm believes cash flows from operations, available cash balances and its capacity to generate cash through secured and unsecured sources are sufficient to meet the Firm’s operating liquidity needs. Cash provided by operating activities in 2015 resulted from a decrease in trading assets, predominantly due to client-driven market-making activities in CIB, resulting in lower levels of debt and equity securities. Additionally, cash was provided by a decrease in accounts receivable due to lower client receivables and higher net proceeds from loan sales activities. This was partially offset by cash used due to a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities, resulting from lower brokerage customer payables related to client activity in CIB. In 2014 cash provided reflected higher net proceeds from loan securitizations and sales activities when compared with 2013. In 2013 cash provided reflected a decrease in trading assets from client-driven market-making activities in CIB, resulting in lower levels of debt securities, partially offset by net cash used in connection with loans originated or purchased for sale. Cash provided by operating activities for all periods also reflected net income after noncash operating adjustments. Investing activities The Firm’s investing activities predominantly include loans originated to be held for investment, the investment securities portfolio and other short-term interest-earning assets. Cash provided by investing activities during 2015 predominantly resulted from lower deposits with banks due to the Firm’s actions to reduce wholesale non-operating deposits; and net proceeds from paydowns, maturities, sales and purchases of investment securities. Partially offsetting these net inflows was cash used for net originations of consumer and wholesale loans, a portion of which reflected a shift from investment securities. Cash   used in investing activities during 2014 and 2013 resulted from increases in deposits with banks, attributable to higher levels of excess funds; cash was also used for growth in wholesale and consumer loans in 2014, while in 2013 cash used reflected growth only in wholesale loans. Partially offsetting these cash outflows in 2014 and 2013 was a net decline in securities purchased under resale agreements due to a shift in the deployment of the Firm’s excess cash by Treasury, and a net decline in consumer loans in 2013 resulting from paydowns and portfolio runoff or liquidation of delinquent loans. Investing activities in 2014 and 2013 also reflected net proceeds from paydowns, maturities, sales and purchases of investment securities. Financing activities The Firm’s financing activities includes cash related to customer deposits, long-term debt, and preferred and common stock. Cash used in financing activities in 2015 resulted from lower wholesale deposits partially offset by higher consumer deposits. Additionally, in 2015 cash outflows were attributable to lower levels of commercial paper due to the discontinuation of a cash management product that offered customers the option of sweeping their deposits into commercial paper; lower commercial paper issuances in the wholesale markets; and a decrease in securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements due to a decline in secured financings. Cash provided by financing activities in 2014 and 2013 predominantly resulted from higher consumer and wholesale deposits; partially offset in 2013 by a decrease in securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, predominantly due to changes in the mix of the Firm’s funding sources. For all periods, cash was provided by net proceeds from long-term borrowings and issuances of preferred stock; and cash was used for repurchases of common stock and cash dividends on common and preferred stock. *     *     * For a further discussion of the activities affecting the Firm’s cash flows, see Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on  pages 75–76 , Capital Management on pages 149–158, and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 159–164. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   79 Management’s discussion and analysis EXPLANATION AND RECONCILIATION OF THE FIRM’S USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES The Firm prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements using U.S. GAAP; these financial statements appear on  pages 176–180 . That presentation, which is referred to as “reported” basis, provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm’s results that can be tracked consistently from year to year and enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with other companies’ U.S. GAAP financial statements. In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews the Firm’s results, including the overhead ratio, and the results of the lines of business, on a “managed” basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm (and each of the reportable business segments) on an FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. This non-GAAP financial measure allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the lines of business.   Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit, which impacted the CIB. As a result of the adoption of this new guidance, the Firm made an accounting policy election to amortize the initial cost of qualifying investments in proportion to the tax credits and other benefits received, and to present the amortization as a component of income tax expense; previously such amounts were predominantly presented in other income. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively and, accordingly, certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. The adoption of the guidance did not materially change the Firm’s results of operations on a managed basis as the Firm had previously presented and will continue to present the revenue from such investments on an FTE basis in other income for the purposes of managed basis reporting. Management also uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the business-segment level, because it believes these other non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors about the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and, therefore, facilitate a comparison of the business segment with the performance of its competitors. Non- GAAP financial measures used by the Firm may not be comparable to similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis.   2015   2014   2013 Year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios) Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis   Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis   Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis Other income $ 3,032   $ 1,980   $ 5,012   $ 3,013   $ 1,788   $ 4,801   $4,608   $1,660   $6,268 Total noninterest revenue 50,033   1,980   52,013   51,478   1,788   53,266   54,048   1,660   55,708 Net interest income 43,510   1,110   44,620   43,634   985   44,619   43,319   697   44,016 Total net revenue 93,543   3,090   96,633   95,112   2,773   97,885   97,367   2,357   99,724 Pre-provision profit 34,529   3,090   37,619   33,838   2,773   36,611   26,900   2,357   29,257 Income before income tax expense 30,702   3,090   33,792   30,699   2,773   33,472   26,675   2,357   29,032 Income tax expense 6,260   3,090   9,350   8,954   2,773   11,727   8,789   2,357   11,146 Overhead ratio 63 %   NM   61 %   64 %   NM   63 %   72%   NM   71% (a)   Predominantly recognized in CIB and CB business segments and Corporate 80   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Calculation of certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures Certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are calculated as follows: Book value per share (“BVPS”) Common stockholders’ equity at period-end / Common shares at period-end Overhead ratio Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue Return on assets (“ROA”) Reported net income / Total average assets Return on common equity (“ROE”) Net income* / Average common stockholders’ equity Return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) Net income* / Average tangible common equity Tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”) Tangible common equity at period-end / Common shares at period-end * Represents net income applicable to common equity   Tangible common equity (“TCE”), ROTCE and TBVPS are each non-GAAP financial measures. TCE represents the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity (i.e., total stockholders’ equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs), net of related deferred tax liabilities. ROTCE measures the Firm’s earnings as a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. TCE, ROTCE, and TBVPS are meaningful to the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity. Additionally, certain credit and capital metrics and ratios disclosed by the Firm are non-GAAP measures. For additional information on these non-GAAP measures, see Credit Risk Management on  pages 112–132 , and Capital Management on  pages 149–158 . Tangible common equity               Period-end   Average   Dec 31,  2015 Dec 31,  2014   Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share and ratio data)   2015 2014 2013 Common stockholders’ equity $ 221,505 $ 211,664   $ 215,690 $ 207,400 $ 196,409 Less: Goodwill 47,325 47,647   47,445 48,029 48,102 Less: Certain identifiable intangible assets 1,015 1,192   1,092 1,378 1,950 Add: Deferred tax liabilities (a) 3,148 2,853   2,964 2,950 2,885 Tangible common equity $ 176,313 $ 165,678   $ 170,117 $ 160,943 $ 149,242               Return on tangible common equity NA NA   13 % 13 % 11 % Tangible book value per share $ 48.13 $ 44.60   NA NA N/A (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   81 Management’s discussion and analysis Net interest income excluding markets-based activities (formerly core net interest income) In addition to reviewing net interest income on a managed basis, management also reviews net interest income excluding CIB’s markets-based activities to assess the performance of the Firm’s lending, investing (including asset-liability management) and deposit-raising activities. The data presented below are non-GAAP financial measures due to the exclusion of CIB’s markets-based net interest income and related assets. Management believes this exclusion provides investors and analysts with another measure by which to analyze the non-markets-related business trends of the Firm and provides a comparable measure to other financial institutions that are primarily focused on lending, investing and deposit-raising activities. Net interest income excluding CIB markets-based activities data Year ended December 31,  (in millions, except rates) 2015 2014 2013 Net interest income – managed basis (a)(b) $ 44,620 $ 44,619 $ 44,016 Less: Markets-based net interest income 4,813 5,552 5,492 Net interest income excluding markets (a) $ 39,807 $ 39,067 $ 38,524 Average interest-earning assets $ 2,088,242 $ 2,049,093 $ 1,970,231 Less: Average markets-based interest-earning assets 493,225 510,261 504,218 Average interest-earning assets excluding markets $ 1,595,017 $ 1,538,832 $ 1,466,013 Net interest yield on average interest-earning assets – managed basis 2.14 % 2.18 % 2.23 % Net interest yield on average markets-based interest-earning assets 0.97 1.09 1.09 Net interest yield on average interest-earning assets excluding markets 2.50 % 2.54 % 2.63 % (a) Interest includes the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. (b) For a reconciliation of net interest income on a reported and managed basis, see reconciliation from the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis on page  80 .   2015  compared with  2014   Net interest income excluding CIB’s markets-based activities increased by  $740 million  in  2015  to  $39.8 billion , and average interest-earning assets increased by  $56.2 billion  to  $1.6 trillion . The increase in net interest income in  2015  predominantly reflected higher average loan balances and lower interest expense on deposits. The increase was partially offset by lower loan yields and lower investment securities net interest income. The increase in average interest-earning assets largely reflected the impact of higher average deposits with banks. These changes in net interest income and interest-earning assets resulted in the net interest yield decreasing by  4  basis points to  2.50%  for  2015 . 2014  compared with  2013 Net interest income excluding CIB’s markets-based activities increased by  $543 million  in  2014  to  $39.1 billion , and average interest-earning assets increased by  $72.8 billion  to  $1.5 trillion . The increase in net interest income in  2014  predominantly reflected higher yields on investment securities, the impact of lower interest expense, and higher average loan balances. The increase was partially offset by lower yields on loans due to the run-off of higher-yielding loans and new originations of lower-yielding loans. The increase in average interest-earning assets largely reflected the impact of higher average balance of deposits with banks. These changes in net interest income and interest-earning assets resulted in the net interest yield decreasing by  9  basis points to  2.54%  for  2014 . 82   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS The Firm is managed on a line of business basis. There are four major reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment.   The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on a managed basis. For a definition of managed basis, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, on  pages 80–82 .   JPMorgan Chase       Consumer Businesses   Wholesale Businesses       Consumer & Community Banking   Corporate & Investment Bank   Commercial Banking   Asset Management                               Consumer &  Business  Banking   Mortgage  Banking   Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto   Banking   Markets & Investor Services    •  Middle Market Banking    •  Global Investment Management    •  Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management  •  Business Banking    •  Mortgage Production  •  Mortgage Servicing  •  Real Estate Portfolios  •  Card Services  –  Credit Card  –  Commerce Solutions  •  Auto & Student  •  Investment Banking  •  Treasury Services  •  Lending  •  Fixed  Income  Markets  •  Corporate Client Banking  •  Global Wealth Management    •  Equity Markets  •  Securities Services  •  Credit Adjustments & Other  •  Commercial Term Lending    •  Real Estate Banking   Description of business segment reporting methodology  Results of the business segments are intended to reflect each segment as if it were essentially a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results allocates income and expense using market-based methodologies. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and further refinements may be implemented in future periods. Revenue sharing  When business segments join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients, the participating business segments agree to share revenue from those transactions. The segment results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements. Funds transfer pricing  Funds transfer pricing is used to allocate interest income and expense to each business and transfer the primary interest rate risk exposures to the Treasury group within Corporate. The allocation process is unique to each business segment and considers the interest rate risk, liquidity risk and regulatory requirements of that segment as if it were operating independently, and as compared with its stand-alone peers. This process is overseen by senior management and reviewed by the Firm’s Asset-Liability Committee (“ALCO”).   Preferred stock dividend allocation As part of its funds transfer pricing process, the Firm allocates substantially all of the cost of its outstanding preferred stock to its reportable business segments, while retaining the balance of the cost in Corporate. This cost is included as a reduction to net income applicable to common equity in order to be consistent with the presentation of firmwide results.  Business segment capital allocation changes  On at least an annual basis, the Firm assesses the level of capital required for each line of business as well as the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital to its lines of business and updates the equity allocations to its lines of business as refinements are implemented. Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand-alone peer comparisons, regulatory capital requirements (as estimated under Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In rules) and economic risk. The amount of capital assigned to each business is referred to as equity.  For further information about line of business capital, see Line of business equity on  page 156 . Expense allocation Where business segments use services provided by corporate support units, or another business segment, the costs of those services are allocated to the respective business segments. The expense is generally allocated based on actual cost and use of services provided. In contrast, certain other costs related to corporate support  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   83 Management’s discussion and analysis units, or to certain technology and operations, are not allocated to the business segments and are retained in Corporate. Expense retained in Corporate generally includes parent company costs that would not be incurred if the    segments were stand-alone businesses; adjustments to align corporate support units; and other items not aligned with a particular business segment.  Segment Results – Managed Basis The following tables summarize the business segment results for the periods indicated. Year ended December 31, Total net revenue   Total noninterest expense   Pre-provision profit/(loss) (in millions) 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Consumer & Community Banking $ 43,820 $ 44,368 $ 46,537   $ 24,909 $ 25,609 $ 27,842   $ 18,911 $ 18,759 $ 18,695 Corporate & Investment Bank 33,542 34,595 34,712   21,361 23,273 21,744   12,181 11,322 12,968 Commercial Banking 6,885 6,882 7,092   2,881 2,695 2,610   4,004 4,187 4,482 Asset Management 12,119 12,028 11,405   8,886 8,538 8,016   3,233 3,490 3,389 Corporate 267 12 (22 )   977 1,159 10,255   (710 ) (1,147 ) (10,277 ) Total $ 96,633 $ 97,885 $ 99,724   $ 59,014 $ 61,274 $ 70,467   $ 37,619 $ 36,611 $ 29,257 Year ended December 31, Provision for credit losses   Net income/(loss)   Return on equity (in millions, except ratios) 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Consumer & Community Banking $ 3,059 $ 3,520 $ 335   $ 9,789 $ 9,185 $ 11,061   18 % 18 % 23 % Corporate & Investment Bank 332 (161 ) (232 )   8,090 6,908 8,850   12 10 15 Commercial Banking 442 (189 ) 85   2,191 2,635 2,648   15 18 19 Asset Management 4 4 65   1,935 2,153 2,083   21 23 23 Corporate (10 ) (35 ) (28 )   2,437 864 (6,756 )   NM NM NM Total $ 3,827 $ 3,139 $ 225   $ 24,442 $ 21,745 $ 17,886   11% 10 % 9 % 84   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CONSUMER & COMMUNITY BANKING Consumer & Community Banking serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through ATMs, online, mobile and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Consumer & Business Banking (including Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management and Business Banking), Mortgage Banking (including Mortgage Production, Mortgage Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto (“Card”). Consumer & Business Banking offers deposit and investment products and services to consumers, and lending, deposit, and cash management and payment solutions to small businesses. Mortgage Banking includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card issues credit cards to consumers and small businesses, offers payment processing services to merchants, and provides auto loans and leases and student loan services. Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Lending- and deposit-related fees $ 3,137   $ 3,039   $ 2,983 Asset management, administration and commissions 2,172   2,096   2,116 Mortgage fees and related income 2,511   3,560   5,195 Card income 5,491   5,779   5,785 All other income 2,281   1,463   1,473 Noninterest revenue 15,592   15,937   17,552 Net interest income 28,228   28,431   28,985 Total net revenue 43,820 44,368   46,537             Provision for credit losses 3,059   3,520   335             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 9,770   10,538   11,686 Noncompensation expense 15,139   15,071   16,156 Total noninterest expense 24,909   25,609   27,842 Income before income tax expense 15,852   15,239   18,360 Income tax expense 6,063   6,054   7,299 Net income $ 9,789   $ 9,185   $ 11,061             Financial ratios           Return on common equity 18 %   18 %   23 % Overhead ratio 57   58   60 Note: In the discussion and the tables which follow, CCB presents certain financial measures which exclude the impact of PCI loans; these are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.   2015 compared with 2014 Consumer & Community Banking net income was $9.8 billion, an increase of 7% compared with the prior year, driven by lower noninterest expense and lower provision for credit losses, largely offset by lower net revenue. Net revenue was $43.8 billion, a decrease of 1% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $28.2 billion, down 1%, driven by spread compression, predominantly offset by higher deposit and loan balances, and improved credit quality including lower reversals of interest and fees due to lower net charge-offs in Credit Card. Noninterest revenue was $15.6 billion, down 2%, driven by lower mortgage fees and related income, predominantly offset by higher auto lease and card sales volume, and the impact of non-core portfolio exits in Card in the prior year. The provision for credit losses was $3.1 billion, a decrease of 13% from the prior year, reflecting lower net charge-offs, partially offset by a lower reduction in the allowance for loan losses. The current-year provision reflected a $1.0 billion reduction in the allowance for loan losses, compared with a $1.3 billion reduction in the prior year. Noninterest expense was $24.9 billion, a decrease of 3% from the prior year, driven by lower Mortgage Banking expense. 2014 compared with 2013 Consumer & Community Banking net income was $9.2 billion, a decrease of 17% compared with the prior year, due to higher provision for credit losses and lower net revenue, partially offset by lower noninterest expense. Net revenue was $44.4 billion, a decrease of 5% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $28.4 billion, down 2%, driven by spread compression and lower mortgage warehouse balances, largely offset by higher deposit balances in Consumer & Business Banking and higher loan balances in Credit Card. Noninterest revenue was $16.0 billion, a decrease of 9%, driven by lower mortgage fees and related income. The provision for credit losses was $3.5 billion, compared with $335 million in the prior year. The current-year provision reflected a $1.3 billion reduction in the allowance for loan losses and total net charge-offs of $4.8 billion. The prior-year provision reflected a $5.5 billion reduction in the allowance for loan losses and total net charge-offs of $5.8 billion. Noninterest expense was $25.6 billion, a decrease of 8% from the prior year, driven by lower Mortgage Banking expense. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   85 Management’s discussion and analysis Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in millions, except headcount) 2015   2014   2013 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Total assets $ 502,652   $ 455,634   $ 452,929 Trading assets – loans (a) 5,953   8,423   6,832 Loans:           Loans retained 445,316   396,288   393,351 Loans held-for-sale (b) 542   3,416   940 Total loans 445,858   399,704   394,291 Core loans 341,881   273,494   246,751 Deposits 557,645   502,520   464,412 Equity (c) 51,000   51,000   46,000 Selected balance sheet data (average)           Total assets $ 472,972   $ 447,750   $ 456,468 Trading assets – loans (a) 7,484   8,040   15,603 Loans:           Loans retained 414,518   389,967   392,797 Loans held-for-sale  (d) 2,062   917   209 Total loans $ 416,580   $ 390,884   $ 393,006 Core loans 301,700   253,803   234,135 Deposits 530,938   486,919   453,304 Equity (c) 51,000   51,000   46,000             Headcount 127,094   137,186   151,333 (a) Predominantly consists of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value. (b) Included period-end credit card loans held-for-sale of $76 million, $3.0 billion and $326 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These amounts were excluded when calculating delinquency rates and the allowance for loan losses to period-end loans. (c) Equity is allocated to the sub-business segments with $5.0 billion and $3.0 billion of capital in 2015 and 2014, respectively, held at the CCB level related to legacy mortgage servicing matters. (d) Included average credit card loans held-for-sale of $1.6 billion, $509 million and $95 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These amounts are excluded when calculating the net charge-off rate.   Selected metrics     As of or for the year ended December 31,       (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2015 2014 2013 Credit data and quality statistics     Net charge-offs (a) $ 4,084 $ 4,773 $ 5,826 Nonaccrual loans (b)(c) 5,313 6,401 7,455 Nonperforming assets (b)(c) 5,635 6,872 8,109 Allowance for loan losses (a) 9,165 10,404 12,201 Net charge-off rate (a) 0.99 % 1.22 % 1.48 % Net charge-off rate,   excluding PCI loans 1.10 1.40 1.73 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained 2.06 2.63 3.10 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained,   excluding PCI loans (d) 1.59 2.02 2.36 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans retained, excluding credit card (b)(d) 57 58 57 Nonaccrual loans to total period-end loans, excluding credit card 1.69 2.38 2.80 Nonaccrual loans to total period-end loans, excluding credit card and PCI loans (b) 1.94 2.88 3.49 Business metrics       Number of:       Branches 5,413 5,602 5,630 ATMs 17,777 18,056 20,290 Active online customers (in thousands) (e) 39,242 36,396 33,742 Active mobile customers (in thousands) 22,810 19,084 15,629 CCB households (in millions) 57.8 57.2 56.7 (a) Net charge-offs and the net charge-off rates excluded  $208 million ,  $533 million , and $53 million of write-offs in the PCI portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These write-offs decreased the allowance for loan losses for PCI loans. For further information on PCI write-offs, see Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 130–132 . (b) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as all of the pools are performing. (c) At December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $6.3 billion, $7.8 billion and $8.4 billion, respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (“FFELP”) of $290 million, $367 million and $428 million respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (3) real estate owned (“REO”) insured by U.S. government agencies of $343 million, $462 million and $2.0 billion, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (d) The allowance for loan losses for PCI loans of $2.7 billion, $3.3 billion and $4.2 billion at December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively; these amounts were also excluded from the applicable ratios. (e) Users of all internet browsers and mobile platforms (mobile smartphone, tablet and SMS) who have logged in within the past 90 days. 86   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Consumer & Business Banking Selected income statement data         As of or for the year ended December 31,   (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Lending- and deposit-related fees $ 3,112   $ 3,010   $ 2,942 Asset management, administration and commissions 2,097   2,025   1,815 Card income 1,721   1,605   1,495 All other income 611   534   492 Noninterest revenue 7,541   7,174   6,744 Net interest income 10,442   11,052   10,668 Total net revenue 17,983   18,226   17,412             Provision for credit losses 254   305   347             Noninterest expense 11,916   12,149   12,162 Income before income tax expense 5,813   5,772   4,903 Net income $ 3,581   $ 3,443   $ 2,943 Return on common equity 30 %   31 %   26 % Overhead ratio 66   67   70 Equity (period-end and average) $ 11,500   $ 11,000   $ 11,000 2015 compared with 2014 Consumer & Business Banking  net income was $3.6 billion, an increase of 4% compared with the prior year. Net revenue was $18.0 billion, down 1% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $10.4 billion, down 6% due to deposit spread compression, largely offset by higher deposit balances. Noninterest revenue was $7.5 billion, up 5%, driven by higher debit card revenue, reflecting an increase in transaction volume, higher deposit-related fees as a result of an increase in customer accounts and a gain on the sale of a branch. Noninterest expense was $11.9 billion, a decrease of 2% from the prior year, driven by lower headcount-related expense due to branch efficiencies, partially offset by higher legal expense. 2014 compared with 2013 Consumer & Business Banking  net income was $3.4 billion, an increase of 17%, compared with the prior year, due t o higher net revenue. Net revenue was $18.2 billion, up 5% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $11.1 billion, up 4% compared with the prior year, driven by higher deposit balances, largely offset by deposit spread compression. Noninterest revenue was $7.2 billion, up 6%, driven by higher investment revenue, reflecting an increase in client investment assets, higher debit card revenue, reflecting an increase in transaction volume, and higher deposit-related fees as a result of an increase in customer accounts.   Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Business metrics           Business banking origination volume $ 6,775   $ 6,599   $ 5,148 Period-end loans 22,730   21,200   19,416 Period-end deposits:           Checking 246,448   213,049   187,182 Savings 279,897   255,148   238,223 Time and other 18,063   21,349   26,022 Total period-end deposits 544,408   489,546   451,427 Average loans 21,894   20,152   18,844 Average deposits:           Checking 226,713   198,996   176,005 Savings 269,057   249,281   229,341 Time and other 19,452   24,057   29,227 Total average deposits 515,222   472,334   434,573 Deposit margin 1.90 %   2.21 %   2.32 % Average assets $ 41,457   $ 38,298   $ 37,174 Credit data and quality statistics         Net charge-offs $ 253   $ 305   $ 337 Net charge-off rate 1.16 %   1.51 %   1.79 % Allowance for loan losses $ 703   $ 703   $ 707 Nonperforming assets 270   286   391 Retail branch business metrics         Net new investment assets $ 11,852   $ 16,088   $ 16,006 Client investment assets 218,551   213,459   188,840 % managed accounts 41 %   39 %   36 % Number of:           Chase Private Client locations 2,764   2,514   2,149 Personal bankers 18,041   21,039   23,588 Sales specialists 3,539   3,994   5,740 Client advisors 2,931   3,090   3,044 Chase Private Clients 441,369   325,653   215,888 Accounts (in thousands) (a) 31,342   30,481   29,437 (a) Includes checking accounts and Chase Liquid ®  cards. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   87 Management’s discussion and analysis Mortgage Banking Selected Financial statement data As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Mortgage fees and related income (a) $ 2,511   $ 3,560   $ 5,195 All other income (65 )   37   283 Noninterest revenue 2,446   3,597   5,478 Net interest income 4,371   4,229   4,758 Total net revenue 6,817   7,826   10,236             Provision for credit losses (690 )   (217 )   (2,681 )             Noninterest expense 4,607   5,284   7,602 Income before income tax expense 2,900   2,759   5,315 Net income $ 1,778   $ 1,668   $ 3,211             Return on common equity 10 %   9 %   16 % Overhead ratio 68   68   74 Equity (period-end and average) $ 16,000   $ 18,000   $ 19,500 (a) For further information on mortgage fees and related income, see Note 17. 2015 compared with 2014 Mortgage Banking  net income was $1.8 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior year, driven by lower noninterest expense and a higher benefit from the provision for credit losses, predominantly offset by lower net revenue. Net revenue was $6.8 billion, a decrease of 13% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $4.4 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year, due to higher loan balances resulting from originations of high-quality loans that have been retained, partially offset by spread compression. Noninterest revenue was $2.4 billion, a decrease of 32% from the prior year. This decrease was driven by lower servicing revenue, largely as a result of lower average third-party loans serviced and lower net production revenue, reflecting a lower repurchase benefit. The provision for credit losses was a benefit of $690 million, compared to a benefit of $217 million in the prior year, reflecting a larger reduction in the allowance for loan losses and lower net charge-offs. The current-year provision reflected a $600 million reduction in the non credit-impaired allowance for loan losses and a $375 million reduction in the purchased credit-impaired allowance for loan losses; the prior-year provision included a $400 million reduction in the non credit-impaired allowance for loan losses and a $300 million reduction in the purchased credit-impaired allowance for loan losses. These reductions were due to continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies in both periods, as well as increased granularity in the impairment estimates in the current year. Noninterest expense was $4.6 billion, a decrease of 13% from the prior year, reflecting lower headcount-related expense and lower professional fees.   2014 compared with 2013 Mortgage Banking  net income was $1.7 billion, a decrease of 48%, from the prior year, driven by a lower benefit from the provision for credit losses and lower net revenue, partially offset by lower noninterest expense. Net revenue was $7.8 billion, a decrease of 24%, compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $4.2 billion, a decrease of 11%, driven by spread compression and lower loan balances due to portfolio runoff and lower warehouse balances. Noninterest revenue was $3.6 billion, a decrease of 34%, driven by lower net production revenue, largely reflecting lower volumes, lower servicing revenue, largely as a result of lower average third-party loans serviced, and lower revenue from an exited non-core product, largely offset by higher MSR risk management income and lower MSR asset amortization expense as a result of lower MSR asset value. See Note 17 for further information regarding changes in value of the MSR asset and related hedges, and mortgage fees and related income. The provision for credit losses was a benefit of $217 million, compared to a benefit of $2.7 billion in the prior year, reflecting a smaller reduction in the allowance for loan losses, partially offset by lower net charge-offs. The current-year provision reflected a $400 million reduction in the non credit-impaired allowance for loan losses and $300 million reduction in the purchased credit-impaired allowance for loan losses; the prior-year provision included a $2.3 billion reduction in the non credit-impaired allowance for loan losses and a $1.5 billion reduction in the purchased credit-impaired allowance for loan losses. These reductions were due to continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies. Noninterest expense was $5.3 billion, a decrease of 30%, from the prior year, reflecting lower headcount-related expense, the absence of non-mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) related legal expense, lower expense on foreclosure-related matters, and lower FDIC-related expense. Supplemental information         For the year ended December 31,           (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Net interest income:           Mortgage Production and Mortgage Servicing $ 575   $ 736   $ 887 Real Estate Portfolios 3,796   3,493   3,871 Total net interest income $ 4,371   $ 4,229   $ 4,758             Noninterest expense:           Mortgage Production $ 1,491   $ 1,644   3,083 Mortgage Servicing 2,041   2,267   2,966 Real Estate Portfolios 1,075   1,373   1,553 Total noninterest expense $ 4,607   $ 5,284   $ 7,602 88   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Selected balance sheet data         As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Trading assets – loans (period-end) (a) $ 5,953   $ 8,423   $ 6,832 Trading assets – loans (average) (a) 7,484   8,040   15,603             Loans, excluding PCI loans         Period-end loans owned           Home equity 43,745   50,899   57,863 Prime mortgage, including option adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”) 134,361   80,414   65,213 Subprime mortgage 3,732   5,083   7,104 Other 398   477   551 Total period-end loans owned 182,236   136,873   130,731 Average loans owned           Home equity 47,216   54,410   62,369 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 107,723   71,491   61,597 Subprime mortgage 4,434   6,257   7,687 Other 436   511   588 Total average loans owned 159,809   132,669   132,241             PCI loans           Period-end loans owned           Home equity 14,989   17,095   18,927 Prime mortgage 8,893   10,220   12,038 Subprime mortgage 3,263   3,673   4,175 Option ARMs 13,853   15,708   17,915 Total period-end loans owned 40,998   46,696   53,055 Average loans owned           Home equity 16,045   18,030   19,950 Prime mortgage 9,548   11,257   12,909 Subprime mortgage 3,442   3,921   4,416 Option ARMs 14,711   16,794   19,236 Total average loans owned 43,746   50,002   56,511             Total Mortgage Banking           Period-end loans owned           Home equity 58,734   67,994   76,790 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 157,107   106,342   95,166 Subprime mortgage 6,995   8,756   11,279 Other 398   477   551 Total period-end loans owned 223,234   183,569   183,786 Average loans owned           Home equity 63,261   72,440   82,319 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 131,982   99,542   93,742 Subprime mortgage 7,876   10,178   12,103 Other 436   511   588 Total average loans owned 203,555   182,671   188,752 (a) Predominantly consists of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value.   Credit data and quality statistics         As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Net charge-offs/(recoveries), excluding PCI loans (a)           Home equity $ 283   $ 473   $ 966 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 48   28   53 Subprime mortgage (53 )   (27 )   90 Other 7   9   10 Total net charge-offs/(recoveries), excluding PCI loans 285   483   1,119 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate, excluding PCI loans           Home equity 0.60 %   0.87 %   1.55 % Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 0.04   0.04   0.09 Subprime mortgage (1.22 )   (0.43 )   1.17 Other 1.61   1.76   1.70 Total net charge-off/(recovery) rate, excluding PCI loans 0.18   0.37   0.85 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate – reported (a)           Home equity 0.45   0.65   1.17 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 0.04   0.03   0.06 Subprime mortgage (0.68 )   (0.27 )   0.74 Other 1.61   1.76   1.70 Total net charge-off/(recovery) rate – reported 0.14   0.27   0.59             30+ day delinquency rate, excluding PCI loans (b)(c) 1.57   2.61   3.55 Allowance for loan losses, excluding PCI loans $ 1,588   $ 2,188   $ 2,588 Allowance for PCI loans (a) 2,742   3,325   4,158 Allowance for loan losses 4,330   5,513   6,746 Nonperforming assets (d)(e) 4,971   6,175   7,438 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained 1.94 %   3.01 %   3.68 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding PCI loans 0.87   1.60   1.99 (a) Net charge-offs and the net charge-off rates excluded $208 million, $533 million and $53 million of write-offs in the PCI portfolio for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and 2013, respectively. These write-offs decreased the allowance for loan losses for PCI loans. For further information on PCI write-offs, see Allowance for Credit Losses on  pages 130–132 . (b) At  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and 2013, excluded mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $8.4 billion $9.7 billion and $9.6 billion, respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. For further discussion, see Note 14 which summarizes loan delinquency information. (c) The 30+ day delinquency rate for PCI loans was 11.21%, 13.33% and 15.31% at  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and 2013, respectively. (d) At  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and 2013, nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $6.3 billion, $7.8 billion and $8.4 billion, respectively, that are 90 or more days past due and (2) REO insured by U.S. government agencies of $343 million, $462 million and $2.0 billion, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (e) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as all of the pools are performing. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   89 Management’s discussion and analysis Business metrics           As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in billions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Mortgage origination volume by channel           Retail $ 36.1   $ 29.5   77.0 Correspondent 70.3   48.5   88.5 Total mortgage origination volume (a) 106.4   78.0   165.5             Total loans serviced (period-end) 910.1   948.8   1,017.2 Third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) 674.0   751.5   815.5 Third-party mortgage loans serviced (average) 715.4   784.6   837.3 MSR carrying value (period-end) 6.6   7.4   9.6 Ratio of MSR carrying value (period-end) to third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) 0.98 %   0.98 %   1.18 % Ratio of annualized loan servicing-related revenue to third-party mortgage loans serviced (average) 0.35   0.36   0.40 MSR revenue multiple (b) 2.80 x   2.72 x             2.95x (a) Firmwide mortgage origination volume was $115.2 billion, $83.3 billion and $176.4. billion for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and 2013, respectively. (b) Represents the ratio of MSR carrying value (period-end) to third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) divided by the ratio of loan servicing-related revenue to third-party mortgage loans serviced (average).   Mortgage servicing-related matters The financial crisis resulted in unprecedented levels of delinquencies and defaults of 1–4 family residential real estate loans. Such loans required varying degrees of loss mitigation activities. Foreclosure is usually a last resort, and accordingly, the Firm has made, and continues to make, significant efforts to help borrowers remain in their homes. The Firm entered into various Consent Orders and settlements with federal and state governmental agencies and private parties related to mortgage servicing, origination, and residential mortgage-backed securities activities. The requirements of these Consent Orders and settlements vary, but in the aggregate, include cash compensatory payments (in addition to fines) and/or “borrower relief,” which may include principal reduction, refinancing, short sale assistance, and other specified types of borrower relief. Other obligations required under certain Consent Orders and settlements, as well as under new regulatory requirements, include enhanced mortgage servicing and foreclosure standards and processes. On June 11, 2015, the Firm signed the Second Amended Mortgage Banking Consent Order (the “Amended OCC Consent Order”) with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”), which focused on ten remaining open items from the original mortgage-servicing Consent Order entered into with the OCC in April 2011 and imposed certain business restrictions on the Firm’s mortgage banking activities. The Firm completed its work on those items, and on January 4, 2016, the OCC terminated the Amended OCC Consent Order and lifted the mortgage business restrictions. The Firm remains under the mortgage-servicing Consent Order entered into with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”) on April 13, 2011, as amended on February 28, 2013 (the “Federal Reserve Consent Order”). The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will provide governance and oversight of the Federal Reserve Consent Order in 2016. The Federal Reserve Consent Order and certain other mortgage-related settlements are the subject of ongoing reporting to various regulators and independent overseers. The Firm’s compliance with certain of these settlements is detailed in periodic reports published by the independent overseers. The Firm is committed to fulfilling all of these commitments with appropriate due diligence and oversight. 90   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto Selected income statement data As of or for the year  ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Card income $ 3,769   $ 4,173   $ 4,289 All other income 1,836   993   1,041 Noninterest revenue 5,605   5,166   5,330 Net interest income 13,415   13,150   13,559 Total net revenue 19,020 18,316 18,889             Provision for credit losses 3,495   3,432   2,669             Noninterest expense (a) 8,386   8,176   8,078 Income before income tax expense 7,139   6,708   8,142 Net income $ 4,430 $ 4,074 $ 4,907             Return on common equity 23 %   21 %   31 % Overhead ratio 44   45   43 Equity (period-end and average) $ 18,500   $ 19,000   $ 15,500 Note: Chase Commerce Solutions, formerly known as Merchant Services, includes Chase Paymentech, ChaseNet and Chase Offers businesses. (a) Included operating lease depreciation expense of $1.4 billion, $1.2 billion and $972 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 2015 compared with 2014 Card  net income was $4.4 billion, an increase of 9% compared with the prior year, driven by higher net revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $19.0 billion, an increase of 4% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $13.4 billion, up 2% from the prior year, driven by higher loan balances and improved credit quality including lower reversals of interest and fees due to lower net charge-offs in Credit Card and a reduction in the reserve for uncollectible interest and fees, partially offset by spread compression. Noninterest revenue was $5.6 billion, up 8% compared with the prior year, driven by higher auto lease and card sales volumes, the impact of non-core portfolio exits in the prior year and a gain on the investment in Square, Inc. upon its initial public offering, largely offset by the impact of renegotiated co-brand partnership agreements and higher amortization of new account origination costs.   The provision for credit losses was $3.5 billion, an increase of 2% compared with the prior year, reflecting a lower reduction in the allowance for loan losses, predominantly offset by lower net charge-offs. The current-year provision reflected a $51 million reduction in the allowance for loan losses, primarily due to runoff in the student loan portfolio. The prior-year provision included a $554 million reduction in the allowance for loan losses, primarily related to a decrease in the asset-specific allowance resulting from increased granularity of the impairment estimates and lower balances related to credit card loans modified in troubled debt restructurings (“TDRs”), runoff in the student loan portfolio and lower estimated losses in auto loans. Noninterest expense was $8.4 billion, up 3% from the prior year, driven by higher auto lease depreciation and higher marketing expense, partially offset by lower legal expense. 2014 compared with 2013 Card  net income was $4.1 billion, a decrease of 17%, compared with the prior year, predominantly driven by higher provision for credit losses and lower net revenue. Net revenue was $18.3 billion, down 3% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $13.2 billion, a decrease of 3% from the prior year, primarily driven by spread compression in Credit Card and Auto, partially offset by higher average loan balances. Noninterest revenue was $5.2 billion, down 3% from the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by higher amortization of new account origination costs and the impact of non-core portfolio exits, largely offset by higher auto lease income and net interchange income from higher sales volume. The provision for credit losses was $3.4 billion, compared with $2.7 billion in the prior year. The current-year provision reflected lower net charge-offs and a $554 million reduction in the allowance for loan losses. The reduction in the allowance for loan losses was primarily related to a decrease in the asset-specific allowance resulting from increased granularity of the impairment estimates and lower balances related to credit card loans modified in TDRs, runoff in the student loan portfolio, and lower estimated losses in auto loans. The prior-year provision included a $1.7 billion reduction in the allowance for loan losses. Noninterest expense was $8.2 billion, up 1% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher auto lease depreciation expense and higher investment in controls, predominantly offset by lower intangible amortization and lower remediation costs. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   91 Management’s discussion and analysis Selected metrics As of or for the year  ended December 31,  (in millions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2015   2014   2013 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Loans:           Credit Card $ 131,463   $ 131,048   $ 127,791 Auto 60,255   54,536   52,757 Student 8,176   9,351   10,541 Total loans $ 199,894   $ 194,935   $ 191,089 Auto operating lease assets  9,182   6,690   5,512 Selected balance sheet  data (average)           Total assets $ 206,765   $ 202,609   $ 198,265 Loans:           Credit Card 125,881   125,113   123,613 Auto 56,487   52,961   50,748 Student 8,763   9,987   11,049 Total loans $ 191,131   $ 188,061   $ 185,410 Auto operating lease assets 7,807   6,106   5,102 Business metrics           Credit Card, excluding Commercial Card           Sales volume (in billions) $ 495.9   $ 465.6   $ 419.5 New accounts opened 8.7   8.8   7.3 Open accounts 59.3   64.6   65.3 Accounts with sales activity 33.8   34.0   32.3 % of accounts acquired online 67 %   56 %   55 % Commerce Solutions           Merchant processing volume (in billions) $ 949.3   $ 847.9   $ 750.1 Total transactions (in billions) 42.0   38.1   35.6 Auto           Loan and lease origination volume (in billions) 32.4   27.5   26.1   The following are brief descriptions of selected business metrics within Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto. Card Services  includes the Credit Card and Commerce Solutions businesses. Commerce Solutions  is a business that primarily processes transactions for merchants. Total transactions  – Number of transactions and authorizations processed for merchants. Sales volume  – Dollar amount of cardmember purchases, net of returns. Open accounts  – Cardmember accounts with charging privileges. Accounts with sales activity  –   represents the number of cardmember accounts with a sales transaction within the past month. Auto origination volume  – Dollar amount of auto loans and leases originated. 92   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Selected metrics As of or for the year  ended December 31,  (in millions, except ratios)   2015   2014   2013 Credit data and quality statistics             Net charge-offs:             Credit Card   $ 3,122   $ 3,429   $ 3,879 Auto   214   181   158 Student   210   375   333 Total net charge-offs   $ 3,546   $ 3,985   $ 4,370 Net charge-off rate:             Credit Card (a)   2.51 %   2.75 %   3.14 % Auto   0.38   0.34   0.31 Student   2.40   3.75   3.01 Total net charge-off rate   1.87   2.12   2.36 Delinquency rates             30+ day delinquency rate:             Credit Card (b)   1.43   1.44   1.67 Auto   1.35   1.23   1.15 Student (c)   1.81   2.35   2.56 Total 30+ day delinquency rate   1.42   1.42   1.58 90+ day delinquency rate – Credit Card (b)   0.72   0.70   0.80 Nonperforming assets (d)   $ 394   $ 411   $ 280 Allowance for loan losses:             Credit Card   $ 3,434   $ 3,439   $ 3,795 Auto & Student   698   749   953 Total allowance for loan losses   $ 4,132   $ 4,188   $ 4,748 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans:             Credit Card (b)   2.61 %   2.69 %   2.98 % Auto & Student   1.02   1.17   1.51 Total allowance for loan losses to period-end loans   2.07   2.18   2.49 (a) Average credit card loans included loans held-for-sale of $1.6 billion, $509 million and $95 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These amounts are excluded when calculating the net charge-off rate. (b) Period-end credit card loans included loans held-for-sale of $76 million,$3.0 billion and $326 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These amounts were excluded when calculating delinquency rates and the allowance for loan losses to period-end loans. (c) Excluded student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of $526 million, $654 million and $737 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (d) Nonperforming assets excluded student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of $290 million, $367 million and $428 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, that are 90 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded from nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee.   Card Services supplemental information Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Noninterest revenue $ 3,673   $ 3,593   $ 3,977 Net interest income 11,845   11,462   11,638 Total net revenue 15,518   15,055   15,615             Provision for credit losses 3,122   3,079   2,179             Noninterest expense 6,065   6,152   6,245 Income before income tax expense 6,331   5,824   7,191 Net income $ 3,930   $ 3,547   $ 4,340             Percentage of average loans:           Noninterest revenue 2.92 %   2.87 %   3.22 % Net interest income 9.41   9.16   9.41 Total net revenue 12.33   12.03   12.63 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   93 Management’s discussion and analysis CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANK The Corporate & Investment Bank, which consists of Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Treasury Services, which provides transaction services, consisting of cash management and liquidity solutions. Markets & Investor Services is a global market-maker in cash securities and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets & Investor Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31,   (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Investment banking fees $ 6,736   $ 6,570   $ 6,331 Principal transactions (a) 9,905   8,947   9,289 Lending- and deposit-related fees 1,573   1,742   1,884 Asset management, administration and commissions 4,467   4,687   4,713 All other income 1,012   1,474   1,519 Noninterest revenue 23,693   23,420   23,736 Net interest income 9,849   11,175   10,976 Total net revenue (b) 33,542   34,595   34,712             Provision for credit losses 332   (161 )   (232 )             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 9,973   10,449   10,835 Noncompensation expense 11,388   12,824   10,909 Total noninterest expense 21,361   23,273   21,744 Income before income tax expense 11,849   11,483   13,200 Income tax expense 3,759   4,575   4,350 Net income $ 8,090   $ 6,908   $ 8,850 (a) Included FVA and debt valuation adjustment (“DVA”) on OTC derivatives and structured notes, measured at fair value. FVA and   DVA gains/(losses) were $687 million and $468 million and $(1.9) billion for the years ended  December 31, 2015 , 2014 and 2013, respectively. (b) Included tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly due to income tax credits related to alternative energy investments; income tax credits and amortization of the cost of investments in affordable housing projects; as well as tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments of $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.   Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Financial ratios           Return on common equity 12 %   10 %   15 % Overhead ratio 64   67   63 Compensation expense as percentage of total net  revenue 30   30   31 Revenue by business           Investment banking (a) 6,376   6,122   5,922 Treasury Services (b) 3,631   3,728   3,693 Lending (b) 1,461   1,547   2,147 Total Banking (a) 11,468   11,397   11,762 Fixed Income Markets (a) 12,592   14,075   15,976 Equity Markets (a) 5,694   5,044   4,994 Securities Services 3,777   4,351   4,100 Credit Adjustments & Other (c) 11   (272 )   (2,120 ) Total Markets & Investor  Service (a) 22,074   23,198   22,950 Total net revenue $ 33,542   $ 34,595   $ 34,712 (a) Effective in 2015, Investment banking revenue (formerly Investment banking fees) incorporates all revenue associated with investment banking activities, and is reported net of investment banking revenue shared with other lines of business; previously such shared revenue had been reported in Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Effective in 2015, Trade Finance revenue was transferred from Treasury Services to Lending. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (c) Consists primarily of credit valuation adjustments (“CVA”) managed by the credit portfolio group, and FVA and DVA on OTC derivatives and structured notes. Results are presented net of associated hedging activities and net of CVA and FVA amounts allocated to Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. 94   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report 2015 compared with 2014  Net income was $8.1 billion, up 17% compared with $6.9 billion in the prior year. The increase primarily reflected lower income tax expenses largely reflecting the release in 2015 of U.S. deferred taxes associated with the restructuring of certain non-U.S. entities and lower noninterest expense partially offset by lower net revenue, both driven by business simplification, as well as higher provisions for credit losses. Banking revenue was $11.5 billion, up 1% versus the prior year. Investment banking revenue was $6.4 billion, up 4% from the prior year, driven by higher advisory fees, partially offset by lower debt and equity underwriting fees. Advisory fees were $2.1 billion, up 31% on a greater share of fees for completed transactions as well as growth in the industry-wide fee levels. The Firm maintained its #2 ranking for M&A, according to Dealogic. Debt underwriting fees were $3.2 billion, down 6%, primarily related to lower bond underwriting and loan syndication fees on lower industry-wide fee levels. The Firm ranked #1 globally in fee share across high grade, high yield and loan products. Equity underwriting fees were $1.4 billion, down 9%, driven by lower industry-wide fee levels. The Firm was #1 in equity underwriting fees in 2015, up from #3 in 2014. Treasury Services revenue was $3.6 billion, down 3% compared with the prior year, primarily driven by lower net interest income. Lending revenue was $1.5 billion, down 6% from the prior year, driven by lower trade finance revenue on lower loan balances. Markets & Investor Services revenue was $22.1 billion, down 5% from the prior year. Fixed Income Markets revenue was $12.6 billion, down 11% from the prior year, primarily driven by the impact of business simplification as well as lower revenue in credit-related products on an industry-wide slowdown, partially offset by increased revenue in Rates and Currencies & Emerging Markets on higher client activity. The lower Fixed Income revenue also reflected higher interest costs on higher long-term debt. Equity Markets revenue was $5.7 billion, up 13%, primarily driven by higher equity derivatives revenue across all regions. Securities Services revenue was $3.8 billion, down 13% from the prior year, driven by lower fees as well as lower net interest income.  The provision for credit losses was $332 million, compared to a benefit of $161 million in the prior year, reflecting a higher allowance for credit losses, including the impact of select downgrades within the Oil & Gas portfolio. Noninterest expense was $21.4 billion, down 8% compared with the prior year, driven by the impact of business simplification as well as lower legal and compensation expenses.    2014 compared with 2013 Net income was $6.9 billion, down 22% compared with $8.9 billion in the prior year. These results primarily reflected higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $34.6 billion, flat compared with the prior year. Banking revenue was $11.4 billion, down 3% from the prior year. Investment banking revenue was $6.1 billion, up 3% from the prior year. The increase was driven by higher advisory and equity underwriting fees, partially offset by lower debt underwriting fees. Advisory fees were $1.6 billion, up 24% on stronger share of fees for completed transactions as well as growth in the industry-wide fee levels, according to Dealogic. Equity underwriting fees were $1.6 billion, up 5%, driven by higher industry-wide issuance. Debt underwriting fees were $3.4 billion, down 4%, primarily related to lower loan syndication fees on lower industry-wide fee levels and lower bond underwriting fees. The Firm also ranked #1 globally in fees and volumes share across high grade, high yield and loan products. The Firm maintained its #2 ranking for M&A, and improved share of fees both globally and in the U.S. compared with the prior year. Treasury Services revenue was $3.7 billion, up 1% compared with the prior year, primarily driven by higher net interest income from increased deposits, largely offset by business simplification initiatives. Lending revenue was $1.5 billion, down from $2.1 billion in the prior year, driven by losses, compared with gains in the prior periods, on securities received from restructured loans, as well as lower net interest income and lower trade finance revenue. Markets & Investor Services revenue was $23.2 billion, up 1% from the prior year. Fixed Income Markets revenue was $14.1 billion, down 12% from the prior year, driven by lower revenues in Fixed Income primarily from credit-related and rates products as well as the impact of business simplification. Equity Markets revenue was $5.0 billion, up 1% as higher prime services revenue was partially offset by lower equity derivatives revenue. Securities Services revenue was $4.4 billion, up 6% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher net interest income on increased deposits and higher fees and commissions. Credit Adjustments & Other revenue was a loss of $272 million, driven by net CVA losses partially offset by gains, net of hedges, related to FVA/DVA. The prior year was a loss of $2.1 billion (including the FVA implementation loss of $1.5 billion and DVA losses of $452 million). Noninterest expense was $23.3 billion, up 7% compared with the prior year as a result of higher legal expense and investment in controls. This was partially offset by lower performance-based compensation expense as well as the impact of business simplification.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   95 Management’s discussion and analysis Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended  December 31, (in millions, except headcount)   2015   2014   2013 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Assets $ 748,691   $ 861,466   $ 843,248 Loans:           Loans retained (a) 106,908   96,409   95,627 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 3,698   5,567   11,913 Total loans 110,606   101,976   107,540 Core Loans 110,084   100,772   101,376 Equity 62,000   61,000   56,500 Selected balance sheet data (average)           Assets $ 824,208   $ 854,712   $ 859,071 Trading assets-debt and equity instruments 302,514   317,535   321,585 Trading assets-derivative receivables 67,263   64,833   70,353 Loans:           Loans retained (a) 98,331   95,764   104,864 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 4,572   7,599   5,158 Total loans 102,903   103,363   110,022 Core Loans 99,231   102,604   108,199 Equity 62,000   61,000   56,500             Headcount (b) 49,067   50,965   52,082 (a) Loans retained includes credit portfolio loans, loans held by consolidated Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, trade finance loans, other held-for-investment loans and overdrafts. (b) Effective in 2015, certain technology staff were transferred from CIB to CB; previously-reported headcount has been revised to conform with the current period presentation. As the related expense for these staff is not material, prior period expenses have not been revised. Prior to 2015, compensation expense related to this headcount was recorded in the CIB, with an allocation to CB (reported in noncompensation expense); commencing with 2015, such expense is recorded as compensation expense in CB and accordingly total noninterest expense related to this headcount in both CB and CIB remains unchanged.   Selected metrics           As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios)   2015   2014   2013 Credit data and quality statistics           Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ (19 )   $ (12 )   $ (78 ) Nonperforming assets:           Nonaccrual loans:           Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 428   110   163 Nonaccrual loans   held-for-sale and loans at fair value 10   11   180 Total nonaccrual loans 438   121   343 Derivative receivables 204   275   415 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 62   67   80 Total nonperforming assets 704   463   838 Allowance for credit losses:           Allowance for loan losses 1,258   1,034   1,096 Allowance for lending-related commitments 569   439   525 Total allowance for credit losses 1,827   1,473   1,621 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (0.02 )%   (0.01 )%   0.07 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans  retained 1.18   1.07   1.15 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits (b) 1.88   1.82   2.02 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans  retained (a) 294   940   672 Nonaccrual loans to total period-end loans 0.40   0.12   0.32 (a) Allowance for loan losses of $177 million, $18 million and $51 million were held against these nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. (b) Management uses allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits, a non-GAAP financial measure, to provide a more meaningful assessment of CIB’s allowance coverage ratio.   Business metrics              Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Advisory $ 2,133   $ 1,627   $ 1,315 Equity underwriting 1,434   1,571   1,499 Debt underwriting 3,169   3,372   3,517 Total investment banking fees $ 6,736   $ 6,570   $ 6,331 96   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   League table results – wallet share   League table results – volumes               2015   2014   2013     2015   2014   2013     Year ended December 31, Fee Share Rankings   Fee Share Rankings   Fee Share Rankings   Year ended December 31, Market Share Rankings   Market Share Rankings   Market Share Rankings     Based on fees (a)                   Based on volume (f)                     Debt, equity and equity-related                   Debt, equity and equity-related                     Global 7.7% #1   7.6% #1   8.3% #1   Global 6.8% #1   6.8% #1   7.3% #1     U.S. 11.6 1   10.7 1   11.4 1   U.S. 11.3 1   11.8 1   11.9 1     Long-term debt (b)                   Long-term debt (b)                     Global 8.3 1   8.0 1   8.2 1   Global 6.8 1   6.7 1   7.2 1     U.S. 11.9 1   11.7 1   11.5 2   U.S. 10.8 1   11.3 1   11.8 1     Equity and equity-related                   Equity and equity-related                     Global (c) 7.0 1   7.1 3   8.4 2   Global (c) 7.2 3   7.5 3   8.2 2     U.S. 11.1 1   9.6 3   11.2 2   U.S. 12.4 1   11.0 2   12.1 2     M&A (d)                   M&A announced (d)                     Global 8.5 2   8.0 2   7.5 2   Global 30.1 3   20.5 2   24.1 2     U.S. 10.0 2   9.7 2   8.7 2   U.S. 36.7 2   25.2 3   36.9 1     Loan syndications                   Loan syndications                     Global 7.6 1   9.3 1   9.9 1   Global 10.5 1   12.3 1   11.6 1     U.S. 10.7 2   13.1 1   13.8 1   U.S. 16.8 #1   19.0 #1   17.8 #1     Global Investment Banking fees  (a)(e) 7.9% #1   8.0% #1   8.5% #1                                                                  (a)  Source: Dealogic. Reflects the ranking of revenue wallet and market share.  (b)  Long-term debt rankings include investment-grade, high-yield, supranationals, sovereigns, agencies, covered bonds, asset-backed securities (“ABS”) and MBS; and exclude         money market, short-term debt, and U.S. municipal securities.  (c)  Global equity and equity-related rankings include rights offerings and Chinese A-Shares.  (d)  M&A and Announced M&A rankings reflect the removal of any withdrawn transactions. U.S. M&A revenue wallet represents wallet from client parents based in the U.S. U.S.          announced M&A volumes represents any U.S. involvement ranking.  (e)  Global investment banking fees per Dealogic exclude money market, short-term debt and shelf deals.  (f)  Source: Dealogic. Reflects transaction volume and market share. Global announced M&A is based on transaction value at announcement; because of joint M&A          assignments, M&A market share of all participants will add up to more than 100%. All other transaction volume-based rankings are based on proceeds, with full credit to         each book manager/equal if joint.   Business metrics         As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2015   2014   2013 Market risk-related revenue – trading loss days (a) 9   9   0 Assets under custody (“AUC”) by asset class (period-end) in billions:           Fixed Income $ 12,042   $ 12,328   $ 11,903 Equity 6,194   6,524   6,913 Other (b) 1,707   1,697   1,669 Total AUC $ 19,943   $ 20,549   $ 20,485 Client deposits and other third party liabilities (average) (c) $ 395,297   $ 417,369   $ 383,667 Trade finance loans (period-end) 19,255   25,713   30,752 (a) Market risk-related revenue is defined as the change in value of: principal transactions revenue; trading-related net interest income; brokerage commissions, underwriting fees or other revenue; and revenue from syndicated lending facilities that the Firm intends to distribute; gains and losses from DVA and FVA are excluded. Market risk-related revenue–trading loss days represent the number of days for which the CIB posted losses under this measure. The loss days determined under this measure differ from the loss days that are determined based on the disclosure of market risk-related gains and losses for the Firm in the value-at-risk (“VaR”) back-testing discussion on pages 135–137. (b) Consists of mutual funds, unit investment trusts, currencies, annuities, insurance contracts, options and other contracts. (c) Client deposits and other third party liabilities pertain to the Treasury Services and Securities Services businesses. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   97 Management’s discussion and analysis International metrics         Year ended December 31,   (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Total net revenue (a)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 10,894   $ 11,598   $ 10,689 Asia/Pacific 4,901   4,698   4,736 Latin America/Caribbean 1,096   1,179   1,340 Total international net revenue 16,891   17,475   16,765 North America 16,651   17,120   17,947 Total net revenue $ 33,542   $ 34,595   $ 34,712             Loans (period-end) (a)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 24,622   $ 27,155   $ 29,392 Asia/Pacific 17,108   19,992   22,151 Latin America/Caribbean 8,609   8,950   8,362 Total international loans 50,339   56,097   59,905 North America 56,569   40,312   35,722 Total loans $ 106,908   $ 96,409   $ 95,627             Client deposits and other third-party liabilities (average) (a)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 141,062   $ 152,712   $ 143,807 Asia/Pacific 67,111   66,933   54,428 Latin America/Caribbean 23,070   22,360   15,301 Total international $ 231,243   $ 242,005   $ 213,536 North America 164,054   175,364   170,131 Total client deposits and other third-party liabilities $ 395,297   $ 417,369   $ 383,667             AUC (period-end) (in billions) (a)           North America $ 12,034   $ 11,987   $ 11,299 All other regions 7,909   8,562   9,186 Total AUC $ 19,943   $ 20,549   $ 20,485 (a) Total net revenue is based predominantly on the domicile of the client or location of the trading desk, as applicable. Loans outstanding (excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value), client deposits and other third-party liabilities, and AUC are based predominantly on the domicile of the client. 98   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report COMMERCIAL BANKING Commercial Banking delivers extensive industry knowledge, local   expertise and dedicated service to U.S. and U.S. multinational clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and nonprofit entities with annual revenue generally ranging from $20 million to $2 billion. In addition, CB provides financing to real estate investors and owners. Partnering with the Firm’s other businesses, CB provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management to meet its clients’ domestic and international financial needs. Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Lending- and deposit-related fees $ 944   $ 978   $ 1,033 Asset management, administration and commissions 88   92   116 All other income (a) 1,333   1,279   1,149 Noninterest revenue 2,365   2,349   2,298 Net interest income 4,520   4,533   4,794 Total net revenue (b) 6,885   6,882   7,092             Provision for credit losses 442   (189 )   85             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 1,238   1,203   1,115 Noncompensation expense 1,643   1,492   1,495 Total noninterest expense 2,881   2,695   2,610             Income before income tax expense 3,562   4,376   4,397 Income tax expense 1,371   1,741   1,749 Net income $ 2,191   $ 2,635   $ 2,648 (a) Includes revenue from investment banking products and commercial card transactions. (b) Total net revenue included tax-equivalent adjustments from income tax credits related to equity investments in designated community development entities that provide loans to qualified businesses in low-income communities, as well as tax-exempt income from municipal bond activities of  $493 million ,  $462 million  and  $407 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively.   2015  compared with  2014 Net income was $2.2 billion, a decrease of 17% compared with the prior year, driven by a higher provision for credit losses and higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $6.9 billion, flat compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $4.5 billion, flat compared with the prior year, with interest income from higher loan balances offset by spread compression. Noninterest revenue was $2.4 billion, flat compared with the prior year, with higher investment banking revenue offset by lower lending-related fees. Noninterest expense was $2.9 billion, an increase of 7% compared with the prior year, reflecting investment in controls. The provision for credit losses was $442 million, reflecting an increase in the allowance for credit losses for Oil & Gas exposure and other select downgrades. The prior year was a benefit of $189 million. 2014  compared with  2013 Net income was $2.6 billion, flat compared with the prior year, reflecting lower net revenue and higher noninterest expense, predominantly offset by a lower provision for credit losses. Net revenue was $6.9 billion, a decrease of 3% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $4.5 billion, a decrease of 5%, reflecting spread compression, the absence of proceeds received in the prior year from a lending-related workout, and lower purchase discounts recognized on loan repayments, partially offset by higher loan balances. Noninterest revenue was $2.3 billion, up 2%, reflecting higher investment banking revenue, largely offset by business simplification and lower lending fees. Noninterest expense was $2.7 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year, largely reflecting investments in controls. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   99 Management’s discussion and analysis CB product revenue consists of the following: Lending  includes a variety of financing alternatives, which are primarily provided on a secured basis; collateral includes receivables, inventory, equipment, real estate or other assets. Products include term loans, revolving lines of credit, bridge financing, asset-based structures, leases, and standby letters of credit. Treasury services  includes revenue from a broad range of products and services that enable CB clients to manage payments and receipts, as well as invest and manage funds. Investment banking  includes revenue from a range of products providing CB clients with sophisticated capital-raising alternatives, as well as balance sheet and risk management tools through advisory, equity underwriting, and loan syndications. Revenue from Fixed Income and Equity Markets products used by CB clients is also included. Investment banking revenue, gross, represents total revenue related to investment banking products sold to CB clients. Other  product revenue primarily includes tax-equivalent adjustments generated from Community Development Banking activities and certain income derived from principal transactions. CB is divided into four primary client segments: Middle Market Banking, Corporate Client Banking, Commercial Term Lending, and Real Estate Banking. Middle Market Banking  covers corporate, municipal and nonprofit clients, with annual revenue generally ranging between $20 million and $500 million. Corporate Client Banking  covers clients with annual revenue generally ranging between $500 million and $2 billion and focuses on clients that have broader investment banking needs. Commercial Term Lending  primarily provides term financing to real estate investors/owners for multifamily properties as well as office, retail and industrial properties.  Real Estate Banking  provides full-service banking to investors and developers of institutional-grade real estate investment properties. Other  primarily includes lending and investment-related activities within the Community Development Banking business.   Selected metrics         Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue by product           Lending (a) $ 3,429   $ 3,358   $ 3,730 Treasury services (a) 2,581   2,681   2,649 Investment banking 730   684   575 Other (a) 145   159   138 Total Commercial Banking net revenue $ 6,885   $ 6,882   $ 7,092             Investment banking revenue, gross $ 2,179   $ 1,986   $ 1,676             Revenue by client segment           Middle Market Banking (b) $ 2,742   $ 2,791   $ 3,015 Corporate Client Banking (b) 2,012   1,982   1,911 Commercial Term Lending 1,275   1,252   1,239 Real Estate Banking 494   495   561 Other 362   362   366 Total Commercial Banking net revenue $ 6,885   $ 6,882   $ 7,092             Financial ratios           Return on common equity 15 %   18 %   19 % Overhead ratio 42   39   37 (a) Effective in 2015, Commercial Card and Chase Commerce Solutions product revenue was transferred from Lending and Other, respectively, to Treasury Services. Prior period amounts were revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Effective in 2015, mortgage warehouse lending clients were transferred from Middle Market Banking to Corporate Client Banking. Prior period revenue, period-end loans, and average loans by client segment were revised to conform with the current period presentation. 100   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Selected metrics (continued) As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2015   2014   2013 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Total assets $ 200,700   $ 195,267   $ 190,782 Loans:           Loans retained 167,374   147,661   135,750 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 267   845   1,388 Total loans $ 167,641   $ 148,506   $ 137,138 Core loans 166,939   147,392   135,583 Equity 14,000   14,000   13,500             Period-end loans by client segment           Middle Market Banking (a) $ 51,362   $ 51,009   $ 50,702 Corporate Client Banking (a) 31,871   25,321   22,512 Commercial Term Lending 62,860   54,038   48,925 Real Estate Banking 16,211   13,298   11,024 Other 5,337   4,840   3,975 Total Commercial Banking loans $ 167,641   $ 148,506   $ 137,138             Selected balance sheet data (average)           Total assets $ 198,076   $ 191,857   $ 185,776 Loans:           Loans retained 157,389   140,982   131,100 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 492   782   930 Total loans $ 157,881   $ 141,764   $ 132,030 Core loans 156,975   140,390   130,141 Client deposits and other third-party liabilities 191,529   204,017   198,356 Equity 14,000   14,000   13,500             Average loans by client segment           Middle Market Banking (a) $ 51,303   $ 50,939   $ 50,236 Corporate Client Banking (a) 29,125   23,113   22,512 Commercial Term Lending 58,138   51,120   45,989 Real Estate Banking 14,320   12,080   9,582 Other 4,995   4,512   3,711 Total Commercial Banking loans $ 157,881   $ 141,764   $ 132,030             Headcount (b) 7,845   7,426   7,016 (a) Effective in 2015, mortgage warehouse lending clients were transferred from Middle Market Banking to Corporate Client Banking. Prior period revenue, period-end loans, and average loans by client segment were revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Effective in 2015, certain technology staff were transferred from CIB to CB; previously-reported headcount has been revised to conform with the current period presentation. As the related expense for these staff is not material, prior period expenses have not been revised. Prior to 2015, compensation expense related to this headcount was recorded in the CIB, with an allocation to CB (reported in noncompensation expense); commencing with 2015, such expense is recorded as compensation expense in CB and accordingly total noninterest expense related to this headcount in both CB and CIB remains unchanged.   Selected metrics (continued)         As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015   2014   2013 Credit data and quality statistics           Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 21   $ (7 )   $ 43 Nonperforming assets           Nonaccrual loans:           Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 375   317   471 Nonaccrual loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 18   14   43 Total nonaccrual loans 393   331   514             Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 8   10   15 Total nonperforming assets 401   341   529 Allowance for credit losses:           Allowance for loan losses 2,855   2,466   2,669 Allowance for lending-related commitments 198   165   142 Total allowance for credit losses 3,053   2,631   2,811             Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (b) 0.01 %   —   0.03 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans   retained 1.71   1.67   1.97 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans retained (a) 761   778   567 Nonaccrual loans to period-end total loans 0.23   0.22   0.37 (a) An allowance for loan losses of  $64 million ,  $45 million  and  $81 million  was held against nonaccrual loans retained at  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (b) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were excluded when calculating the net charge-off/(recovery) rate. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   101 Management’s discussion and analysis ASSET MANAGEMENT Asset Management, with client assets of $2.4 trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth management. AM clients include institutions, high-net-worth individuals and retail investors in many major markets throughout the world. AM offers investment management across most major asset classes including equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds. AM also offers multi-asset investment management, providing solutions for a broad range of clients’ investment needs. For Global Wealth Management clients, AM also provides retirement products and services, brokerage and banking services including trusts and estates, loans, mortgages and deposits. The majority of AM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios  and headcount) 2015 2014 2013 Revenue       Asset management, administration and commissions $ 9,175 $ 9,024 $ 8,232 All other income 388 564 797 Noninterest revenue 9,563 9,588 9,029 Net interest income 2,556 2,440 2,376 Total net revenue 12,119 12,028 11,405         Provision for credit losses 4 4 65         Noninterest expense       Compensation expense 5,113 5,082 4,875 Noncompensation expense 3,773 3,456 3,141 Total noninterest expense 8,886 8,538 8,016         Income before income tax expense 3,229 3,486 3,324 Income tax expense 1,294 1,333 1,241 Net income $ 1,935 $ 2,153 $ 2,083         Revenue by line of business       Global Investment Management $ 6,301 $ 6,327 $ 5,951 Global Wealth Management 5,818 5,701 5,454 Total net revenue $ 12,119 $ 12,028 $ 11,405         Financial ratios       Return on common equity 21 % 23 % 23 % Overhead ratio 73 71 70 Pretax margin ratio:       Global Investment Management 31 31 32 Global Wealth Management 22 27 26 Asset Management 27 29 29         Headcount 20,975 19,735 20,048         Number of client advisors 2,778 2,836 2,962   2015  compared with  2014 Net income was $1.9 billion, a decrease of 10% compared with the prior year, reflecting higher noninterest expense, partially offset by higher net revenue . Net revenue was $12.1 billion, an increase of 1%. Net interest income was $2.6 billion, up 5%, driven by higher loan balances and spreads. Noninterest revenue was $9.6 billion, flat from last year, as net client inflows into assets under management and the impact of higher average market levels were predominantly offset by lower performance fees and the sale of Retirement Plan Services (“RPS”) in 2014. Revenue from Global Investment Management was $6.3 billion, flat from the prior year as the sale of RPS in 2014 and lower performance fees were largely offset by net client inflows. Revenue from Global Wealth Management was $5.8 billion, up 2% from the prior year due to higher net interest income from higher loan balances and spreads and net client inflows, partially offset by lower brokerage revenue. Noninterest expense was $8.9 billion, an increase of 4%, predominantly due to higher legal expense and investment in both infrastructure and controls. 2014  compared with  2013 Net income was $2.2 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year, reflecting higher net revenue and lower provision for credit losses, predominantly offset by higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $12.0 billion, an increase of 5% from the prior year. Noninterest revenue was $9.6 billion, up 6% from the prior year due to net client inflows and the effect of higher market levels, partially offset by lower valuations of seed capital investments. Net interest income was $2.4 billion, up 3% from the prior year due to higher loan and deposit balances, largely offset by spread compression. Revenue from Global Investment Management was $6.3 billion, up 6% due to net client inflows and the effect of higher market levels, partially offset by lower valuations of seed capital investments. Revenue from Global Wealth Management was $5.7 billion, up 5% from the prior year due to higher net interest income from loan and deposit balances and net client inflows, partially offset by spread compression and lower brokerage revenue. Noninterest expense was $8.5 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior year as the business continues to invest in both infrastructure and controls. 102   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report AM’s lines of business consist of the following: Global Investment Management  provides comprehensive global investment services, including asset management, pension analytics, asset-liability management and active risk-budgeting strategies. Global Wealth Management  offers investment advice and wealth management, including investment management, capital markets and risk management, tax and estate planning, banking, lending and specialty-wealth advisory services. AM’s client segments consist of the following: Private Banking  clients include high- and ultra-high-net-worth individuals, families, money managers, business owners and small corporations worldwide. Institutional  clients include both corporate and public institutions, endowments, foundations, nonprofit organizations and governments worldwide. Retail  clients include financial intermediaries and individual investors. J.P. Morgan Asset Management has two high-level measures of its overall fund performance. •  Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds rated 4- or 5-star:  Mutual fund rating services rank funds based on their risk-adjusted performance over various periods. A 5-star rating is the best rating and represents the top 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 4-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 3-star rating represents the next 35% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 2-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 1-star rating is the worst rating and represents the bottom 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. The  “ overall Morningstar rating ”  is derived from a weighted average of the performance associated with a fund’s three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For U.S. domiciled funds, separate star ratings are given at the individual share class level. The Nomura  “ star rating ”  is based on three-year risk-adjusted performance only. Funds with fewer than three years of history are not rated and hence excluded from this analysis. All ratings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive this analysis are sourced from these fund rating providers mentioned in footnote (a). The data providers re-denominate the asset values into U.S. dollars. This % of AUM is based on star ratings at the share class level for U.S. domiciled funds, and at a  “ primary share class ”  level to represent the star rating of all other funds except for Japan where Nomura provides ratings at the fund level. The “primary share class”, as defined by Morningstar, denotes the share class recommended as being the best proxy for the portfolio and in most cases will be the most retail version (based upon annual management charge, minimum investment, currency and other factors). The performance data could have been different if all funds/accounts would have been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results. •  Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds ranked in the 1st or 2nd quartile (one, three and five years) : All quartile rankings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive this analysis are sourced from the fund ranking providers mentioned in footnote (b). Quartile rankings are done on the net-of-fee absolute return of each fund. The data providers re-denominate the asset values into U.S. dollars. This % of AUM is based on fund performance and associated peer rankings at the share class level for U.S. domiciled funds, at a  “ primary share class” level to represent the quartile ranking of  the  U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong funds and at the fund level for all other funds. The  “ primary share class ” , as defined by Morningstar, denotes the share class recommended as being the best proxy for the portfolio and in most cases will be the most retail version (based upon annual management charge, minimum investment, currency and other factors). Where peer group rankings given for a fund are in more than one “primary share class” territory both rankings are included to reflect local market competitiveness (applies to “Offshore Territories” and “HK SFC Authorized” funds only). The performance data could have been different if all funds/accounts would have been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results.   Selected metrics       As of or for the year ended December 31,  (in millions, except ranking data and ratios) 2015 2014 2013 % of JPM mutual fund assets rated as 4- or 5-star (a) 53 % 52 % 49 % % of JPM mutual fund assets ranked in 1 st  or 2 nd   quartile: (b)       1 year 62 72 68 3 years 78 72 68 5 years 80 76 69         Selected balance sheet data (period-end)       Total assets $ 131,451 $ 128,701 $ 122,414 Loans (c) 111,007 104,279 95,445 Core loans 111,007 104,279 95,445 Deposits 146,766 155,247 146,183 Equity 9,000 9,000 9,000         Selected balance sheet data (average)       Total assets $ 129,743 $ 126,440 $ 113,198 Loans 107,418 99,805 86,066 Core loans 107,418 99,805 86,066 Deposits 149,525 150,121 139,707 Equity 9,000 9,000 9,000         Credit data and quality statistics       Net charge-offs $ 12 $ 6 $ 40 Nonaccrual loans 218 218 167 Allowance for credit losses:       Allowance for loan losses 266 271 278 Allowance for lending-related commitments 5 5 5 Total allowance for credit losses 271 276 283 Net charge-off rate 0.01 % 0.01 % 0.05 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 0.24 0.26 0.29 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 122 124 166 Nonaccrual loans to period-end loans 0.20 0.21 0.17 (a) Represents the “overall star rating” derived from Morningstar for the U.S., the U.K., Luxembourg, Hong Kong and Taiwan domiciled funds; and Nomura “star rating” for Japan domiciled funds. Includes only Global Investment Management retail open-ended mutual funds that have a rating. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil and India domiciled funds. (b) Quartile ranking sourced from: Lipper for the U.S. and Taiwan domiciled funds; Morningstar for the U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong domiciled funds; Nomura for Japan domiciled funds and FundDoctor for South Korea domiciled funds. Includes only Global Investment Management retail open-ended mutual funds that are ranked by the aforementioned sources. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil and India domiciled funds. (c) Included  $26.6 billion ,  $22.1 billion  and  $18.9 billion  of prime mortgage loans reported in the Consumer, excluding credit card, loan portfolio at  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   103 Management’s discussion and analysis Client assets 2015  compared with  2014 Client assets were $2.4 trillion, a decrease of 2% compared with the prior year. Assets under management were $1.7 trillion, a decrease of 1% from the prior year due to the effect of lower market levels partially offset by net inflows to long-term products. 2014  compared with  2013 Client assets were $2.4 trillion, an increase of 2% compared with the prior year. Excluding the sale of Retirement Plan Services, client assets were up 8% compared with the prior year. Assets under management were $1.7 trillion, an increase of 9% from the prior year due to net inflows to long-term products and the effect of higher market levels. Client assets     December 31,  (in billions) 2015 2014 2013 Assets by asset class       Liquidity $ 464 $ 461 $ 451 Fixed income 342 359 330 Equity 353 375 370 Multi-asset and alternatives 564 549 447 Total assets under management 1,723 1,744 1,598 Custody/brokerage/ administration/deposits 627 643 745 Total client assets $ 2,350 $ 2,387 $ 2,343         Memo:       Alternatives client assets (a) 172 166 158         Assets by client segment       Private Banking $ 437 $ 428 $ 361 Institutional 816 827 777 Retail 470 489 460 Total assets under management $ 1,723 $ 1,744 $ 1,598         Private Banking $ 1,050 $ 1,057 $ 977 Institutional 824 835 777 Retail 476 495 589 Total client assets $ 2,350 $ 2,387 $ 2,343 (a) Represents assets under management, as well as client balances in brokerage accounts.   Client assets (continued)       Year ended December 31, (in billions) 2015 2014 2013 Assets under management rollforward       Beginning balance $ 1,744 $ 1,598 $ 1,426 Net asset flows:       Liquidity (1 ) 18 (4 ) Fixed income (7 ) 33 8 Equity 1 5 34 Multi-asset and alternatives 22 42 48 Market/performance/other impacts (36 ) 48 86 Ending balance, December 31 $ 1,723 $ 1,744 $ 1,598         Client assets rollforward       Beginning balance $ 2,387 $ 2,343 $ 2,095 Net asset flows 27 118 80 Market/performance/other impacts (64 ) (74 ) 168 Ending balance, December 31 $ 2,350 $ 2,387 $ 2,343 International metrics Year ended December 31, (in billions, except where otherwise noted) 2015 2014 2013 Total net revenue  (in millions) (a)       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 1,946 $ 2,080 $ 1,881 Asia/Pacific 1,130 1,199 1,133 Latin America/Caribbean 795 841 879 Total international net revenue 3,871 4,120 3,893         North America 8,248 7,908 7,512 Total net revenue $ 12,119 $ 12,028 $ 11,405         Assets under management       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 302 $ 329 $ 305 Asia/Pacific 123 126 132 Latin America/Caribbean 45 46 47 Total international assets under management 470 501 484         North America 1,253 1,243 1,114 Total assets under management $ 1,723 $ 1,744 $ 1,598         Client assets       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 351 $ 391 $ 367 Asia/Pacific 173 174 180 Latin America/Caribbean 110 115 117 Total international client assets 634 680 664         North America 1,716 1,707 1,679 Total client assets $ 2,350 $ 2,387 $ 2,343 (a) Regional revenue is based on the domicile of the client. 104   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CORPORATE  The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office (“CIO”) and Other Corporate, which includes corporate staff units and expense that is centrally managed. Treasury and CIO are predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks, as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan. The major Other Corporate units include Real Estate, Enterprise Technology, Legal, Compliance, Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Oversight & Control, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. Other centrally managed expense includes the Firm’s occupancy and pension-related expenses that are subject to allocation to the businesses. Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2015   2014   2013 Revenue           Principal transactions $ 41   $ 1,197   $ 563 Securities gains 190   71   666 All other income 569   704   1,864 Noninterest revenue 800   1,972   3,093 Net interest income (a) (533 )   (1,960 )   (3,115 ) Total net revenue 267   12   (22 )             Provision for credit losses (10 )   (35 )   (28 )             Noninterest expense (b) 977   1,159   10,255 Loss before income tax benefit (700 )   (1,112 )   (10,249 ) Income tax benefit (3,137 )   (1,976 )   (3,493 ) Net income/(loss) $ 2,437   $ 864   $ (6,756 ) Total net revenue           Treasury and CIO (493 )   (1,317 )   (2,068 ) Other Corporate  (c) 760   1,329   2,046 Total net revenue $ 267   $ 12   $ (22 ) Net income/(loss)           Treasury and CIO (235 )   (1,165 )   (1,454 ) Other Corporate  (c) 2,672   2,029   (5,302 ) Total net income/(loss) $ 2,437   $ 864   $ (6,756 )             Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Total assets (period-end) $ 768,204   $ 931,206   $ 805,506 Loans 2,187   2,871   4,004 Core loans (d) 2,182   2,848   3,958 Headcount 29,617   26,047   20,717 (a) Included tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly due to tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments of  $839 million ,  $730 million  and  $480 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (b) Included legal expense of  $832 million ,  $821 million  and  $10.2 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively.  (c) Effective in 2015, the Firm began including the results of Private Equity in the Other Corporate line within the Corporate segment. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. The Corporate segment’s balance sheets and results of operations were not impacted by this reporting change. (d) Average core loans were $2.5 billion, $3.3 billion and $5.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    2015 compared with 2014 Net income was $2.4 billion, compared with net income of $864 million in the prior year. Net revenue was $267 million, compared with $12 million in the prior year. The current year included a $514 million benefit from a legal settlement. Treasury and CIO included a benefit of approximately $178 million associated with recognizing the unamortized discount on certain debt securities which were called at par and a $173 million pretax loss primarily related to accelerated amortization of cash flow hedges associated with the exit of certain non-operating deposits. Private Equity gains were $1.2 billion lower compared with the prior year, reflecting lower valuation gains and lower net gains on sales as the Firm exits this non-core business.  Noninterest expense was $977 million, a decrease of $182 million from the prior year which had included a $276 million goodwill impairment related to the sale of a portion of the Private Equity business.  The current year reflected tax benefits of $2.6 billion predominantly from the resolution of various tax audits compared with tax benefits of $1.1 billion in the prior year.  2014 compared with 2013 Net income was $864 million, compared to a net loss of $6.8 billion in the prior year. Net revenue was $12 million compared to a net loss of $22 million in the prior year. Current year net interest income was a loss of $2 billion compared to a loss of $3.1 billion in the prior year, primarily reflecting higher yields on investment securities. Securities gains were $71 million, compared with $659 million in the prior year, reflecting lower repositioning activity of the investment securities portfolio in the current period. Private Equity gains were $540 million higher compared with the prior year reflecting higher net gains on sales. Prior year net revenue also included gains of $1.3 billion and $493 million on the sales of Visa shares and One Chase Manhattan Plaza, respectively.  Noninterest expense was $1.2 billion, a decrease of $9.1 billion due to a decrease in reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings in the prior year partially offset by the impact of a $276 million goodwill impairment related to the sale of a portion of the Private Equity business.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   105 Management’s discussion and analysis Treasury and  CIO   overview Treasury and CIO are predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks,   as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan . The risks managed by Treasury and CIO arise from the activities undertaken by the Firm’s four major reportable business segments to serve their respective client bases, which generate both on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities. Treasury and CIO achieve the Firm’s asset-liability management objectives generally by investing in high-quality securities that are managed for the longer-term as part of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. Treasury and CIO also use derivatives to meet the Firm ’ s asset-liability management objectives. For further information on derivatives, see Note 6. The investment securities portfolio primarily consists of U.S. and non-U.S. government securities, agency and nonagency mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities and obligations of U.S. states and municipalities. At  December 31, 2015 , the investment securities portfolio was  $287.8 billion , and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was  AA+  (based upon external ratings where available and where not available, based primarily upon internal ratings that correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s). See Note 12 for further information on the details of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. For further information on liquidity and funding risk, see Liq uidity Risk Management on   pages 159–164 . For informatio n on interest rate, foreign exchange and other risks, Treasury and CIO VaR and the Firm’s earnings-at-risk, se e Market Risk Management on   pages 133–139 . Selected income statement and balance sheet data As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Securities gains $ 190   $ 71   $ 659 Investment securities portfolio (average)  (a) 314,802   349,285   353,712 Investment securities portfolio (period–end) (b) 287,777   343,146   347,562 Mortgage loans (average) 2,501   3,308   5,145 Mortgage loans (period-end) 2,136   2,834   3,779 (a) Average investment securities included held-to-maturity balances of $50.0 billion and $47.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively. The held-to-maturity balance for full year 2013 was not material. (b) Period-end investment securities included held-to-maturity securities of  $49.1 billion ,  $49.3 billion ,  $24.0 billion  at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.   Private equity portfolio information (a)   December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Carrying value $ 2,103   $ 5,866   $ 7,868 Cost 3,798   6,281   8,491 (a) For more information on the Firm’s methodologies regarding the valuation of the Private Equity portfolio, see Note 3. For information on the sale of a portion of the Private Equity business completed on January 9, 2015, see Note 2. 2015 compared with 2014 The carrying value of the private equity portfolio at December 31, 2015 was $2.1 billion, down from $5.9 billion at December 31, 2014, driven by the sale of a portion of the Private Equity business.  2014 compared with 2013 The carrying value of the private equity portfolio at December 31, 2014 was $5.9 billion, down from $7.9 billion at December 31, 2013. The decrease in the portfolio was predominantly driven by sales of investments, partially offset by unrealized gains. 106   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report ENTERPRISE-WIDE RISK MANAGEMENT Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase’s business activities. When the Firm extends a consumer or wholesale   loan, advises customers on their investment decisions, makes markets in securities, or offers other products or services, the Firm takes on some degree of risk. The Firm’s overall objective is to manage its businesses, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interests of its clients, customers and investors and protects the safety and soundness of the Firm. Firmwide Risk Management is overseen and managed on an enterprise-wide basis. The Firm’s approach to risk management covers a broad spectrum of risk areas, such as credit, market, liquidity, model, structural interest rate, principal, country, operational, compliance, legal, capital and reputation risk, with controls and governance established for each area, as appropriate. The Firm believes that effective risk management requires: • Acceptance of responsibility, including identification and escalation of risk issues, by all individuals within the Firm; • Ownership of risk management within each of the lines of business and corporate functions; and • Firmwide structures for risk governance.   The Firm’s Operating Committee, which consists of the Firm’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) and other senior executives, is responsible for developing and executing the Firm’s risk management framework. The framework is intended to provide controls and ongoing management of key risks inherent in the Firm’s business activities and create a culture of transparency, awareness and personal responsibility through reporting, collaboration, discussion, escalation and sharing of information. The Operating Committee is responsible and accountable to the Firm’s Board of Directors. The Firm strives for continual improvement through ongoing employee training and development, as well as talent retention. The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong internal governance and independent Board oversight. The impact of risk and control issues are carefully considered in the Firm’s performance evaluation and incentive compensation processes. The Firm is also engaged in a number of activities focused on conduct risk and in regularly evaluating its culture with respect to its business principles. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   107 Management’s discussion and analysis The following sections outline the key risks that are inherent in the Firm’s business activities. Risk Definition  Select risk management metrics Page references Capital risk The risk the Firm has an insufficient level and composition of capital to support the Firm’s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and stressed conditions. Risk-based capital ratios; supplementary leverage ratio; stress 149–158 Compliance risk The risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Various metrics related to market conduct, Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (“BSA/AML”), employee compliance, fiduciary, privacy and information risk 147 Country risk The risk that a sovereign event or action alters the value or terms of contractual obligations of obligors, counterparties and issuers or adversely affects markets related to a particular country. Default exposure at 0% recovery; stress; risk ratings; ratings based capital limits 140–141 Credit risk The risk of loss arising from the default of a customer, client or counterparty. Total exposure; industry, geographic and customer concentrations; risk ratings; delinquencies; loss experience; stress 112–132 Legal risk The risk of loss or imposition of damages, fines, penalties or other liability arising from failure to comply with a contractual obligation or to comply with laws or regulations to which the Firm is subject. Not applicable 146 Liquidity risk The risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its contractual and contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets. LCR; stress 159–164 Market risk The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the Firm’s assets and liabilities resulting from changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, implied volatilities or credit spreads. VaR, stress, sensitivities 133–139 Model risk The risk of the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. Model status, model tier 142 Non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange (“FX”) risk The risk that changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of the Firm’s assets or liabilities or future results.   FX net open position (“NOP”) 139 Operational risk The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors, or due to external events that are neither market nor credit-related. Firm-specific loss experience; industry loss experience; business environment and internal control factors (“BEICF”); key risk indicators; key control indicators; operating metrics 144–146 Principal risk The risk of an adverse change in the value of privately-held financial assets and instruments, typically representing an ownership or junior capital position that have unique risks due to their illiquidity or for which there is less observable market or valuation data. Carrying value, stress 143 Reputation risk The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the Firm’s integrity or competence by our various constituents, including clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees and the broader public. Not applicable 148 Structural interest rate risk The risk resulting from the Firm’s traditional banking activities (both on- and off-balance sheet positions) arising from the extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits and issuing debt (collectively referred to as “non-trading activities”), and also the impact from the CIO investment securities portfolio and other related CIO and Treasury activities. Earnings-at-risk 138-139 Risk appetite and governance The Firm’s overall tolerance for risk is governed by a “Risk Appetite” framework for measuring and monitoring risk. The framework measures the Firm’s capacity to take risk against stated quantitative tolerances and qualitative factors at each of the line of business (“LOB”) levels, as well as at the Firmwide level. The framework and tolerances are set and approved by the Firm’s CEO, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), CRO and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”). LOB-level Risk Appetite parameters and tolerances are set by the respective LOB CEO, CFO and CRO and are approved by the Firm’s CEO, CFO, CRO and COO. Quantitative risk tolerances are expressed in terms of tolerance levels for stressed net income, market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, structural interest rate risk, operational risk and capital. Risk Appetite results are reported quarterly to the Risk Policy Committee of the Board of Directors (“DRPC”).   The Firm’s CRO is responsible for the overall direction of the Firm’s Risk Management functions and is head of the Risk Management Organization, reporting to the Firm’s CEO and DRPC. The Risk Management Organization operates independently from the revenue-generating businesses, which enables it to provide credible challenge to the businesses. The leadership team of the Risk Management Organization is aligned to the various LOBs and corporate functions as well as across the Firm for firmwide risk categories (e.g. firmwide market risk, firmwide model risk, firmwide reputation risk, etc.) producing a matrix structure with specific subject matter expertise to manage risks both within the businesses and across the Firm.  The Firm places key reliance on each of the LOBs as the first line of defense in risk governance. The LOBs are accountable for identifying and addressing the risks in their  108   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report respective businesses and for operating within a sound control environment. In addition to the Risk Management Organization, the Firm’s control environment also includes firmwide functions like Oversight and Control, Compliance and Internal Audit. The Firmwide Oversight and Control Group consists of dedicated control officers within each of the lines of business and corporate functions, as well as a central oversight function. The group is charged with enhancing the Firm’s control environment by looking within and across the lines of business and corporate functions to identify and remediate control issues. The group enables the Firm to detect control problems more quickly, escalate issues promptly and engage other stakeholders to understand common themes and interdependencies among the various parts of the Firm. Each line of business is accountable for managing its compliance risk. The Firm’s Compliance Organization (“Compliance”), which is independent of the lines of    business, works closely with the Operating Committee and management to provide independent review, monitoring and oversight of business operations with a focus on compliance with the legal and regulatory obligations applicable to the offering of the Firm’s products and services to clients and customers. Internal Audit, a function independent of the businesses, Compliance and the Risk Management Organization, tests and evaluates the Firm’s risk governance and management, as well as its internal control processes. This function brings a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluating and improving the effectiveness of the Firm’s governance, risk management and internal control processes.  Risk governance structure The independent status of the Risk Management Organization is supported by a governance structure that provides for escalation of risk issues up to senior management and the Board of Directors.  The chart below illustrates the key senior management level committees in the Firm’s risk governance structure. Other committees and forums are in place that are responsible for management and oversight of risk, although they are not shown in the chart below.   The Board of Directors provides oversight of risk principally through the DRPC, Audit Committee and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, Compensation & Management Development Committee. Each committee of the Board oversees reputation risk issues within its scope of responsibility. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   109 Management’s discussion and analysis The Risk Policy Committee of the Board  oversees the Firm’s global risk management framework and approves the primary risk-management policies of the Firm. The Committee’s responsibilities include oversight of management’s exercise of its responsibility to assess and manage risks of the Firm, as well as its capital and liquidity planning and analysis. Breaches in risk appetite tolerances, liquidity issues that may have a material adverse impact on the Firm and other significant risk-related matters are escalated to the Committee. The Audit Committee of the Board  assists the Board in its oversight of management’s responsibilities to assure that there is an effective system of controls reasonably designed to safeguard the assets and income of the Firm, assure the integrity of the Firm’s financial statements and maintain compliance with the Firm’s ethical standards, policies, plans and procedures, and with laws and regulations. In addition, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence. The Independent Internal Audit Function at the Firm is headed by the General Auditor, who reports to the Audit Committee. The Compensation & Management Development Committee  assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm’s compensation programs and reviews and approves the Firm’s overall compensation philosophy, incentive compensation pools, and compensation practices consistent with key business objectives and safety and soundness. The Committee reviews Operating Committee members’ performance against their goals, and approves their compensation awards. The Committee also periodically reviews the Firm’s diversity programs and management development and succession planning, and provides oversight of the Firm’s culture and conduct programs. Among the Firm’s senior management-level committees that are primarily responsible for key risk-related functions are: The Firmwide Risk Committee (“FRC”)  is the Firm’s highest management-level risk committee. It provides oversight of the risks inherent in the Firm’s businesses. The Committee is co-chaired by the Firm’s CEO and CRO. Members of the Committee include the Firm’s COO, CFO, Treasurer & Chief Investment Officer, and General Counsel, as well as LOB CEOs and CROs, and other senior managers from risk and control functions. This Committee serves as an escalation point for risk topics and issues raised by its members, the Line of Business Risk Committees, Firmwide Control Committee, Firmwide Fiduciary Risk Governance Committee, Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance and regional Risk Committees. The Committee escalates significant issues to the Board of Directors, as appropriate.   The Firmwide Control Committee (“FCC”)  i s  a forum for senior management to discuss firmwide operational risks including existing and emerging issues, to monitor operational risk metrics, and to review the execution of the Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”). The FCC is co-chaired by the Chief Control Officer and the Firmwide Risk Executive for Operational Risk Governance. It serves as an escalation point for the line of business, corporate functions and regional Control Committees and escalates significant issues to the FRC, as appropriate. The Firmwide Fiduciary Risk Governance Committee (“FFRGC”)  is a forum for risk matters related to the Firm’s fiduciary activities. The Committee oversees the firmwide fiduciary risk governance framework, which supports the consistent identification and escalation of fiduciary risk matters by the relevant lines of business or corporate functions responsible for managing fiduciary activities. The Committee escalates significant issues to the FRC and any other committee, as appropriate. The Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance Group  seeks to promote consistent management of reputation risk across the Firm. Its objectives are to increase visibility of reputation risk governance; promote and maintain a globally consistent governance model for reputation risk across lines of business; promote early self-identification of potential reputation risks to the Firm; and provide thought leadership on cross-line-of-business reputation risk issues.  Each line of business has a separate reputation risk governance structure which includes, in most cases, one or more dedicated reputation risk committees. Line of Business and Regional Risk Committees  review the ways in which the particular line of business or the business operating in a particular region could be exposed to adverse outcomes with a focus on identifying, accepting, escalating and/or requiring remediation of matters brought to these committees. These committees may escalate to the FRC, as appropriate. Line of Business, Corporate Function and Regional Control Committees  oversee the control environment in the particular line of business or corporate function or the business operating in a particular region. They are responsible for reviewing the data indicating the quality and stability of the processes in a business or function, focusing on those processes with shortcomings and overseeing process remediation. These committees escalate to the FCC, as appropriate. 110   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The Asset Liability Committee (“ALCO”) , chaired by the Firm’s Treasurer under the direction of the COO, monitors the Firm’s balance sheet, liquidity risk and structural interest rate risk. ALCO reviews the Firm’s overall structural interest rate risk position, funding requirements and strategy, and securitization programs (and any required liquidity support by the Firm of such programs). ALCO is responsible for reviewing and approving the Firm’s Funds Transfer Pricing Policy (through which lines of business “transfer” interest rate risk to Treasury) and the Firm’s Intercompany Funding and Liquidity Policy. ALCO is also responsible for reviewing the Firm’s Contingency Funding Plan. The Capital Governance Committee,  chaired by the Head of the Regulatory Capital Management Office (under the direction of the Firm’s CFO) is responsible for reviewing the Firm’s Capital Management Policy and the principles underlying capital issuance and distribution. The Committee is also responsible for governing the capital adequacy assessment process, including overall design, assumptions and risk streams, and for ensuring that capital stress test programs are designed to adequately capture the idiosyncratic risks across the Firm’s businesses. The Firmwide Valuation Governance Forum (“VGF”)  is composed of senior finance and risk executives and is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across the Firm. The VGF is chaired by the firmwide head of the Valuation Control function (under the direction of the Firm’s CFO), and includes sub-forums covering the Corporate & Investment Bank, Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial Banking, Asset Management and certain corporate functions, including Treasury and Chief Investment Office.   In addition, the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of management of the Bank. The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board accomplishes this function acting directly and through the principal standing committees of the Firm’s Board of Directors. Risk oversight on behalf of JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. is primarily the responsibility of the DRPC and Audit Committee of the Firm’s Board of Directors and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Firm’s Board of Directors. Risk measurement The Firm has a broad spectrum of risk management metrics, as appropriate for each risk category (refer to the table on key risks included on  page 108 ). Additionally, the Firm is exposed to certain potential low-probability, but plausible and material, idiosyncratic risks that are not well-captured by its other existing risk analysis and reporting for credit, market, and other risks. These idiosyncratic risks may arise in a number of ways, such as changes in legislation, an unusual combination of market events, or specific counterparty events. The Firm has a process intended to identify these risks in order to allow the Firm to monitor vulnerabilities that are not adequately covered by its other standard risk measurements. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   111 Management’s discussion and analysis CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the default of a customer, client or counterparty. The Firm provides credit to a variety of customers, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to individual consumers and small businesses. In its consumer businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk primarily through its residential real estate, credit card, auto, business banking and student lending businesses. Originated mortgage loans are retained in the mortgage portfolio, securitized or sold to U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises; other types of consumer loans are typically retained on the balance sheet. In its wholesale businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk through its underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through its operating services activities (such as cash management and clearing activities), securities financing activities, investment securities portfolio, and cash placed with banks. A portion of the loans originated or acquired by the Firm’s wholesale businesses are generally retained on the balance sheet; the Firm’s syndicated loan business distributes a significant percentage of originations into the market and is an important component of portfolio management. Credit risk management Credit risk management is an independent risk management function that identifies and monitors credit risk throughout the Firm and defines credit risk policies and procedures. The credit risk function reports to the Firm’s CRO. The Firm’s credit risk management governance includes the following activities: • Establishing a comprehensive credit risk policy framework • Monitoring and managing credit risk across all portfolio segments, including transaction and exposure approval • Setting industry concentration limits and establishing underwriting guidelines  • Assigning and managing credit authorities in connection with the approval of all credit exposure • Managing criticized exposures and delinquent loans • Determining the allowance for credit losses and ensuring appropriate credit risk-based capital management Risk identification and measurement The Credit Risk Management function identifies, measures, limits, manages and monitors credit risk across the Firm’s businesses. To measure credit risk, the Firm employs several methodologies for estimating the likelihood of obligor or counterparty default. Methodologies for measuring credit risk vary depending on several factors, including type of asset (e.g., consumer versus wholesale), risk measurement parameters (e.g., delinquency status and borrower’s credit score versus wholesale risk-rating) and risk management and collection processes (e.g., retail collection center versus centrally managed workout groups). Credit risk measurement is based on the    probability of default of an obligor or counterparty, the loss severity given a default event and the exposure at default. Based on these factors and related market-based inputs, the Firm estimates credit losses for its exposures. Probable credit losses inherent in the consumer and wholesale loan portfolios are reflected in the allowance for loan losses, and probable credit losses inherent in lending-related commitments are reflected in the allowance for lending-related commitments. These losses are estimated using statistical analyses and other factors as described in Note 15. In addition, potential and unexpected credit losses are reflected in the allocation of credit risk capital and represent the potential volatility of actual losses relative to the established allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments. The analyses for these losses include stress testing considering alternative economic scenarios as described in the Stress testing section below. For further information, see Critical Accounting Estimates used by the Firm on  pages 165–169 . The methodologies used to estimate credit losses depend on the characteristics of the credit exposure, as described below. Scored exposure The scored portfolio is generally held in CCB and predominantly includes residential real estate loans, credit card loans, certain auto and business banking loans, and student loans. For the scored portfolio, credit loss estimates are based on statistical analysis of credit losses over discrete periods of time. The statistical analysis uses portfolio modeling, credit scoring, and decision-support tools, which consider loan-level factors such as delinquency status, credit scores, collateral values, and other risk factors. Credit loss analyses also consider, as appropriate, uncertainties and other factors, including those related to current macroeconomic and political conditions, the quality of underwriting standards, and other internal and external factors. The factors and analysis are updated on a quarterly basis or more frequently as market conditions dictate. Risk-rated exposure Risk-rated portfolios are generally held in CIB, CB and AM, but also include certain business banking and auto dealer loans held in CCB that are risk-rated because they have characteristics similar to commercial loans. For the risk-rated portfolio, credit loss estimates are based on estimates of the probability of default (“PD”) and loss severity given a default. The estimation process begins with risk ratings that are assigned to each loan facility to differentiate risk within the portfolio. These risk ratings are reviewed regularly by Credit Risk Management and revised as needed to reflect the borrower’s current financial position, risk profile and related collateral. The probability of default is the likelihood that a loan will default and not be fully repaid by the borrower. The loss given default (“LGD”) is the estimated loss on the loan that would be realized upon the default of  112   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report the borrower and takes into consideration collateral and structural support for each credit facility. The probability of default is estimated for each borrower, and a loss given default is estimated for each credit facility. The calculations and assumptions are based on historic experience and management judgment and are reviewed regularly. Stress testing Stress testing is important in measuring and managing credit risk in the Firm’s credit portfolio. The process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on estimated credit losses for the Firm. Economic scenarios, and the parameters underlying those scenarios, are defined centrally, are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, and applied across the businesses. The stress test results may indicate credit migration, changes in delinquency trends and potential losses in the credit portfolio. In addition to the periodic stress testing processes, management also considers additional stresses outside these scenarios, including industry and country- specific stress scenarios, as necessary. The Firm uses stress testing to inform decisions on setting risk appetite both at a Firm and LOB level, as well as to assess the impact of stress on individual counterparties. Risk monitoring and management The Firm has developed policies and practices that are designed to preserve the independence and integrity of the approval and decision-making process of extending credit to ensure credit risks are assessed accurately, approved properly, monitored regularly and managed actively at both the transaction and portfolio levels. The policy framework establishes credit approval authorities, concentration limits, risk-rating methodologies, portfolio review parameters and guidelines for management of distressed exposures. In addition, certain models, assumptions and inputs used in evaluating and monitoring credit risk are independently validated by groups that are separate from the line of businesses. For consumer credit risk, delinquency and other trends, including any concentrations at the portfolio level, are monitored, as certain of these trends can be modified through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. Consumer Risk Management evaluates delinquency and other trends against business expectations, current and forecasted economic conditions, and industry benchmarks. Historical and forecasted trends are incorporated into the modeling of estimated consumer credit losses and are part of the monitoring of the credit risk profile of the portfolio. For further discussion of consumer loans, see Note 14.   Wholesale credit risk is monitored regularly at an aggregate portfolio, industry, and individual client and counterparty level with established concentration limits that are reviewed and revised as deemed appropriate by management, typically on an annual basis. Industry and counterparty limits, as measured in terms of exposure and economic risk appetite, are subject to stress-based loss constraints. In addition, wrong-way risk — the risk that exposure to a counterparty is positively correlated with the impact of a default by the same counterparty, which could cause exposure to increase at the same time as the counterparty’s capacity to meet its obligations is decreasing — is actively monitored as this risk could result in greater exposure at default compared with a transaction with another counterparty that does not have this risk. Management of the Firm’s wholesale credit risk exposure is accomplished through a number of means, including: • Loan underwriting and credit approval process • Loan syndications and participations • Loan sales and securitizations • Credit derivatives • Master netting agreements • Collateral and other risk-reduction techniques In addition to Credit Risk Management, Internal Audit performs periodic exams, as well as continuous reviews, where appropriate, of the Firm’s consumer and wholesale portfolios. For risk-rated portfolios, a Credit Review group within Internal Audit is responsible for: • Independently assessing and validating the changing risk grades assigned to exposures; and • Evaluating the effectiveness of business units’ risk ratings, including the accuracy and consistency of risk grades, the timeliness of risk grade changes and the justification of risk grades in credit memoranda. Risk reporting To enable monitoring of credit risk and effective decision-making, aggregate credit exposure, credit quality forecasts, concentration levels and risk profile changes are reported regularly to senior members of Credit Risk Management. Detailed portfolio reporting of industry, customer, product and geographic concentrations occurs monthly, and the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by senior management at least on a quarterly basis. Through the risk reporting and governance structure, credit risk trends and limit exceptions are provided regularly to, and discussed with, risk committees, senior management and the Board of Directors as appropriate. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   113 Management’s discussion and analysis CREDIT PORTFOLIO In the following tables, reported loans include loans retained (i.e., held-for-investment); loans held-for-sale (which are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue); and certain loans accounted for at fair value. In addition, the Firm records certain loans accounted for at fair value in trading assets. For further information regarding these loans, see Note 3 and Note 4. For additional information on the Firm’s loans and derivative receivables, including the Firm’s accounting policies, see Note 14 and Note 6, respectively. For further information regarding the credit risk inherent in the Firm’s cash placed with banks, investment securities portfolio, and securities financing portfolio, see Note 5, Note 12, and Note 13, respectively. Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm no longer includes within its disclosure of wholesale lending-related commitments the unused amount of advised uncommitted lines of credit as it is within the Firm’s discretion whether or not to make a loan under these lines, and the Firm’s approval is generally required prior to funding. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. For discussion of the consumer credit environment and consumer loans, see Consumer Credit Portfolio on  pages 115–121  and Note 14. For discussion of wholesale credit environment and wholesale loans, see Wholesale Credit Portfolio on  pages 122–129  and Note 14.   Total credit portfolio         December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure   Nonperforming (b)(c) 2015 2014   2015 2014 Loans retained $ 832,792 $ 747,508   $ 6,303 $ 7,017 Loans held-for-sale 1,646 7,217   101 95 Loans at fair value 2,861 2,611   25 21 Total loans – reported 837,299 757,336   6,429 7,133 Derivative receivables 59,677 78,975   204 275 Receivables from customers and other 13,497 29,080   — — Total credit-related assets 910,473 865,391   6,633 7,408 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions           Real estate owned NA NA   347 515 Other NA NA   54 44 Total   assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA   401 559 Total assets 910,473 865,391   7,034 7,967 Lending-related commitments 940,395 950,997   193 103 Total credit portfolio $ 1,850,868 $ 1,816,388   $ 7,227 $ 8,070 Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities (a) $ (20,681 ) $ (26,703 )   $ (9 ) $ — Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (16,580 ) (19,604 )   NA NA Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios)   2015 2014 Net charge-offs   $ 4,086 $ 4,759 Average retained loans       Loans – reported   780,293 729,876 Loans – reported, excluding    residential real estate PCI loans   736,543 679,869 Net charge-off rates       Loans – reported   0.52 % 0.65 % Loans – reported, excluding PCI   0.55 0.70 (a) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. For additional information, see Credit derivatives on  page 129  and Note 6. (b) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as each of the pools is performing. (c) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $6.3 billion  and  $7.8 billion , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of  $290 million  and  $367 million , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; and (3) REO insured by U.S. government agencies of  $343 million  and  $462 million , respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance issued by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”). 114   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CONSUMER CREDIT PORTFOLIO The Firm’s consumer portfolio consists primarily of residential real estate loans, credit card loans, auto loans, business banking loans, and student loans. The Firm’s focus is on serving the prime segment of the consumer credit market. The credit performance of the consumer portfolio continues to benefit from discipline in credit underwriting as well as improvement in the economy driven by increasing home prices and lower unemployment. Both early-stage    delinquencies (30–89 days delinquent) and late-stage delinquencies (150+ days delinquent) for residential real estate, excluding government guaranteed loans, declined from  December 31, 2014  levels. The Credit Card 30+ day delinquency rate and the net charge-off rate remain near historic lows. For further information on consumer loans,  see Note 14. The following table presents consumer credit-related information with respect to the credit portfolio held by CCB, prime mortgage and home equity loans held by AM, and prime mortgage loans held by Corpora te.  For further information about the Firm’s nonaccrual and charge-off accounting policies, see Note 14. Consumer credit portfolio As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Credit exposure   Nonaccrual loans (g)(h)   Net charge-offs/(recoveries) (i)   Average annual net charge-off/(recovery) rate (i)(j) 2015   2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Consumer, excluding credit card                         Loans, excluding PCI loans and loans held-for-sale                         Home equity – senior lien $ 14,848   $ 16,367   $ 867 $ 938   $ 69 $ 82   0.43  % 0.50  % Home equity – junior lien 30,711   36,375   1,324 1,590   222 391   0.67 1.03 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 162,549   104,921   1,752 2,190   49 39   0.04 0.04 Subprime mortgage 3,690   5,056   751 1,036   (53 ) (27 )   (1.22 ) (0.43 ) Auto (a) 60,255   54,536   116 115   214 181   0.38 0.34 Business banking 21,208   20,058   263 279   253 305   1.23 1.58 Student and other 10,096   10,970   242 270   200 347   1.89 3.07 Total loans, excluding PCI loans and loans held-for-sale 303,357   248,283   5,315 6,418   954 1,318   0.35 0.55 Loans – PCI                         Home equity 14,989   17,095   — NA   — NA   — NA Prime mortgage 8,893   10,220   — NA   — NA   — NA Subprime mortgage 3,263   3,673   — NA   — NA   — NA Option ARMs (b) 13,853   15,708   — NA   — NA   — NA Total loans – PCI 40,998   46,696   — NA   — NA   — NA Total loans – retained 344,355   294,979   5,315 6,418   954 1,318   0.30 0.46 Loans held-for-sale 466 (f)   395 (f)   98 91   — —   — — Total consumer, excluding credit card loans 344,821   295,374   5,413 6,509   954 1,318   0.30 0.46 Lending-related commitments (c) 58,478   58,153                   Receivables from customers (d) 125   108                   Total consumer exposure, excluding credit card 403,424   353,635                   Credit Card                         Loans retained (e) 131,387   128,027   — —   3,122 3,429   2.51 2.75 Loans held-for-sale 76   3,021   — —   — —   — — Total credit card loans 131,463   131,048   — —   3,122 3,429   2.51 2.75 Lending-related commitments (c) 515,518   525,963                   Total credit card exposure 646,981   657,011                   Total consumer credit portfolio $ 1,050,405   $ 1,010,646   $ 5,413 $ 6,509   $ 4,076 $ 4,747   0.92  % 1.15  % Memo: Total consumer credit portfolio, excluding PCI $ 1,009,407   $ 963,950   $ 5,413 $ 6,509   $ 4,076 $ 4,747   1.02  % 1.30  % (a) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excluded operating lease assets of  $9.2 billion  and  $6.7 billion , respectively. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , approximately  64%  and  57%  of the PCI option ARMs portfolio has been modified into fixed-rate, fully amortizing loans, respectively. (c) Credit card and home equity lending-related commitments represent the total available lines of credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit would be used at the same time. For credit card and home equity commitments (if certain conditions are met), the Firm can reduce or cancel these lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. (d) Receivables from customers represent margin loans to retail brokerage customers, and are included in Accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. (e) Includes accrued interest and fees net of an allowance for the uncollectible portion of accrued interest and fee income. (f) Predominantly represents prime mortgage loans held-for-sale. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   115 Management’s discussion and analysis (g) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , nonaccrual loans excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $6.3 billion  and  $7.8 billion , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; and (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of  $290 million  and  $367 million , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded from nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee. In addition, credit card loans are generally exempt from being placed on nonaccrual status, as permitted by regulatory guidance. (h) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as each of the pools is performing. (i) Net charge-offs and net charge-off rates excluded  $208 million  and  $533 million  of write-offs of prime mortgages in the PCI portfolio for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . These write-offs decreased the allowance for loan losses for PCI loans. See Allowance for Credit Losses on  pages 130–132  for further details. (j) Average consumer loans held-for-sale were  $2.1 billion  and  $917 million , respectively, for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . These amounts were excluded when calculating net charge-off rates. Consumer, excluding credit card Portfolio analysis Consumer loan balances increased during the year ended  December 31, 2015 , predominantly due to originations of high-quality prime mortgage loans that have been retained, partially offset by paydowns and the charge-off or liquidation of delinquent loans. Credit performance has continued to improve across most portfolios as the economy strengthened and home prices increased. PCI loans are excluded from the following discussions of individual loan products and are addressed separately below. For further information about the Firm’s consumer portfolio, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators, see  Note 14. Home equity:  The home equity portfolio declined from  December 31, 2014  primarily reflecting loan paydowns and charge-offs. Both early-stage and late-stage delinquencies declined from  December 31, 2014 . Net charge-offs for both senior and junior lien home equity loans at December 31, 2015, declined when compared with the prior year as a result of improvement in home prices and delinquencies, but charge-offs remain elevated compared with pre-recessionary levels. At December 31, 2015, approximately  15%  of the Firm’s home equity portfolio consists of home equity loans (“HELOANs”) and the remainder consists of home equity lines of credit (“HELOCs”). HELOANs are generally fixed-rate, closed-end, amortizing loans, with terms ranging from 3–30 years. Approximately 60% of the HELOANs are senior lien loans and the remainder are junior lien loans. In general, HELOCs originated by the Firm are revolving loans for a 10-year period, after which time the HELOC recasts into a loan with a 20-year amortization period. At the time of origination, the borrower typically selects one of two minimum payment options that will generally remain in effect during the revolving period: a monthly payment of 1% of the outstanding balance, or interest-only payments based on a variable index (typically Prime). HELOCs originated by Washington Mutual were generally revolving loans for a 10-year period, after which time the HELOC converts to an interest-only loan with a balloon payment at the end of the loan’s term.   The unpaid principal balance of HELOCs outstanding was  $41 billion  at  December 31, 2015 . Since January 1, 2014, approximately  $8 billion  of HELOCs have recast from interest-only to fully amortizing payments; based upon contractual terms, approximately  $19 billion  is scheduled to recast in the future, consisting of  $7 billion  in 2016,  $6 billion  in 2017 and  $6 billion  in 2018 and beyond. However, of the total  $19 billion  scheduled to recast in the future,  $13 billion  is expected to actually recast; and the remaining  $6 billion  represents loans to borrowers who are expected to pre-pay or loans that are likely to charge-off prior to recast. The Firm has considered this payment recast risk in its allowance for loan losses based upon the estimated amount of payment shock (i.e., the excess of the fully-amortizing payment over the interest-only payment in effect prior to recast) expected to occur at the payment recast date, along with the corresponding estimated probability of default and loss severity assumptions. Certain factors, such as future developments in both unemployment rates and home prices, could have a significant impact on the performance of these loans. The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by closing or reducing the undrawn line to the extent permitted by law when borrowers are exhibiting a material deterioration in their credit risk profile. The Firm will continue to evaluate both the near-term and longer-term repricing and recast risks inherent in its HELOC portfolio to ensure that changes in the Firm’s estimate of incurred losses are appropriately considered in the allowance for loan losses and that the Firm’s account management practices are appropriate given the portfolio’s risk profile. High-risk seconds are junior lien loans where the borrower has a senior lien loan that is either delinquent or has been modified. Such loans are considered to pose a higher risk of default than junior lien loans for which the senior lien loan is neither delinquent nor modified. The Firm estimates the balance of its total exposure to high-risk seconds on a quarterly basis using internal data and loan level credit bureau data (which typically provides the delinquency status of the senior lien loan). The estimated balance of these high-risk seconds may vary from quarter to quarter for reasons such as the movement of related senior lien loans into and out of the 30+ day delinquency bucket. 116   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Current high-risk seconds       December 31, (in billions) 2015   2014 Junior liens subordinate to:       Modified current senior lien $ 0.6   $ 0.7 Senior lien 30 – 89 days delinquent 0.4   0.5 Senior lien 90 days or more delinquent (a) 0.4   0.6 Total current high-risk seconds $ 1.4   $ 1.8 (a) Junior liens subordinate to senior liens that are 90 days or more past due are classified as nonaccrual loans. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excluded approximately  $25 million  and  $50 million , respectively, of junior liens that are performing but not current, which were placed on nonaccrual in accordance with the regulatory guidance. Of the estimated  $1.4 billion  of current high-risk junior liens at  December 31, 2015 , the Firm owns approximately  10%  and services approximately  25%  of the related senior lien loans to the same borrowers. The increased probability of default associated with these higher-risk junior lien loans was considered in estimating the allowance for loan losses. Mortgage:  Prime mortgages, including option ARMs and loans held-for-sale, increased from  December 31, 2014  due to originations of high-quality prime mortgage loans that have been retained partially offset by paydowns, the run-off of option ARM loans and the charge-off or liquidation of delinquent loans. High-quality loan originations for the year ending  December 31, 2015  included both jumbo and conforming loans, primarily consisting of fixed interest rate loans. Excluding loans insured by U.S. government agencies, both early-stage and late-stage delinquencies declined from  December 31, 2014 . Nonaccrual loans decreased from the prior year but remain elevated primarily as a result of loss mitigation activities. Net charge-offs remain low, reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm’s prime mortgage portfolio included  $11.1 billion  and  $12.4 billion , respectively, of mortgage loans insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, of which  $8.4 billion  and  $9.7 billion , respectively, were 30 days or more past due (of these past due loans,  $6.3 billion  and  $7.8 billion , respectively, were 90 days or more past due). In 2014, the Firm entered into a settlement regarding loans insured under federal mortgage insurance programs overseen by the Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”), the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”), and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”); the Firm will continue to monitor exposure on future claim payments for government insured loans, but any financial impact related to exposure on future claims is not expected to be significant and was considered in estimating the allowance for loan losses.   At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm’s prime mortgage portfolio included  $17.7 billion  and  $16.3 billion , respectively, of interest-only loans, which represented  11%  and  15% , respectively, of the prime mortgage portfolio. These loans have an interest-only payment period generally followed by an adjustable-rate or fixed-rate fully amortizing payment period to maturity and are typically originated as higher-balance loans to higher-income borrowers. To date, losses on this portfolio generally have been consistent with the broader prime mortgage portfolio and the Firm’s expectations. The Firm continues to monitor the risks associated with these loans. Subprime mortgages continued to decrease due to portfolio runoff. Early-stage and late-stage delinquencies have improved from  December 31, 2014 . Net charge-offs continued to improve as a result of improvement in home prices and delinquencies. Auto : Auto loans increased from  December 31, 2014 , as new originations outpaced paydowns and payoffs. Nonaccrual loans were stable compared with  December 31, 2014 . Net charge-offs for the year ended  December 31, 2015  increased compared with the prior year, as a result of higher loan balances and a moderate increase in loss severity. The auto loan portfolio predominantly consists of prime-quality credits. Business banking:  Business banking loans increased from  December 31, 2014  due to an increase in loan originations. Nonaccrual loans declined from  December 31, 2014  and net charge-offs for the year ended  December 31, 2015  decreased from the prior year due to continued discipline in credit underwriting. Student and other:  Student and other loans decreased from  December 31, 2014  due primarily to the run-off of the student loan portfolio as the Firm ceased originations of student loans during the fourth quarter of 2013. Nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs also declined as a result of the run-off of the student loan portfolio. Purchased credit-impaired loans:  PCI loans acquired in the Washington Mutual transaction decreased as the portfolio continues to run off. As of  December 31, 2015 , approximately  14%  of the option ARM PCI loans were delinquent and approximately  64%  of the portfolio has been modified into fixed-rate, fully amortizing loans. Substantially all of the remaining loans are making amortizing payments, although such payments are not necessarily fully amortizing. This latter group of loans is subject to the risk of payment shock due to future payment recast. Default rates generally increase on option ARM loans when payment recast results in a payment increase. The expected increase in default rates is considered in the Firm’s quarterly impairment assessment. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   117 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table provides a summary of lifetime principal loss estimates included in either the nonaccretable difference or the allowance for loan losses. Summary of lifetime principal loss estimates December 31, (in billions) Lifetime loss estimates (a)   LTD liquidation losses (b)   2015   2014   2015   2014 Home equity $ 14.5   $ 14.6   $ 12.7   $ 12.4 Prime mortgage 4.0   3.8   3.7   3.5 Subprime mortgage 3.3   3.3   3.0   2.8 Option ARMs 10.0   9.9   9.5   9.3 Total $ 31.8   $ 31.6   $ 28.9   $ 28.0 (a) Includes the original nonaccretable difference established in purchase accounting of  $30.5 billion  for principal losses plus additional principal losses recognized subsequent to acquisition through the provision and allowance for loan losses. The remaining nonaccretable difference for principal losses was  $1.5 billion  and  $2.3 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (b) Life-to-date (“LTD”) liquidation losses represent both realization of loss upon loan resolution and any principal forgiven upon modification. For further information on the Firm’s PCI loans, including write-offs, see Note 14. Geographic composition of residential real estate loans At  December 31, 2015 ,  $123.0 billion , or  61%  of total retained residential real estate loan portfolio, excluding mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies and PCI loans, were concentrated in California, New York, Illinois, Texas and Florida, compared with  $94.3 billion , or  63% , at  December 31, 2014 . California had the greatest concentration of retained residential loans with  28%  at  December 31, 2015 , compared with  26%  at  December 31, 2014 . The unpaid principal balance of PCI loans concentrated in these five states represented  74%  of total PCI loans at both  December 31, 2015 , and  December 31, 2014 . For further information on the geographic composition of the Firm’s residential real estate loans, see Note 14.           Current estimated loan-to-values (“LTVs”) of residential real estate loans The current estimated average LTV ratio for residential real estate loans retained, excluding mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies and PCI loans, was  59%  at both  December 31, 2015  and 2014.   Although home prices continue to recover, the decline in home prices since 2007 has had a significant impact on the collateral values underlying the Firm’s residential real estate loan portfolio. In general, the delinquency rate for loans with high LTV ratios is greater than the delinquency rate for loans in which the borrower has greater equity in the collateral. While a large portion of the loans with current estimated LTV ratios greater than 100% continue to pay and are current, the continued willingness and ability of these borrowers to pay remains a risk. 118   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents the current estimated LTV ratios for PCI loans, as well as the ratios of the carrying value of the underlying loans to the current estimated collateral value. Because such loans were initially measured at fair value, the ratios of the carrying value to the current estimated collateral value will be lower than the current estimated LTV ratios, which are based on the unpaid principal balances. The estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting ratios are necessarily imprecise and should therefore be viewed as estimates. LTV ratios and ratios of carrying values to current estimated collateral values – PCI loans               2015   2014   December 31, (in millions,  except ratios)   Unpaid principal balance Current estimated  LTV ratio (a)(b) Net carrying value (d) Ratio of net carrying value to current estimated  collateral value (b)(d)   Unpaid principal  balance Current estimated  LTV ratio (a)(b) Net carrying value (d) Ratio of net carrying value to current estimated  collateral value (b)(d)   Home equity   $ 15,342 73 % (c)   $ 13,281 68 % (e)   $ 17,740 78 % (c)   $ 15,337 73 % (e)   Prime mortgage   8,919 66   7,908 58   10,249 71   9,027 63   Subprime mortgage   4,051 73   3,263 59   4,652 79   3,493 59   Option ARMs   14,353 64   13,804 62   16,496 69   15,514 65   (a) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated at least quarterly based on home valuation models that utilize nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates; such models incorporate actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. (b) Effective  December 31, 2015 , the current estimated LTV ratios and the ratios of net carrying value to current estimated collateral value reflect updates to the nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporated into the Firm’s home valuation models. The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with these updates in the home price index. (c) Represents current estimated combined LTV for junior home equity liens, which considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. All other products are presented without consideration of subordinate liens on the property. (d) Net carrying value includes the effect of fair value adjustments that were applied to the consumer PCI portfolio at the date of acquisition and is also net of the allowance for loan losses at  December 31, 2015  and  2014  of  $985 million  and  $1.2 billion  for prime mortgage,  $49 million  and  $194 million  for option ARMs,  $1.7 billion  and $1.8 billion for home equity, respectively, and $180 million for subprime mortgage at  December 31, 2014 . There was no allowance for loan losses for subprime mortgage at  December 31, 2015 .  (e) The current period ratio has been updated to include the effect of any outstanding senior lien related to a property for which the Firm holds the junior home equity lien. The prior period ratio has been revised to conform with the current presentation.  The current estimated average LTV ratios were  65%  and  78%  for California and Florida PCI loans, respectively, at  December 31, 2015 , compared with  71%  and  85% , respectively, at  December 31, 2014 . Average LTV ratios have declined consistent with recent improvements in home prices as well as a result of loan pay downs. Although home prices have improved, home prices in most areas of California and Florida are still lower than at the peak of the housing market; this continues to negatively affect current estimated average LTV ratios and the ratio of net carrying value to current estimated collateral value for loans in the PCI portfolio. Of the total PCI portfolio,  6%  of the loans had a current estimated LTV ratio greater than 100%, and  1%  had a current LTV ratio of greater than 125% at  December 31, 2015 , compared with  10%  and  2% , respectively, at  December 31, 2014 . While the current estimated collateral value is greater than the net carrying value of PCI loans, the ultimate performance of this portfolio is highly dependent on borrowers’ behavior and ongoing ability and willingness to continue to make payments on homes with negative equity, as well as on the cost of alternative housing. For further information on current estimated LTVs of residential real estate loans, see Note 14. Loan modification activities – residential real estate loans The performance of modified loans generally differs by product type due to differences in both the credit quality and the types of modifications provided. Performance    metrics for modifications to the residential real estate portfolio, excluding PCI loans, that have been seasoned more than six months show weighted-average redefault rates of  20%  for senior lien home equity,  22%  for junior lien home equity,  17%  for prime mortgages including option ARMs, and  29%  for subprime mortgages. The cumulative performance metrics for modifications to the PCI residential real estate portfolio that have been seasoned more than six months show weighted average redefault rates of  20%  for home equity,  19%  for prime mortgages,  16%  for option ARMs and  33%  for subprime mortgages. The favorable performance of the PCI option ARM modifications is the result of a targeted proactive program which fixed the borrower’s payment to the amount at the point of modification. The cumulative redefault rates reflect the performance of modifications completed under both the U.S. Government’s Home Affordable Modification Program (“HAMP”) and the Firm’s proprietary modification programs (primarily the Firm’s modification program that was modeled after HAMP) from October 1, 2009, through  December 31, 2015 . Certain loans that were modified under HAMP and the Firm’s proprietary modification programs have interest rate reset provisions (“step-rate modifications”). Interest rates on these loans generally began to increase in 2014 by 1% per year and will continue to do so, until the rate reaches a specified cap, typically at a prevailing market interest rate for a fixed-rate loan as of the modification date. The  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   119 Management’s discussion and analysis carrying value of non-PCI loans modified in step-rate modifications was  $4 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , with  $447 million  that experienced the initial interest rate increase in 2015 and  $1 billion  that is scheduled to experience the initial interest rate increase in each of 2016 and 2017. The unpaid principal balance of PCI loans modified in step-rate modifications was  $10 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , with  $1 billion  that experienced the initial interest rate increase in 2015, and  $3 billion  and  $2 billion  scheduled to experience the initial interest rate increase in 2016 and 2017, respectively. The Firm continues to monitor this risk exposure to ensure that it is appropriately considered in the allowance for loan losses. The following table presents information as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , relating to modified retained residential real estate loans for which concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications of PCI loans continue to be accounted for and reported as PCI loans, and the impact of the modification is incorporated into the Firm’s quarterly assessment of estimated future cash flows. Modifications of consumer loans other than PCI loans are generally accounted for and reported as TDRs. For further information on modifications for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , see Note 14. Modified residential real estate loans   2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Retained loans Nonaccrual retained loans (d)   Retained loans Nonaccrual retained  loans (d) Modified residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans (a)(b)           Home equity – senior lien $ 1,048 $ 581   $ 1,101 $ 628 Home equity – junior lien 1,310 639   1,304 632 Prime mortgage, including option ARMs 4,826 1,287   6,145 1,559 Subprime mortgage 1,864 670   2,878 931 Total modified residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans $ 9,048 $ 3,177   $ 11,428 $ 3,750 Modified PCI loans (c)           Home equity $ 2,526 NA   $ 2,580 NA Prime mortgage 5,686 NA   6,309 NA Subprime mortgage 3,242 NA   3,647 NA Option ARMs 10,427 NA   11,711 NA Total modified PCI loans $ 21,881 NA   $ 24,247 NA (a) Amounts represent the carrying value of modified residential real estate loans. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  $3.8 billion  and  $4.9 billion , respectively, of loans modified subsequent to repurchase from Ginnie Mae in accordance with the standards of the appropriate government agency (i.e., FHA, VA, RHS) are not included in the table above. When such loans perform subsequent to modification in accordance with Ginnie Mae guidelines, they are generally sold back into Ginnie Mae loan pools. Modified loans that do not re-perform become subject to foreclosure. For additional information about sales of loans in securitization transactions with Ginnie Mae, see Note 16. (c) Amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of modified PCI loans. (d) As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , nonaccrual loans included  $2.5 billion  and  $2.9 billion , respectively, of TDRs for which the borrowers were less than 90 days past due. For additional information about loans modified in a TDR that are on nonaccrual status, see Note 14.   Nonperforming assets The following table presents information as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , about consumer, excluding credit card, nonperforming assets. Nonperforming assets (a)       December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014 Nonaccrual loans (b)       Residential real estate $ 4,792   $ 5,845 Other consumer 621   664 Total nonaccrual loans 5,413   6,509 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions       Real estate owned 277   437 Other 48   36 Total assets acquired in loan satisfactions 325   473 Total nonperforming assets $ 5,738   $ 6,982 (a) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $6.3 billion  and  $7.8 billion , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of  $290 million  and  $367 million , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; and (3) real estate owned insured by U.S. government agencies of  $343 million  and  $462 million , respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee.  (b) Excludes PCI loans that were acquired as part of the Washington Mutual transaction, which are accounted for on a pool basis. Since each pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of the pools, or that of individual loans within the pools, is not meaningful. Because the Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of loans, each pool is considered to be performing. Nonaccrual loans in the residential real estate portfolio totaled   $4.8 billion   and   $5.8 billion   at   December 31, 2015 , and   2014 , respectively, of which   31%   and   32% , respectively, were  greater than 150 days past due. In the aggregate, the unpaid principal balance of residential real estate loans greater than 150 days past due was charged down by approximately  44%  and  50%  to the estimated net realizable value of the collateral at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively.  Active and suspended foreclosure:  For information on loans that were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure, see Note 14. Nonaccrual loans:  The following table presents changes in the consumer, excluding credit card, nonaccrual loans for the  years ended   December 31, 2015  and  2014 . Nonaccrual loans     Year ended December 31,       (in millions)   2015 2014 Beginning balance   $ 6,509 $ 7,496 Additions   3,662 4,905 Reductions:       Principal payments and other (a)   1,668 1,859 Charge-offs   800 1,306 Returned to performing status   1,725 2,083 Foreclosures and other liquidations   565 644 Total reductions   4,758 5,892 Net additions/(reductions)   (1,096 ) (987 ) Ending balance   $ 5,413 $ 6,509 (a) Other reductions includes loan sales. 120   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Credit Card Total credit card loans increased from  December 31, 2014  due to higher new account originations and increased credit card sales volume partially offset by sales of non-core loans and the transfer of commercial card loans to the CIB. The 30+ day delinquency rate decreased to  1.43%  at  December 31, 2015 , from  1.44%  at  December 31, 2014 . For the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the net charge-off rates were  2.51%  and  2.75% , respectively. The Credit Card 30+ day delinquency rate and net charge-off rate remain near historic lows. Charge-offs have improved compared to a year ago due to continued discipline in credit underwriting as well as improvement in the economy driven by lower unemployment. The credit card portfolio continues to reflect a well-seasoned, largely rewards-based portfolio that has good U.S. geographic diversification.    Loans outstanding in the top five states of California, Texas, New York, Florida and Illinois consisted of  $57.5 billion  in receivables, or  44%  of the retained loan portfolio, at  December 31, 2015 , compared with  $54.9 billion , or  43% , at  December 31, 2014 . The greatest geographic concentration of credit card retained loans is in California, which represented  14%  of total retained loans at both  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. For further information on the geographic composition of the Firm’s credit card loans, see Note 14.        Modifications of credit card loans At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm had  $1.5 billion  and  $2.0 billion , respectively, of credit card loans outstanding that have been modified in TDRs. These balances included both credit card loans with modified payment terms and credit card loans that reverted back to their pre-modification payment terms because the cardholder did not comply with the modified payment terms. The decrease in modified credit card loans outstanding from  December 31, 2014 , was attributable to a reduction in new modifications as well as ongoing payments and charge-offs on previously modified credit card loans.    Consistent with the Firm’s policy, all credit card loans typically remain on accrual status until charged off. However, the Firm establishes an allowance, which is offset against loans and charged to interest income, for the estimated uncollectible portion of accrued interest and fee income. For additional information about loan modification programs to borrowers, see Note 14. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   121 Management’s discussion and analysis WHOLESALE CREDIT PORTFOLIO The Firm’s wholesale businesses are exposed to credit risk through underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through various operating services such as cash management and clearing activities. A portion of the loans originated or acquired by the Firm’s wholesale businesses is generally retained on the balance sheet. The Firm distributes a significant percentage of the loans it originates into the market as part of its syndicated loan business and to manage portfolio concentrations and credit risk. The wholesale credit portfolio, excluding Oil & Gas, continued to be generally stable throughout 2015, characterized by low levels of criticized exposure, nonaccrual loans and charge-offs. Growth in loans retained was driven by increased client activity, notably in commercial real estate. Discipline in underwriting across all areas of lending continues to remain a key point of focus. The wholesale portfolio is actively managed, in part by conducting ongoing, in-depth reviews of client credit quality and transaction structure, inclusive of collateral where applicable; and of industry, product and client concentrations.   Wholesale credit portfolio December 31, Credit exposure   Nonperforming (c) (in millions) 2015 2014   2015 2014 Loans retained $ 357,050 $ 324,502   $ 988 $ 599 Loans held-for-sale 1,104 3,801   3 4 Loans at fair value 2,861 2,611   25 21 Loans – reported 361,015 330,914   1,016 624 Derivative receivables 59,677 78,975   204 275 Receivables from customers and other (a) 13,372 28,972   — — Total wholesale credit-related assets 434,064 438,861   1,220 899 Lending-related commitments 366,399 366,881   193 103 Total wholesale credit exposure $ 800,463 $ 805,742   $ 1,413 $ 1,002 Credit derivatives used  in credit portfolio management activities (b) $ (20,681 ) $ (26,703 )   $ (9 ) $ — Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (16,580 ) (19,604 )   NA NA (a) Receivables from customers and other include  $13.3 billion  and  $28.8 billion  of margin loans at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, to prime and retail brokerage customers; these are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. For additional information, see Credit derivatives on  page 129 , and Note 6. (c) Excludes assets acquired in loan satisfactions. 122   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following tables present the maturity and ratings profiles of the wholesale credit portfolio as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal risk ratings, which generally correspond to the ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s. For additional information on wholesale loan portfolio risk ratings, see Note 14. Wholesale credit exposure – maturity and ratings profile                 Maturity profile (e)   Ratings profile   Due in 1 year or less Due after  1 year through  5 years Due after 5 years Total   Investment-grade   Noninvestment-grade   Total Total %  of IG December 31, 2015 (in millions, except ratios)   AAA/Aaa to BBB-/Baa3   BB+/Ba1 & below   Loans retained $ 110,348 $ 155,902 $ 90,800 $ 357,050   $ 267,736   $ 89,314   $ 357,050 75 % Derivative receivables       59,677           59,677   Less:  Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       (16,580 )           (16,580 )   Total derivative receivables, net of all collateral 11,399 12,836 18,862 43,097   34,773   8,324   43,097 81 Lending-related commitments 105,514 251,042 9,843 366,399   267,922   98,477   366,399 73 Subtotal 227,261 419,780 119,505 766,546   570,431   196,115   766,546 74 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a)       3,965           3,965   Receivables from customers and other       13,372           13,372   Total exposure – net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       $ 783,883           $ 783,883   Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities by reference entity ratings profile (b)(c)(d) $ (808 ) $ (14,427 ) $ (5,446 ) $ (20,681 )   $ (17,754 )   $ (2,927 )   $ (20,681 ) 86 %   Maturity profile (e)   Ratings profile   Due in 1 year or less Due after  1 year through  5 years Due after 5 years Total   Investment-grade   Noninvestment-grade   Total Total %  of IG December 31, 2014 (in millions, except ratios)   AAA/Aaa to BBB-/Baa3   BB+/Ba1 & below   Loans retained $ 112,411 $ 134,277 $ 77,814 $ 324,502   $ 241,666   $ 82,836   $ 324,502 74 % Derivative receivables       78,975           78,975   Less:  Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       (19,604 )           (19,604 )   Total derivative receivables, net of all collateral 20,032 16,130 23,209 59,371   50,815 (f)   8,556 (f)   59,371 86 Lending-related commitments 94,635 262,572 9,674 366,881   284,288   82,593   366,881 77 Subtotal 227,078 412,979 110,697 750,754   576,769   173,985   750,754 77 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a)       6,412           6,412   Receivables from customers and other       28,972           28,972   Total exposure – net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       $ 786,138           $ 786,138   Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities by reference entity ratings profile (b)(c)(d) $ (2,050 ) $ (18,653 ) $ (6,000 ) $ (26,703 )   $ (23,571 )   $ (3,132 )   $ (26,703 ) 88 % (a) Represents loans held-for-sale, primarily related to syndicated loans and loans transferred from the retained portfolio, and loans at fair value. (b) These derivatives do not quality for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. (c) The notional amounts are presented on a net basis by underlying reference entity and the ratings profile shown is based on the ratings of the reference entity on which protection has been purchased. (d) Predominantly all of the credit derivatives entered into by the Firm where it has purchased protection, including Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, are executed with investment grade counterparties. (e) The maturity profile of retained loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables is based on remaining contractual maturity. Derivative contracts that are in a receivable position at  December 31, 2015 , may become a payable prior to maturity based on their cash flow profile or changes in market conditions. (f) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. Wholesale credit exposure – industry exposures The Firm focuses on the management and diversification of its industry exposures, paying particular attention to industries with actual or potential credit concerns. Exposures deemed criticized align with the U.S. banking regulators’ definition of criticized exposures, which consist    of the special mention, substandard and doubtful categories. The total criticized component of the portfolio, excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value, was  $14.6 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , compared with  $10.1 billion  at  December 31, 2014 , driven by downgrades within the Oil & Gas portfolio. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   123 Management’s discussion and analysis Effective in the fourth quarter 2015, the Firm realigned its wholesale industry divisions in order to better monitor and manage industry concentrations. Included in this realignment is the combination of certain previous stand-alone industries (e.g. Consumer & Retail) as well as the creation of a new industry division, Financial Market Infrastructure, consisting of clearing houses, exchanges and related depositories. In the tables below, the prior period information has been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Below are summaries of the Firm’s exposures as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . For additional information on industry concentrations, see Note 5. Wholesale credit exposure – industries (a)               Selected metrics             30 days or more past due and accruing loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges (e) Liquid securities  and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables       Noninvestment-grade   Credit exposure (d) Investment-  grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized  nonperforming As of or for the year ended  December 31, 2015 (in millions) Real Estate $ 116,857 $ 88,076 $ 27,087 $ 1,463 $ 231 $ 208 $ (14 ) $ (54 ) $ (47 ) Consumer & Retail 85,460 53,647 29,659 1,947 207 18 13 (288 ) (94 ) Technology, Media &    Telecommunications 57,382 29,205 26,925 1,208 44 5 (1 ) (806 ) (21 ) Industrials 54,386 36,519 16,663 1,164 40 59 8 (386 ) (39 ) Healthcare 46,053 37,858 7,755 394 46 129 (7 ) (24 ) (245 ) Banks & Finance Cos 43,398 35,071 7,654 610 63 17 (5 ) (974 ) (5,509 ) Oil & Gas 42,077 24,379 13,158 4,263 277 22 13 (530 ) (37 ) Utilities 30,853 24,983 5,655 168 47 3 — (190 ) (289 ) State & Municipal Govt (b) 29,114 28,307 745 7 55 55 (8 ) (146 ) (81 ) Asset Managers 23,815 20,214 3,570 31 — 18 — (6 ) (4,453 ) Transportation 19,227 13,258 5,801 167 1 15 3 (51 ) (243 ) Central Govt 17,968 17,871 97 — — 7 — (9,359 ) (2,393 ) Chemicals & Plastics 15,232 10,910 4,017 274 31 9 — (17 ) — Metals & Mining 14,049 6,522 6,434 1,008 85 1 — (449 ) (4 ) Automotive 13,864 9,182 4,580 101 1 4 (2 ) (487 ) (1 ) Insurance 11,889 9,812 1,958 26 93 23 — (157 ) (1,410 ) Financial Markets Infrastructure 7,973 7,304 669 — — — — — (167 ) Securities Firms 4,412 1,505 2,907 — — 3 — (102 ) (256 ) All other (c) 149,117 130,488 18,095 370 164 1,015 10 (6,655 ) (1,291 ) Subtotal 783,126 $ 585,111 $ 183,429 $ 13,201 $ 1,385 $ 1,611 $ 10 $ (20,681 ) $ (16,580 ) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 3,965                 Receivables from customers and interests in purchased receivables 13,372                 Total $ 800,463                 124   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report                                 Selected metrics             30 days or more past due and accruing loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges (f) Liquid securities  and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables       Noninvestment-grade   Credit exposure (e) Investment-  grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized  nonperforming As of or for the year ended  December 31, 2014 (in millions) Real Estate $ 105,975 $ 78,996 $ 25,370 $ 1,356 $ 253 $ 309 $ (9 ) $ (36 ) $ (27 ) Consumer & Retail 83,663 52,872 28,289 2,315 187 92 9 (81 ) (26 ) Technology, Media &     Telecommunications 46,655 29,792 15,358 1,446 59 25 (5 ) (1,107 ) (13 ) Industrials 47,859 29,246 17,483 1,117 13 58 (1 ) (338 ) (24 ) Healthcare 56,516 48,402 7,584 488 42 193 16 (94 ) (244 ) Banks & Finance Cos 55,098 45,962 8,611 508 17 46 (4 ) (1,232 ) (9,369 ) Oil & Gas 43,148 29,260 13,831 56 1 15 2 (144 ) (161 ) Utilities 27,441 23,533 3,653 255 — 198 (3 ) (155 ) (193 ) State & Municipal Govt (b) 31,068 30,147 819 102 — 69 24 (148 ) (130 ) Asset Managers 27,488 24,054 3,376 57 1 38 (12 ) (9 ) (4,545 ) Transportation 20,619 13,751 6,703 165 — 5 (12 ) (42 ) (279 ) Central Govt 19,881 19,647 176 58 — — — (11,342 ) (1,161 ) Chemicals & Plastics 12,612 9,256 3,327 29 — 1 (2 ) (14 ) — Metals & Mining 14,969 8,304 6,161 504 — — 18 (377 ) (19 ) Automotive 12,754 8,071 4,522 161 — 1 (1 ) (140 ) — Insurance 13,350 10,550 2,558 80 162 — — (52 ) (2,372 ) Financial Markets Infrastructure 11,986 11,487 499 — — — — — (4 ) Securities Firms 4,801 2,491 2,245 10 55 20 4 (102 ) (212 ) All other (c) 134,475 118,639 15,214 435 187 1,231 (12 ) (11,290 ) (825 ) Subtotal $ 770,358 $ 594,460 $ 165,779 $ 9,142 $ 977 $ 2,301 $ 12 $ (26,703 ) $ (19,604 ) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 6,412                 Receivables from customers and interests in purchased receivables 28,972                 Total (d) $ 805,742                 (a) The industry rankings presented in the table as of  December 31, 2014 , are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at  December 31, 2015 , not actual rankings of such exposures at  December 31, 2014 . (b) In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , noted above, the Firm held:  $7.6 billion  and  $10.6 billion , respectively, of trading securities;  $33.6 billion  and  $30.1 billion , respectively, of available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities; and  $12.8 billion  and  $10.2 billion , respectively, of held-to-maturity (“HTM”) securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. For further information, see Note 3 and Note 12. (c) All other includes: individuals; SPEs; holding companies; and private education and civic organizations, representing approximately 54%, 37%, 5% and 4%, respectively, at  December 31, 2015 , and 55%, 33%, 6% and 6%, respectively, at  December 31, 2014 . (d) Excludes cash placed with banks of $351.0 billion and $501.5 billion, at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, placed with various central banks, predominantly Federal Reserve Banks. (e) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of “Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities” held against derivative receivables or loans and “Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables”. (f) Represents the net notional amounts of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage the credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. The All other category includes purchased credit protection on certain credit indices. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   125 Management’s discussion and analysis Presented below is a discussion of certain industries to which the Firm has significant exposure and/or present actual or potential credit concerns. For additional information, refer to the tables on the previous pages. • Real Estate:  Exposure to this industry increased by  $10.9 billion , or  10% , in  2015  to  $116.9 billion . The increase was largely driven by growth in multifamily exposure in Commercial Banking. The credit quality of this industry remained stable as the investment-grade portion of the exposures was 75% for 2015 and 2014. The ratio of nonaccrual retained loans to total retained loans decreased to  0.25%  at December 31, 2015 from  0.32%  at December 31, 2014. For further information on commercial real estate loans, see Note 14. • Oil & Gas:  Exposure to the Oil & Gas industry was approximately 5.3% and 5.4% of the Firm’s total wholesale exposure as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Exposure to this industry decreased by $1.1 billion in 2015 to $42.1 billion; of the $42.1 billion, $13.3 billion was drawn at year-end. As of December 31, 2015, approximately $24 billion of the exposure was investment-grade, of which $4 billion was drawn, and approximately $18 billion of the exposure was high yield, of which $9 billion was drawn. As of December 31, 2015, $23.5 billion of the portfolio was concentrated in the Exploration & Production and Oilfield Services sub-sectors, 36% of which exposure was drawn. Exposure to other sub-sectors, including Integrated oil and gas firms, Midstream/Oil Pipeline companies, and Refineries, is predominantly investment-grade. As of December 31, 2015, secured lending, which largely consists of reserve-based lending to the Oil & Gas industry, was $12.3 billion, 44% of which exposure was drawn.  In addition to $42.1 billion in exposure classified as Oil & Gas, the Firm had $4.3 billion in exposure to Natural Gas Pipelines and related Distribution businesses, of which $893 million was drawn at year end and 63% was investment-grade, and $4.1 billion in exposure to commercial real estate in geographies sensitive to the Oil & Gas industry.  The Firm continues to actively monitor and manage its exposure to the Oil & Gas industry in light of market conditions, and is also actively monitoring potential contagion effects on other related or dependent industries.   • Metals & Mining:  Exposure to the Metals & Mining industry was approximately 1.8% and 1.9% of the Firm’s total wholesale exposure as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Exposure to the Metals & Mining industry decreased by $920 million in 2015 to $14.0 billion, of which $4.6 billion was drawn. The portfolio largely consists of exposure in North America, and 59% is concentrated in the Steel and Diversified Mining sub-sectors. Approximately 46% of the exposure in the Metals & Mining portfolio was investment-grade as of December 31, 2015, a decrease from 55% as of December 31, 2014, due to downgrades. Loans In the normal course of its wholesale business, the Firm provides loans to a variety of customers, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. The Firm actively manages its wholesale credit exposure. One way of managing credit risk is through secondary market sales of loans and lending-related commitments. For further discussion on loans, including information on credit quality indicators and sales of loans, see Note 14. The following table presents the change in the nonaccrual loan portfolio for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . Wholesale nonaccrual loan activity     Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015 2014 Beginning balance   $ 624 $ 1,044 Additions   1,307 882 Reductions:     Paydowns and other   534 756 Gross charge-offs   87 148 Returned to performing status   286 303 Sales   8 95 Total reductions   915 1,302 Net changes   392 (420 ) Ending balance   $ 1,016 $ 624 The following table presents net charge-offs, which are defined as gross charge-offs less recoveries, for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The amounts in the table below do not include gains or losses from sales of nonaccrual loans. Wholesale net charge-offs Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015 2014 Loans – reported     Average loans retained $ 337,407 $ 316,060 Gross charge-offs 95 151 Gross recoveries (85 ) (139 ) Net charge-offs 10 12 Net charge-off rate — % — % 126   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Receivables from customers Receivables from customers primarily represent margin loans to prime and retail brokerage clients that are collateralized through a pledge of assets maintained in clients’ brokerage accounts which are subject to daily minimum collateral requirements. In the event that the collateral value decreases, a maintenance margin call is made to the client to provide additional collateral into the account. If additional collateral is not provided by the client, the client’s position may be liquidated by the Firm to meet the minimum collateral requirements. Lending-related commitments The Firm uses lending-related financial instruments, such as commitments (including revolving credit facilities) and guarantees, to meet the financing needs of its customers. The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent the maximum possible credit risk should the counterparties draw down on these commitments or the Firm fulfills its obligations under these guarantees, and the counterparties subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of these contracts. In the Firm’s view, the total contractual amount of these wholesale lending-related commitments is not representative of the Firm’s likely actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. In determining the amount of credit risk exposure the Firm has to wholesale lending-related commitments, which is used as the basis for allocating credit risk capital to these commitments, the Firm has established a “loan-equivalent” amount for each commitment; this amount represents the portion of the unused commitment or other contingent exposure that is expected, based on average portfolio historical experience, to become drawn upon in an event of a default by an obligor. The loan-equivalent amount of the Firm’s lending-related commitments was  $212.4 billion  and  $216.5 billion  as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. Clearing services The Firm provides clearing services for clients entering into securities and derivative transactions. Through the provision of these services the Firm is exposed to the risk of non-performance by its clients and may be required to share in losses incurred by central counterparties (“CCPs”). Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk to its clients through the collection of adequate margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions and can also cease provision of clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. For further discussion of Clearing services, see Note 29.   Derivative contracts In the normal course of business, the Firm uses derivative instruments predominantly for market-making activities. Derivatives enable customers to manage exposures to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and other markets. The Firm also uses derivative instruments to manage its own credit and other market risk exposure. The nature of the counterparty and the settlement mechanism of the derivative affect the credit risk to which the Firm is exposed. For OTC derivatives the Firm is exposed to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. For exchange-traded derivatives (“ETD”), such as futures and options and “cleared” over-the-counter (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives, the Firm is generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant CCP. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk exposures arising from derivative transactions through the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements. For further discussion of derivative contracts, counterparties and settlement types, see Note 6. The following table summarizes the net derivative receivables for the periods presented. Derivative receivables     December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Interest rate $ 26,363 $ 33,725 Credit derivatives 1,423 1,838 Foreign exchange 17,177 21,253 Equity 5,529 8,177 Commodity 9,185 13,982 Total, net of cash collateral 59,677 78,975 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables (16,580 ) (19,604 ) Total, net of all collateral $ 43,097 $ 59,371 Derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets were  $59.7 billion  and  $79.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. These amounts represent the fair value of the derivative contracts, after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held by the Firm. However, in management’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk should also take into consideration additional liquid securities (primarily U.S. government and agency securities and other group of seven nations (“G7”) government bonds) and other cash collateral held by the Firm aggregating  $16.6 billion  and  $19.6 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, that may be used as security when the fair value of the client’s exposure is in the Firm’s favor. The decrease in derivative receivables was predominantly driven by declines in interest rate derivatives, commodity derivatives, foreign exchange derivatives and equity derivatives due to market movements, maturities and settlements related to client-driven market-making activities in CIB. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   127 Management’s discussion and analysis In addition to the collateral described in the preceding paragraph, the Firm also holds additional collateral (primarily cash; G7 government securities; other liquid government-agency and guaranteed securities; and corporate debt and equity securities) delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions, as well as collateral related to contracts that have a non-daily call frequency and collateral that the Firm has agreed to return but has not yet settled as of the reporting date. Although this collateral does not reduce the balances and is not included in the table above, it is available as security against potential exposure that could arise should the fair value of the client’s derivative transactions move in the Firm’s favor. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm held  $43.7 billion  and  $48.6 billion , respectively, of this additional collateral. The derivative receivables fair value, net of all collateral, also does not include other credit enhancements, such as letters of credit. For additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements, see Note 6. While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net fair value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture the potential future variability of credit exposure, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”), and Average exposure (“AVG”). These measures all incorporate netting and collateral benefits, where applicable. Peak represents a conservative measure of potential exposure to a counterparty calculated in a manner that is broadly equivalent to a 97.5% confidence level. Peak is the primary measure used by the Firm for setting of credit limits for derivative transactions, senior management reporting and derivatives exposure management. DRE exposure is a measure that expresses the risk of derivative exposure on a basis intended to be equivalent to the risk of loan exposures. DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak and is used for aggregating derivative credit risk exposures with loans and other credit risk. Finally, AVG is a measure of the expected fair value of the Firm’s derivative receivables at future time periods, including the benefit of collateral. AVG exposure over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing purposes and is used to calculate credit capital and the CVA, as further described below. The three year AVG exposure was  $32.4 billion  and  $37.5 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, compared with derivative receivables, net of all collateral, of  $43.1 billion  and  $59.4 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively.   The fair value of the Firm’s derivative receivables incorporates an adjustment, the CVA, to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. The CVA is based on the Firm’s AVG to a counterparty and the counterparty’s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The primary components of changes in CVA are credit spreads, new deal activity or unwinds, and changes in the underlying market environment. The Firm believes that active risk management is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives portfolio. In addition, the Firm’s risk management process takes into consideration the potential impact of wrong-way risk, which is broadly defined as the potential for increased correlation between the Firm’s exposure to a counterparty (AVG) and the counterparty’s credit quality. Many factors may influence the nature and magnitude of these correlations over time. To the extent that these correlations are identified, the Firm may adjust the CVA associated with that counterparty’s AVG. The Firm risk manages exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative transactions, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivative transactions. The accompanying graph shows exposure profiles to the Firm’s current derivatives portfolio over the next 10 years as calculated by the Peak, DRE and AVG metrics. The three measures generally show that exposure will decline after the first year, if no new trades are added to the portfolio. Exposure profile of derivatives measures December 31, 2015 (in billions) 128   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table summarizes the ratings profile by derivative counterparty of the Firm’s derivative receivables, including credit derivatives, net of other liquid securities collateral, at the dates indicated. The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal ratings, which generally correspond to the ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s. Ratings profile of derivative receivables           Rating equivalent 2015   2014 (a) December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Exposure net of all collateral % of exposure net  of all collateral   Exposure net of all collateral % of exposure net  of all collateral AAA/Aaa to AA-/Aa3 $ 10,371 24 %   $ 18,713 32 % A+/A1 to A-/A3 10,595 25   13,508 23 BBB+/Baa1 to BBB-/Baa3 13,807 32   18,594 31 BB+/Ba1 to B-/B3 7,500 17   7,735 13 CCC+/Caa1 and below 824 2   821 1 Total $ 43,097 100 %   $ 59,371 100 % (a) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. As previously noted, the Firm uses collateral agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk. The percentage of the Firm’s derivatives transactions subject to collateral agreements — excluding foreign exchange spot trades, which are not typically covered by collateral agreements due to their short maturity — was  87%  as of  December 31, 2015 , largely unchanged compared with  88%  as of  December 31, 2014 . Credit derivatives The Firm uses credit derivatives for two primary purposes: first, in its capacity as a market-maker, and second, as an end-user to manage the Firm’s own credit risk associated with various exposures. For a detailed description of credit derivatives, see Credit derivatives in Note 6. Credit portfolio management activities Included in the Firm’s end-user activities are credit derivatives used to mitigate the credit risk associated with traditional lending activities (loans and unfunded commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposure in the Firm’s wholesale businesses (collectively, “credit portfolio management” activities). Information on credit portfolio management activities is provided in the table below. For further information on derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, see Credit derivatives in Note 6. The Firm also uses credit derivatives as an end-user to manage other exposures, including credit risk arising from certain securities held in the Firm’s market-making businesses. These credit derivatives are not included in credit portfolio management activities; for further information on these credit derivatives as well as credit derivatives used in the Firm’s capacity as a market-maker in credit derivatives, see Credit derivatives in Note 6.   Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities   Notional amount of protection  purchased  (a) December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014 Credit derivatives used to manage:       Loans and lending-related commitments $ 2,289   $ 2,047 Derivative receivables 18,392   24,656 Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities $ 20,681   $ 26,703 (a) Amounts are presented net, considering the Firm’s net protection purchased or sold with respect to each underlying reference entity or index. The credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP; these derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in principal transactions revenue. In contrast, the loans and lending-related commitments being risk-managed are accounted for on an accrual basis. This asymmetry in accounting treatment, between loans and lending-related commitments and the credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, causes earnings volatility that is not representative, in the Firm’s view, of the true changes in value of the Firm’s overall credit exposure. The effectiveness of the Firm’s credit default swap (“CDS”) protection as a hedge of the Firm’s exposures may vary depending on a number of factors, including the named reference entity (i.e., the Firm may experience losses on specific exposures that are different than the named reference entities in the purchased CDS); the contractual terms of the CDS (which may have a defined credit event that does not align with an actual loss realized by the Firm); and the maturity of the Firm’s CDS protection (which in some cases may be shorter than the Firm’s exposures). However, the Firm generally seeks to purchase credit protection with a maturity date that is the same or similar to the maturity date of the exposure for which the protection was purchased, and remaining differences in maturity are actively monitored and managed by the Firm. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   129 Management’s discussion and analysis ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES  JPMorgan Chase ’s allowance for loan losses covers both the consumer (primarily scored) portfolio and wholesale (risk-rated) portfolio. The allowance represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Firm’s loan portfolio. Management also determines an allowance for wholesale and certain consumer lending-related commitments. For a further discussion of the components of the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments, see Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on  pages 165–169  and Note 15. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Controller of the Firm, and discussed with the DRPC and Audit Committee of the Firm’s Board of Directors. As of  December 31, 2015 ,  JPMorgan Chase  deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appropriate and sufficient to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio.   The consumer, excluding credit card, allowance for loan losses decreased from  December 31, 2014 , due to a reduction in the residential real estate portfolio allowance, reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies and increased granularity in the impairment estimates. For additional information about delinquencies and nonaccrual loans in the consumer, excluding credit card, loan portfolio, see Consumer Credit Portfolio on  pages 115–121  and Note 14. The credit card allowance for loan losses was relatively unchanged from  December 31, 2014 , reflecting stable credit quality trends. For additional information about delinquencies in the credit card loan portfolio, see Consumer Credit Portfolio on  pages 115–121  and Note 14. The wholesale allowance for credit losses increased from December 31, 2014, reflecting the impact of downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio. Excluding Oil and Gas, the wholesale portfolio continued to experience generally stable credit quality trends and low charge-off rates. 130   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses             2015   2014 Year ended December 31, Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total (in millions, except ratios) Allowance for loan losses                   Beginning balance at January 1, $ 7,050 $ 3,439 $ 3,696 $ 14,185   $ 8,456 $ 3,795 $ 4,013 $ 16,264 Gross charge-offs 1,658 3,488 95 5,241   2,132 3,831 151 6,114 Gross recoveries (704 ) (366 ) (85 ) (1,155 )   (814 ) (402 ) (139 ) (1,355 ) Net charge-offs 954 3,122 10 4,086   1,318 3,429 12 4,759 Write-offs of PCI loans (a) 208 — — 208   533 — — 533 Provision for loan losses (82 ) 3,122 623 3,663   414 3,079 (269 ) 3,224 Other — (5 ) 6 1   31 (6 ) (36 ) (11 ) Ending balance at December 31, $ 5,806 $ 3,434 $ 4,315 $ 13,555   $ 7,050 $ 3,439 $ 3,696 $ 14,185 Impairment methodology                   Asset-specific (b) $ 364 $ 460 $ 274 $ 1,098   $ 539 $ 500 $ 87 $ 1,126 Formula-based 2,700 2,974 4,041 9,715   3,186 2,939 3,609 9,734 PCI 2,742 — — 2,742   3,325 — — 3,325 Total allowance for loan losses $ 5,806 $ 3,434 $ 4,315 $ 13,555   $ 7,050 $ 3,439 $ 3,696 $ 14,185 Allowance for lending-related commitments                   Beginning balance at January 1, $ 13 $ — $ 609 $ 622   $ 8 $ — $ 697 $ 705 Provision for lending-related commitments 1 — 163 164   5 — (90 ) (85 ) Other — — — —   — — 2 2 Ending balance at December 31, $ 14 $ — $ 772 $ 786   $ 13 $ — $ 609 $ 622 Impairment methodology                   Asset-specific $ — $ — $ 73 $ 73   $ — $ — $ 60 $ 60 Formula-based 14 — 699 713   13 — 549 562 Total allowance for lending-related commitments (c) $ 14 $ — $ 772 $ 786   $ 13 $ — $ 609 $ 622 Total allowance for credit losses $ 5,820 $ 3,434 $ 5,087 $ 14,341   $ 7,063 $ 3,439 $ 4,305 $ 14,807 Memo:                   Retained loans, end of period $ 344,355 $ 131,387 $ 357,050 $ 832,792   $ 294,979 $ 128,027 $ 324,502 $ 747,508 Retained loans, average 318,612 124,274 337,407 780,293   289,212 124,604 316,060 729,876 PCI loans, end of period 40,998 — 4 41,002   46,696 — 4 46,700 Credit ratios                   Allowance for loan losses to retained loans 1.69 % 2.61 % 1.21 % 1.63 %   2.39 % 2.69 % 1.14 % 1.90 % Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans (d) 109 NM 437 215   110 NM 617 202 Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans excluding credit card 109 NM 437 161   110 NM 617 153 Net charge-off rates 0.30 2.51 — 0.52   0.46 2.75 — 0.65 Credit ratios, excluding residential real estate PCI loans                   Allowance for loan losses to  retained loans 1.01 2.61 1.21 1.37   1.50 2.69 1.14 1.55 Allowance for loan losses to  retained nonaccrual loans (d) 58 NM 437 172   58 NM 617 155 Allowance for loan losses to  retained nonaccrual loans excluding credit card 58 NM 437 117   58 NM 617 106 Net charge-off rates 0.35 % 2.51 % — % 0.55 %   0.55 % 2.75 % — % 0.70 % Note: In the table above, the financial measures which exclude the impact of PCI loans are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82 . (a) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool (e.g., upon liquidation). During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Firm recorded a $291 million adjustment to reduce the PCI allowance and the recorded investment in the Firm’s PCI loan portfolio, primarily reflecting the cumulative effect of interest forgiveness modifications. This adjustment had no impact to the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income. (b) Includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and loans that have been modified in a TDR. The asset-specific credit card allowance for loan losses modified in a TDR is calculated based on the loans’ original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. (c) The allowance for lending-related commitments is reported in other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. (d) The Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   131 Management’s discussion and analysis Provision for credit losses For the year ended  December 31, 2015 , the provision for credit losses was  $3.8 billion , compared with  $3.1 billion  for the year ended  December 31, 2014 .  The total consumer provision for credit losses for the year ended  December 31, 2015  reflected lower net charge-offs due to continued discipline in credit underwriting as well as improvement in the economy driven by increasing home prices and lower unemployment, partially offset by a lower reduction in the allowance for loan loss compared with  December 31, 2014 .    The wholesale provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2015 reflected the impact of downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio. Year ended December 31, Provision for loan losses   Provision for  lending-related commitments   Total provision for credit losses (in millions) 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Consumer, excluding credit card $ (82 ) $ 414 $ (1,872 )   $ 1 $ 5 $ 1   $ (81 ) $ 419 $ (1,871 ) Credit card 3,122 3,079 2,179   — — —   3,122 3,079 2,179 Total consumer 3,040 3,493 307   1 5 1   3,041 3,498 308 Wholesale 623 (269 ) (119 )   163 (90 ) 36   786 (359 ) (83 ) Total $ 3,663 $ 3,224 $ 188   $ 164 $ (85 ) $ 37   $ 3,827 $ 3,139 $ 225 132   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT Market risk is the potential for adverse changes in the value of the Firm’s assets and liabilities resulting from changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, implied volatilities or credit spreads. Market risk management Market Risk management, part of the independent risk management function, is responsible for identifying and monitoring market risks throughout the Firm and defines market risk policies and procedures. The Market Risk function reports to the Firm’s CRO. Market Risk seeks to control risk, facilitate efficient risk/return decisions, reduce volatility in operating performance and provide transparency into the Firm’s market risk profile for senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. Market Risk is responsible for the following functions: • Establishment of a market risk policy framework • Independent measurement, monitoring and control of line of business and firmwide market risk • Definition, approval and monitoring of limits • Performance of stress testing and qualitative risk assessments Risk identification and classification Each line of business is responsible for the management of the market risks within its units. The independent risk management group responsible for overseeing each line of business is charged with ensuring that all material market risks are appropriately identified, measured, monitored and managed in accordance with the risk policy framework set out by Market Risk. Risk measurement Tools used to measure risk  Because no single measure can reflect all aspects of market risk, the Firm uses various metrics, both statistical and nonstatistical, including: • VaR • Economic-value stress testing • Nonstatistical risk measures • Loss advisories • Profit and loss drawdowns • Earnings-at-risk   Risk monitoring and control  Market risk is controlled primarily through a series of limits set in the context of the market environment and business strategy. In setting limits, the Firm takes into consideration factors such as market volatility, product liquidity and accommodation of client business and management experience. The Firm maintains different levels of limits. Corporate level limits include VaR and stress limits. Similarly, line of business limits include VaR and stress limits and may be supplemented by loss advisories, nonstatistical measurements and profit and loss drawdowns. Limits may also be set within the lines of business, as well at the portfolio or legal entity level. Limits are set by Market Risk and are regularly reviewed and updated as appropriate, with any changes approved by line of business management and Market Risk. Senior management, including the Firm’s CEO and CRO, are responsible for reviewing and approving certain of these risk limits on an ongoing basis. All limits that have not been reviewed within specified time periods by Market Risk are escalated to senior management. The lines of business are responsible for adhering to established limits against which exposures are monitored and reported. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner to limit approvers, Market Risk and senior management. In the event of a breach, Market Risk consults with Firm senior management and the line of business senior management to determine the appropriate course of action required to return to compliance, which may include a reduction in risk in order to remedy the breach. Certain Firm or line of business-level limits that have been breached for three business days or longer, or by more than 30%, are escalated to senior management and the Firmwide Risk Committee. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   133 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table summarizes by LOB the predominant business activities that give rise to market risk, and the market risk management tools utilized to manage those risks; CB is not presented in the table below as it does not give rise to significant market risk.   Risk identification and classification for business activities              LOB Predominant business activities and related market risks Positions included in Risk Management VaR Positions included in other risk measures  (Not included in Risk Management VaR)   CIB •   Makes markets and services clients across fixed income, foreign exchange, equities and commodities •   Market risk arising from changes in market prices (e.g. rates and credit spreads) resulting in a potential decline in net income •   Market risk (a)  related to:  •   Trading assets/liabilities – debt and equity instruments, and derivatives, including hedges of the retained loan portfolio •   Certain securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed •   Certain securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements •   Structured notes •   Derivative CVA and associated hedges •   Principal investing activities •   Retained loan portfolio •   Deposits •   DVA and FVA on derivatives and structured notes                   CCB •   Originates and services mortgage loans •   Complex, non-linear interest rate and basis risk •   Non-linear risk arises primarily from prepayment options embedded in mortgages and changes in the probability of newly originated mortgage commitments actually closing  •   Basis risk results from differences in the relative movements of the rate indices underlying mortgage exposure and other interest rates Mortgage Banking •   Mortgage pipeline loans, classified  as derivatives •   Warehouse loans, classified as trading assets – debt instruments     •   MSRs •   Hedges of pipeline loans, warehouse loans and MSRs, classified as derivatives. •   Interest-only securities, classified as trading assets, and related hedges, classified as derivatives •   Retained loan portfolio •   Deposits •   Principal investing activities             Corporate •   Manages the Firm’s liquidity, funding, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks arising from activities undertaken by the Firm’s four major reportable business segments Treasury and CIO •  Primarily derivative positions measured at fair value through earnings, classified as derivatives •   Principal investing activities •   Investment securities portfolio and related hedges  •   Deposits •   Long-term debt and related hedges             AM •   Market risk arising from the Firm’s initial capital investments in products, such as mutual funds, managed by AM •   Initial seed capital investments and related hedges, classified as derivatives •   Capital invested alongside third-party investors, typically in privately distributed collective vehicles managed by AM (i.e., co-investments) •   Retained loan portfolio •   Deposits (a) Market risk measurement for derivatives generally incorporates the impact of DVA and FVA; market risk measurement for structured notes generally excludes the impact of FVA and DVA. 134   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Value-at-risk JPMorgan Chase utilizes VaR, a statistical risk measure, to estimate the potential loss from adverse market moves in a normal market environment. The Firm has a single VaR framework used as a basis for calculating Risk Management VaR and Regulatory VaR. The framework is employed across the Firm using historical simulation based on data for the previous 12 months. The framework’s approach assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of the distribution of potential outcomes in the immediate future. The Firm believes the use of Risk Management VaR provides a stable measure of VaR that closely aligns to the day-to-day risk management decisions made by the lines of business, and provides the necessary and appropriate information needed to respond to risk events on a daily basis. Risk Management VaR is calculated assuming a one-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 95% confidence level. VaR provides a consistent framework to measure risk profiles and levels of diversification across product types and is used for aggregating risks across businesses and monitoring limits. These VaR results are reported to senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. Under the Firm’s Risk Management VaR methodology, assuming current changes in market values are consistent with the historical changes used in the simulation, the Firm would expect to incur VaR “band breaks,” defined as losses greater than that predicted by VaR estimates, not more than five times every 100 trading days. The number of VaR band breaks observed can differ from the statistically expected number of band breaks if the current level of market volatility is materially different from the level of market volatility during the 12 months of historical data used in the VaR calculation. Underlying the overall VaR model framework are individual VaR models that simulate historical market returns for individual products and/or risk factors. To capture material market risks as part of the Firm’s risk management framework, comprehensive VaR model calculations are performed daily for businesses whose activities give rise to market risk. These VaR models are granular and incorporate numerous risk factors and inputs to simulate daily changes in market values over the historical period; inputs are selected based on the risk profile of each portfolio as sensitivities and historical time series used to generate daily market values may be different across product types or risk management systems. The VaR model results across all portfolios are aggregated at the Firm level. For certain products, specific risk parameters are not captured in VaR due to the lack of inherent liquidity and availability of appropriate historical data for these products. The Firm uses proxies to estimate the VaR for these and other products when daily time series are not available. It is likely that using an actual price-based time series for these products, if available, would affect the VaR results presented.    In addition, data sources used in VaR models may not be the same as those used for financial statement valuations. In cases where market prices are not observable, or where proxies are used in VaR historical time series, the sources may differ. The daily market data used in VaR models may be different than the independent third-party data collected for VCG price testing in VCG’s monthly valuation process (see Valuation process in Note 3 for further information on the Firm’s valuation process). VaR model calculations require daily data and a consistent source for valuation and therefore it is not practical to use the data collected in the VCG monthly valuation process.  Since VaR is based on historical data, it is an imperfect measure of market risk exposure and potential losses, and it is not used to estimate the impact of stressed market conditions or to manage any impact from potential stress events. In addition, based on their reliance on available historical data, limited time horizons, and other factors, VaR measures are inherently limited in their ability to measure certain risks and to predict losses, particularly those associated with market illiquidity and sudden or severe shifts in market conditions. The Firm therefore considers other measures in addition to VaR, such as stress testing, to capture and manage its market risk positions. The Firm’s VaR model calculations are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s portfolios, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s modeling techniques and other factors. Such changes may also affect historical comparisons of VaR results. Model changes undergo a review and approval process by the Model Review Group prior to implementation into the operating environment. For further information, see Model risk on  page 142 . The Firm calculates separately a daily aggregated VaR in accordance with regulatory rules (“Regulatory VaR”), which is used to derive the Firm’s regulatory VaR-based capital requirements under Basel III. This Regulatory VaR model framework currently assumes a ten business-day holding period and an expected tail loss methodology which approximates a 99% confidence level. Regulatory VaR is applied to “covered” positions as defined by Basel III, which may be different than the positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR. For example, credit derivative hedges of accrual loans are included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, while Regulatory VaR excludes these credit derivative hedges. In addition, in contrast to the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, Regulatory VaR currently excludes the diversification benefit for certain VaR models. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   135 Management’s discussion and analysis For additional information on Regulatory VaR and the other components of market risk regulatory capital (e.g. VaR-based measure, stressed VaR-based measure and the respective backtesting) for the Firm, see JPMorgan Chase’s    Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website (http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/basel.cfm). The table below shows the results of the Firm’s Risk Management VaR measure using a 95% confidence level. Total VaR                   As of or for the year ended December 31, 2015   2014   At December 31, (in millions)  Avg. Min Max    Avg. Min Max   2015 2014 CIB trading VaR by risk type                                     Fixed income $ 42   $ 31   $ 60     $ 34   $ 23   $ 45     $ 37   $ 34   Foreign exchange 9   6   16     8   4   25     6   8   Equities 18   11   26     15   10   23     21   22   Commodities and other 10   6   14     8   5   14     10   6   Diversification benefit to CIB trading VaR (35 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (30 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (28 ) (a)   (32 ) (a)   CIB trading VaR 44   27   68     35   24   49     46   38   Credit portfolio VaR 14   10   20     13   8   18     10   16   Diversification benefit to CIB VaR (9 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (8 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (10 ) (a)   (9 ) (a)   CIB VaR 49   34   71     40   29   56     46   45                                         Mortgage Banking VaR 4   2   8     7   2   28     4   3   Treasury and CIO VaR  4   3   7     4   3   6     5   4   Asset Management VaR 3   2   4     3   2   4     3   2   Diversification benefit to other VaR (3 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (4 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (4 ) (a)   (3 ) (a)   Other VaR 8   5   12     10   5   27     8   6   Diversification benefit to CIB and other VaR (10 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (7 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (9 ) (a)   (5 ) (a)   Total VaR $ 47   $ 34   $ 67     $ 43   $ 30   $ 70     $ 45   $ 46   (a) Average portfolio VaR and period-end portfolio VaR were less than the sum of the VaR of the components described above, which is due to portfolio diversification. The diversification effect reflects the fact that risks are not perfectly correlated. (b) Designated as not meaningful (“NM”), because the minimum and maximum may occur on different days for distinct risk components, and hence it is not meaningful to compute a portfolio-diversification effect. As presented in the table above, average Total VaR and average CIB VaR increased during 2015 when compared with 2014. The increase in Total VaR was primarily due to higher volatility in the CIB in the historical one-year look-back period during 2015 versus 2014. Average CIB trading VaR increased during 2015 primarily due to higher VaR in the Fixed Income and Equities risk factors reflecting a combination of higher market volatility and increased exposure. Average Mortgage Banking VaR decreased from the prior year. Average Mortgage Banking VaR was elevated late in the second quarter of 2014 due to a change in the MSR hedge position made in advance of an anticipated update to certain MSR model assumptions; when such updates were implemented, the MSR VaR decreased to levels more consistent with prior periods. The Firm continues to enhance the VaR model calculations and time series inputs related to certain asset-backed products.   The Firm’s average Total VaR diversification benefit was $ 10 million  or  21%  of the sum for 2015, compared with $ 7 million  or  16%  of the sum for 2014. In general, over the course of the year, VaR exposure can vary significantly as positions change, market volatility fluctuates and diversification benefits change. VaR back-testing The Firm evaluates the effectiveness of its VaR methodology by back-testing, which compares the daily Risk Management VaR results with the daily gains and losses recognized on market-risk related revenue. The Firm’s definition of market risk-related gains and losses is consistent with the definition used by the banking regulators under Basel III. Under this definition market risk-related gains and losses are defined as: gains and losses on the positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, excluding fees, commissions, certain valuation adjustments (e.g., liquidity and DVA), net interest income, and gains and losses arising from intraday trading. 136   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following chart compares the daily market risk-related gains and losses with the Firm’s Risk Management VaR for the year ended December 31, 2015. As the chart presents market risk-related gains and losses related to those positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, the results in the table below differ from the results of back-testing disclosed in the Market Risk section of the Firm’s    Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are based on Regulatory VaR applied to covered positions. The chart shows that for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Firm observed three VaR band breaks and posted Market risk-related gains on 117 of the 260 days in this period. Other risk measures  Economic-value stress testing  Along with VaR, stress testing is an important tool in measuring and controlling risk. While VaR reflects the risk of loss due to adverse changes in markets using recent historical market behavior as an indicator of losses, stress testing is intended to capture the Firm’s exposure to unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. The Firm runs weekly stress tests on market-related risks across the lines of business using multiple scenarios that assume significant changes in risk factors such as credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, currency rates or commodity prices.  The Firm uses a number of standard scenarios that capture different risk factors across asset classes including geographical factors, specific idiosyncratic factors and extreme tail events. The stress framework calculates multiple magnitudes of potential stress for both market rallies and market sell-offs for each risk factor and combines them in multiple ways to capture different market scenarios. For example, certain scenarios assess the potential loss arising from current exposures held by the Firm due to a broad sell off in bond markets or an extreme widening in corporate credit spreads. The flexibility of the    stress testing framework allows risk managers to construct new, specific scenarios that can be used to form decisions about future possible stress events. Stress testing complements VaR by allowing risk managers to shock current market prices to more extreme levels relative to those historically realized, and to stress test the relationships between market prices under extreme scenarios.  Stress-test results, trends and qualitative explanations based on current market risk positions are reported to the respective LOB’s and the Firm’s senior management to allow them to better understand the sensitivity of positions to certain defined events and to enable them to manage their risks with more transparency. In addition, results are reported to the Board of Directors. Stress scenarios are defined and reviewed by Market Risk, and significant changes are reviewed by the relevant LOB Risk Committees and may be redefined on a periodic basis to reflect current market conditions.  The Firm’s stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results under scenarios mandated by the Federal Reserve’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) and  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   137 Management’s discussion and analysis Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”)processes. In addition, the results are incorporated into the quarterly assessment of the Firm’s Risk Appetite Framework and are also presented to the DRPC. Nonstatistical risk measures  Nonstatistical risk measures include sensitivities to variables used to value positions, such as credit spread sensitivities, interest rate basis point values and market values. These measures provide granular information on the Firm’s market risk exposure. They are aggregated by line of business and by risk type, and are also used for monitoring internal market risk limits. Loss advisories and profit and loss drawdowns  Loss advisories and profit and loss drawdowns are tools used to highlight trading losses above certain levels of risk tolerance. Profit and loss drawdowns are defined as the decline in net profit and loss since the year-to-date peak revenue level. Earnings-at-risk  The VaR and stress-test measures described above illustrate the economic sensitivity of the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets to changes in market variables. The effect of interest rate exposure on the Firm’s reported net income is also important as interest rate risk represents one of the Firm’s significant market risks. Interest rate risk arises not only from trading activities but also from the Firm’s traditional banking activities, which include extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits and issuing debt. The Firm evaluates its structural interest rate risk exposure through earnings-at-risk, which measures the extent to which changes in interest rates will affect the Firm’s net interest income and interest rate-sensitive fees. Earnings-at-risk excludes the impact of CIB’s markets-based activities and MSRs, as these sensitivities are captured under VaR. The CIO, Treasury and Corporate (“CTC”) Risk Committee establishes the Firm’s structural interest rate risk policies and market risk limits, which are subject to approval by the DRPC. The CIO, working in partnership with the lines of business, calculates the Firm’s structural interest rate risk profile and reviews it with senior management including the CTC Risk Committee and the Firm’s ALCO. In addition, oversight of structural interest rate risk is managed through a dedicated risk function reporting to the CTC CRO. This risk function is responsible for providing independent oversight and governance around assumptions and establishing and monitoring limits for structural interest rate risk. The Firm manages structural interest rate risk generally through its investment securities portfolio and interest rate derivatives.   Structural interest rate risk can occur due to a variety of factors, including: • Differences in the timing among the maturity or repricing of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments • Differences in the amounts of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments that are repricing at the same time • Differences in the amounts by which short-term and long-term market interest rates change (for example, changes in the slope of the yield curve) • The impact of changes in the maturity of various assets, liabilities or off-balance sheet instruments as interest rates change The Firm manages interest rate exposure related to its assets and liabilities on a consolidated, firmwide basis. Business units transfer their interest rate risk to Treasury and CIO through a transfer-pricing system, which takes into account the elements of interest rate exposure that can be risk-managed in financial markets. These elements include asset and liability balances and contractual rates of interest, contractual principal payment schedules, expected prepayment experience, interest rate reset dates and maturities, rate indices used for repricing, and any interest rate ceilings or floors for adjustable rate products. All transfer-pricing assumptions are dynamically reviewed. The Firm generates a net interest income baseline, and then conducts simulations of changes for interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollar and other currencies (“non-U.S. dollar” currencies). Earnings-at-risk scenarios estimate the potential change in this net interest income baseline, excluding CIB’s markets-based activities and MSRs, over the following 12 months, utilizing multiple assumptions. These scenarios may consider the impact on exposures as a result of changes in interest rates from baseline rates, as well as pricing sensitivities of deposits, optionality and changes in product mix. The scenarios include forecasted balance sheet changes, as well as modeled prepayment and reinvestment behavior, but do not include assumptions about actions which could be taken by the Firm in response to any such instantaneous rate changes. For example, mortgage prepayment assumptions are based on current interest rates compared with underlying contractual rates, the time since origination, and other factors which are updated periodically based on historical experience. The Firm’s earnings-at-risk scenarios are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s balance sheet, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s simulation and other factors.  138   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm conducts earnings-at-risk simulations for assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars separately from assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies in order to enhance the Firm’s ability to monitor structural interest rate risk from non-U.S. dollar exposures. The Firm’s U.S. dollar sensitivity is presented in the table below. The result of the non-U.S. dollar sensitivity scenarios were not material to the Firm’s earnings-at-risk at December 31, 2015. JPMorgan Chase’s 12-month pretax net interest income sensitivity profiles (Excludes the impact of CIB’s markets-based activities and MSRs) (in billions) Instantaneous change in rates December 31, 2015 +200 bps +100 bps -100 bps -200 bps U.S. dollar $ 5.2 $ 3.1 NM (a)   NM (a)   (a) Downward 100- and 200-basis-points parallel shocks result in a federal funds target rate of zero and negative three- and six-month U.S. Treasury rates. The earnings-at-risk results of such a low probability scenario are not meaningful. The Firm’s benefit to rising rates on U.S. dollar assets and liabilities is largely a result of reinvesting at higher yields and assets repricing at a faster pace than deposits. The Firm’s net U.S. dollar sensitivity profile at December 31, 2015 was not materially different than December 31, 2014.   Separately, another U.S. dollar interest rate scenario used by the Firm — involving a steeper yield curve with long-term rates rising by 100 basis points and short-term rates staying at current levels — results in a 12-month pretax benefit to net interest income, excluding CIB’s markets-based activities and MSRs, of approximately  $700 million . The increase in net interest income under this scenario reflects the Firm reinvesting at the higher long-term rates, with funding costs remaining unchanged. The result of the comparable non-U.S. dollar scenario was not material to the Firm.   Non-U.S. dollar FX Risk Non-U.S. dollar FX risk is the risk that changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of the Firm’s assets or liabilities or future results. The Firm has structural non-U.S. dollar FX exposures arising from capital investments, forecasted expense and revenue, the investment securities portfolio and issuing debt in denominations other than the U.S. dollar. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the lines of business, primarily manage these risks on behalf of the Firm. Treasury and CIO may hedge certain of these risks using derivatives within risk limits governed by the CTC Risk Committee. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   139 Management’s discussion and analysis COUNTRY RISK MANAGEMENT Country risk is the risk that a sovereign event or action alters the value or terms of contractual obligations of obligors, counterparties and issuers or adversely affects markets related to a particular country. The Firm has a comprehensive country risk management framework for assessing country risks, determining risk tolerance, and measuring and monitoring direct country exposures in the Firm. The Country Risk Management group is responsible for developing guidelines and policies for managing country risk in both emerging and developed countries. The Country Risk Management group actively monitors the various portfolios giving rise to country risk to ensure the Firm’s country risk exposures are diversified and that exposure levels are appropriate given the Firm’s strategy and risk tolerance relative to a country. Country risk organization The Country Risk Management group, part of the independent risk management function, works in close partnership with other risk functions to identify and monitor country risk within the Firm. The Firmwide Risk Executive for Country Risk reports to the Firm’s CRO. Country Risk Management is responsible for the following functions: • Developing guidelines and policies consistent with a comprehensive country risk framework • Assigning sovereign ratings and assessing country risks • Measuring and monitoring country risk exposure and stress across the Firm • Managing country limits and reporting trends and limit breaches to senior management • Developing surveillance tools for early identification of potential country risk concerns • Providing country risk scenario analysis   Country risk identification and measurement The Firm is exposed to country risk through its lending, investing, and market-making activities, whether cross-border or locally funded. Country exposure includes activity with both government and private-sector entities in a country. Under the Firm’s internal country risk management approach, country exposure is reported based on the country where the majority of the assets of the obligor, counterparty, issuer or guarantor are located or where the majority of its revenue is derived, which may be different than the domicile (legal residence) or country of incorporation of the obligor, counterparty, issuer or guarantor. Country exposures are generally measured by considering the Firm’s risk to an immediate default of the counterparty or obligor, with zero recovery. Assumptions are sometimes required in determining the measurement and allocation of country exposure, particularly in the case of certain tranched credit derivatives. Different measurement approaches or assumptions would affect the amount of reported country exposure. Under the Firm’s internal country risk measurement framework: • Lending exposures are measured at the total committed amount (funded and unfunded), net of the allowance for credit losses and cash and marketable securities collateral received • Securities financing exposures are measured at their receivable balance, net of collateral received • Debt and equity securities are measured at the fair value of all positions, including both long and short positions • Counterparty exposure on derivative receivables is measured at the derivative’s fair value, net of the fair value of the related collateral. Counterparty exposure on derivatives can change significantly because of market movements • Credit derivatives protection purchased and sold is reported based on the underlying reference entity and is measured at the notional amount of protection purchased or sold, net of the fair value of the recognized derivative receivable or payable. Credit derivatives protection purchased and sold in the Firm’s market-making activities is measured on a net basis, as such activities often result in selling and purchasing protection related to the same underlying reference entity; this reflects the manner in which the Firm manages these exposures 140   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The Firm also has indirect exposures to country risk (for example, related to the collateral received on securities financing receivables or related to client clearing activities). These indirect exposures are managed in the normal course of business through the Firm’s credit, market, and operational risk governance, rather than through Country Risk Management. The Firm’s internal country risk reporting differs from the reporting provided under the FFIEC bank regulatory requirements. For further information on the FFIEC’s reporting methodology, see Cross-border outstandings on  page 327 . Country risk stress testing The country risk stress framework aims to identify potential losses arising from a country crisis by capturing the impact of large asset price movements in a country based on market shocks combined with counterparty specific assumptions. Country Risk Management periodically defines and runs ad hoc stress scenarios for individual countries in response to specific market events and sector performance concerns. Country risk monitoring and control The Country Risk Management group establishes guidelines for sovereign ratings reviews and limit management. Country stress and nominal exposures are measured under a comprehensive country limit framework. Country ratings and limits are actively monitored and reported on a regular basis. Country limit requirements are reviewed and approved by senior management as often as necessary, but at least annually. In addition, the Country Risk Management group uses surveillance tools, such as signaling models and ratings indicators, for early identification of potential country risk concerns.   Country risk reporting The following table presents the Firm’s top 20 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) as of  December 31, 2015 . The selection of countries is based solely on the Firm’s largest total exposures by country, based on the Firm’s internal country risk management approach, and does not represent the Firm’s view of any actual or potentially adverse credit conditions. Country exposures may fluctuate from period to period due to normal client activity and market flows. Top 20 country exposures         December 31, 2015 (in billions)   Lending (a) Trading and investing (b)(c) Other (d) Total exposure United Kingdom   $ 23.8 $ 21.8 $ 1.1 $ 46.7 Germany   13.8 16.7 0.2 30.7 France   14.2 11.9 0.1 26.2 Japan   12.9 7.8 0.4 21.1 China   10.3 7.2 1.0 18.5 Canada   13.9 2.9 0.3 17.1 Australia   7.7 5.9 — 13.6 Netherlands   5.0 6.0 1.4 12.4 India   6.1 5.6 0.4 12.1 Brazil   6.2 4.9 — 11.1 Switzerland   6.7 0.9 1.9 9.5 Korea   4.3 3.3 0.1 7.7 Hong Kong   2.8 2.6 1.4 6.8 Italy   2.8 3.8 0.2 6.8 Luxembourg   6.4 0.1 — 6.5 Spain   3.2 2.1 0.1 5.4 Singapore   2.4 1.3 0.7 4.4 Sweden   1.7 2.5 — 4.2 Mexico   2.9 1.3 — 4.2 Belgium   1.7 2.3 — 4.0 (a) Lending includes loans and accrued interest receivable (net of collateral and the allowance for loan losses), deposits with banks, acceptances, other monetary assets, issued letters of credit net of participations, and unused commitments to extend credit. Excludes intra-day and operating exposures, such as from settlement and clearing activities. (b) Includes market-making inventory, AFS securities, counterparty exposure on derivative and securities financings net of collateral and hedging. (c) Includes single reference entity (“single-name”), index and tranched credit derivatives for which one or more of the underlying reference entities is in a country listed in the above table. (d) Includes capital invested in local entities and physical commodity inventory. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   141 MODEL RISK MANAGEMENT Model risk Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. The Firm uses models for many purposes including the valuation of positions and the measurement of risk. Valuation models are employed by the Firm to value certain financial instruments for which quoted prices may not be readily available. Valuation models may be employed as inputs into risk measurement models including VaR, regulatory capital, estimation of stress loss and the allowance for credit losses. Models are owned by various functions within the Firm based on the specific purposes of such models. For example, VaR models and certain regulatory capital models are owned by the line of business-aligned risk management functions. Owners of models are responsible for the development, implementation and testing of their models, as well as referral of models to the Model Risk function for review and approval. Once models have been approved, model owners are responsible for the maintenance of a robust operating environment and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on an ongoing basis. Model owners may seek to enhance models in response to changes in the portfolios and in product and market developments, as well as to capture improvements in available modeling techniques and systems capabilities. The Model Risk review and governance functions review and approve a wide range of models, including risk management, valuation, and regulatory capital models used by the Firm. Independent of the model owners, the Model Risk review and governance functions are part of the Firm’s Model Risk unit, and the Firmwide Model Risk Executive reports to the Firm’s CRO.   Models are tiered based on an internal standard according to their complexity, the exposure associated with the model and the Firm’s reliance on the model. This tiering is subject to the approval of the Model Risk function. A model review conducted by the Model Risk function considers the model’s suitability for the specific uses to which it will be put. The factors considered in reviewing a model include whether the model accurately reflects the characteristics of the product and its significant risks, the selection and reliability of model inputs, consistency with models for similar products, the appropriateness of any model-related adjustments, and sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions that cannot be observed from the market. When reviewing a model, the Model Risk function analyzes and challenges the model methodology and the reasonableness of model assumptions and may perform or require additional testing, including back-testing of model outcomes. Model reviews are approved by the appropriate level of management within the Model Risk function based on the relevant tier of the model. Under the Firm’s Model Risk Policy, the Model Risk function reviews and approves new models, as well as material changes to existing models, prior to implementation in the operating environment. In certain circumstances, the head of the Model Risk function may grant exceptions to the Firm’s model risk policy to allow a model to be used prior to review or approval. The Model Risk function may also require the owner to take appropriate actions to mitigate the model risk if it is to be used in the interim. These actions will depend on the model and may include, for example, limitation of trading activity. For a summary of valuations based on models, see Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm and Note 3. 142   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report PRINCIPAL RISK MANAGEMENT Principal investments are predominantly privately-held financial assets and instruments, typically representing an ownership or junior capital position, that have unique risks due to their illiquidity or for which there is less observable market or valuation data. Such investing activities are typically intended to be held over extended investment periods and, accordingly, the Firm has no expectation for short-term gain with respect to these investments. Principal investments cover multiple asset classes and are made either in stand-alone investing businesses or as part of a broader business platform. Asset classes include tax-oriented investments (e.g., affordable housing and alternative energy investments), private equity and various debt investments.   The Firm’s principal investments are managed under various lines of business and are captured within the respective LOB’s financial results. The Firm’s approach to managing principal risk is consistent with the Firm’s general risk governance structure. A Firmwide risk policy framework exists for all principal investing activities. All investments are approved by investment committees that include executives who are independent from the investing businesses. The Firm’s independent control functions are responsible for reviewing the appropriateness of the carrying value of principal investments in accordance with relevant policies. Approved levels for such investments are established for each relevant business in order to manage the overall size of the portfolios. Industry, geographic, and position level concentration limits are in place and are intended to ensure diversification of the portfolios. The Firm also conducts stress testing on these portfolios using specific scenarios that estimate losses based on significant market moves and/or other risk events.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   143 Management’s discussion and analysis OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events that are neither market- nor credit-related. Operational risk is inherent in the Firm’s activities and  can manifest itself in various ways, including fraudulent acts, business interruptions, inappropriate behavior of employees, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or failure of vendors to perform in accordance with their arrangements. These events could result in financial losses, litigation and regulatory fines, as well as other damage to the Firm. The goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, in light of the Firm’s financial strength, the characteristics of its businesses, the markets in which it operates, and the competitive and regulatory environment to which it is subject. Overview To monitor and control operational risk, the Firm maintains an Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”) designed to enable the Firm to maintain a sound and well-controlled operational environment. The four main components of the ORMF include: governance, risk identification and assessment, monitoring and reporting, and measurement. Risk Management is responsible for prescribing the ORMF to the lines of business and corporate functions and for providing independent oversight of its implementation. The lines of business and corporate functions are responsible for implementing the ORMF. The Firmwide Oversight and Control Group (“O&C”),  which consists of dedicated control officers within each of the lines of business and corporate functional areas, as well as a central oversight team, is responsible for day to day execution of the ORMF. Operational risk management framework The components of the Operational Risk Management Framework are: Governance The Firm’s operational risk governance function reports to the Firm’s CRO and is responsible for defining the ORMF and establishing the firmwide operational risk management governance structure, policies and standards. The Firmwide Risk Executive for Operational Risk Governance, a direct report of the CRO, works with the line of business CROs to provide independent oversight of the implementation of the ORMF across the Firm. Operational Risk Officers (“OROs”), who report to the LOB Chief Risk Officers or to the Firmwide Risk Executive for Operational Risk Governance, are independent of the lines of business and corporate functions, and O&C. The OROs provide oversight of the implementation of the ORMF within in each line of business and corporate function.   Line of business, corporate function and regional control committees oversee the operational risk and control environments of their respective businesses, functions or regions. These committees escalate operational risk issues to the FCC, as appropriate. For additional information on the Firmwide Control Committee, see Enterprise Risk Management on  pages 107–111 . Risk Identification and Self-Assessment In order to evaluate and monitor operational risk, the lines of business and corporate functions utilize several processes to identify, assess, mitigate and manage operational risk. Firmwide standards are in place for each of these processes and set the minimum requirements for how they must be applied. The Firm’s risk and control self-assessment (“RCSA”) process and supporting architecture requires management to identify material inherent operational risks, assess the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls in place to mitigate such risks, and evaluate residual risk. Action plans are developed for control issues that are identified, and businesses are held accountable for tracking and resolving issues on a timely basis. Risk Management performs an independent challenge of the RCSA program including residual risk results. The Firm also tracks and monitors operational risk events which are analyzed by the responsible businesses and corporate functions. This enables identification of the root causes of the operational risk events and evaluation of the associated controls. Furthermore, lines of business and corporate functions establish key risk indicators to manage and monitor operational risk and the control environment. These assist in the early detection and timely escalation of issues or events. Risk monitoring and reporting Operational risk management and control reports provide information, including actual operational loss levels, self-assessment results and the status of issue resolution to the lines of business and senior management. In addition, key control indicators and operating metrics are monitored against targets and thresholds. The purpose of these reports is to enable management to maintain operational risk at appropriate levels within each line of business, to escalate issues and to provide consistent data aggregation across the Firm’s businesses and functions. 144   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Measurement Two standard forms of operational risk measurement include operational risk capital and operational risk losses under baseline and stressed conditions. The Firm’s operational risk capital methodology incorporates the four required elements of the Advanced Measurement Approach under the Basel III framework: • Internal losses, • External losses, • Scenario analysis, and • Business environment and internal control factors. The primary component of the operational risk capital estimate is the result of a statistical model, the Loss Distribution Approach (“LDA”), which simulates the frequency and severity of future operational risk losses based on historical data. The LDA model is used to estimate an aggregate operational risk loss over a one-year time horizon, at a 99.9% confidence level. The LDA model incorporates actual internal operational risk losses in the quarter following the period in which those losses were realized, and the calculation generally continues to reflect such losses even after the issues or business activities giving rise to the losses have been remediated or reduced. The calculation is supplemented by external loss data as needed, as well as both management’s view of plausible tail risk, which is captured as part of the Scenario Analysis process, and evaluation of key LOB internal control metrics (BEICF). The Firm may further supplement such analysis to incorporate feedback from its bank regulators. The Firm considers the impact of stressed economic conditions on operational risk losses and a forward looking view of material operational risk events that may occur in a stressed environment. The Firm’s operational risk stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results for the Firm’s CCAR, ICAAP and Risk Appetite processes. For information related to operational risk RWA, CCAR or ICAAP, see Capital Management section,  pages 149–158 . Insurance One of the ways operational loss may be mitigated is through insurance maintained by the Firm. The Firm purchases insurance to be in compliance with local laws and regulations (e.g., workers compensation), as well as to serve other needs (e.g., property loss and public liability). Insurance may also be required by third parties with whom the Firm does business. The insurance purchased is reviewed and approved by senior management. Cybersecurity The Firm devotes significant resources maintaining and regularly updating its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Firm’s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets against attempts by unauthorized parties to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage.    Third parties with which the Firm does business or that facilitate the Firm’s business activities (e.g., vendors, exchanges, clearing houses, central depositories, and financial intermediaries) could also be sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of their systems, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyberattacks which could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Firm or result in lost or compromised information of the Firm or its clients. In addition, customers with which or whom the Firm does business can also be sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm, particularly when their activities and systems are beyond the Firm’s own security and control systems. Customers will generally be responsible for losses incurred due to their own failure to maintain the security of their own systems and processes. The Firm and several other U.S. financial institutions have experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced unauthorized parties which are intended to disrupt online banking services. The Firm and its clients are also regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses. On September 10, 2014, the Firm disclosed that a cyberattack against the Firm had occurred. The cyberattacks experienced to date have not resulted in any material disruption to the Firm’s operations nor have they had a material adverse effect on the Firm’s results of operations. The Firm’s Board of Directors and the Audit Committee are regularly apprised regarding the cybersecurity policies and practices of the Firm as well as the Firm’s efforts regarding significant cybersecurity events. Cybersecurity attacks, like the one experienced by the Firm, highlight the need for continued and increased cooperation among businesses and the government, and the Firm continues to work to strengthen its partnerships with the appropriate government and law enforcement agencies and other businesses, including the Firm’s third-party service providers, in order to understand the full spectrum of cybersecurity risks in the environment, enhance defenses and improve resiliency against cybersecurity threats. The Firm has established, and continues to establish, defenses to mitigate other possible future attacks. To enhance its defense capabilities, the Firm increased cybersecurity spending from approximately $250 million in 2014, to approximately $500 million in 2015, and expects the spending to increase to more than $600 million in 2016. Enhancements include more robust testing, advanced analytics, improved technology coverage, strengthened access management and controls and a program to increase employee awareness about cybersecurity risks and best practices. Business and technology resiliency JPMorgan Chase’s global resiliency and crisis management program is intended to ensure that the Firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets (i.e., staff, technology and facilities) in the event of a  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   145 Management’s discussion and analysis business interruption, and to remain in compliance with global laws and regulations as they relate to resiliency risk. The program includes corporate governance, awareness and training, as well as strategic and tactical initiatives aimed to ensure that risks are properly identified, assessed, and managed. The Firm has established comprehensive tracking and reporting of resiliency plans in order to proactively anticipate and manage various potential disruptive circumstances such as severe weather and flooding, technology and communications outages, cyber incidents, mass transit shutdowns and terrorist threats, among others. The resiliency measures utilized by the Firm include backup infrastructure for data centers, a geographically distributed workforce, dedicated recovery facilities, providing technological capabilities to support remote work capacity for displaced staff and accommodation of employees at alternate locations. JPMorgan Chase continues to coordinate its global resiliency program across the Firm and mitigate business continuity risks by reviewing and testing recovery procedures. The strength and proficiency of the Firm’s global resiliency program has played an integral role in maintaining the Firm’s business operations during and quickly after various events in 2015 that have resulted in business interruptions, such as severe winter weather and flooding in the U.S. and various global protest-related activities.   LEGAL RISK MANAGEMENT Legal risk is the risk of loss or imposition of damages, fines, penalties or other liability arising from failure to comply with a contractual obligation or to comply with laws or regulations to which the Firm is subject. Overview In addition to providing legal services and advice to the Firm, and communicating and helping the lines of business adjust to the legal and regulatory changes they face, including the heightened scrutiny and expectations of the Firm’s regulators, the global Legal function is responsible for working with the businesses and corporate functions to fully understand and assess their adherence to laws and regulations. In particular, Legal assists Oversight & Control, Risk, Finance, Compliance and Internal Audit in their efforts to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and the Firm’s corporate standards for doing business. The Firm’s lawyers also advise the Firm on potential legal exposures on key litigation and transactional matters, and perform a significant defense and advocacy role by defending the Firm against claims and potential claims and, when needed, pursuing claims against others.  Governance and oversight The Firm’s General Counsel reports to the CEO and is a member of the Operating Committee, the Firmwide Risk Committee and the Firmwide Control Committee. The General Counsel’s leadership team includes a General Counsel for each line of business, the heads of the Litigation and Corporate & Regulatory practices, as well as the Firm’s Corporate Secretary. Each region (e.g., Latin America, Asia Pacific) has a General Counsel who is responsible for managing legal risk across all lines of business and functions in the region. Legal works with various committees (including new business initiative and reputation risk committees) and the Firm’s businesses to protect the Firm’s reputation beyond any particular legal requirements. In addition, it advises the Firm’s Conflicts Office which reviews the Firm’s wholesale transactions that may have the potential to create conflicts of interest for the Firm. 146   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT Compliance risk is the risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.  Overview Each line of business is accountable for managing its compliance risk. The Firm’s Compliance Organization (“Compliance”), which is independent of the lines of business, works closely with the Operating Committee and management to provide independent review, monitoring and oversight of business operations with a focus on compliance with the legal and regulatory obligations applicable to the offering of the Firm’s products and services to clients and customers. These compliance risks relate to a wide variety of legal and regulatory obligations, depending on the line of business and the jurisdiction, and include those related to products and services, relationships and interactions with clients and customers, and employee activities.  For example, one compliance risk, fiduciary risk, is the failure to exercise the applicable high standard of care, to act in the best interests of clients or to treat clients fairly, as required under applicable law or regulation. Other specific compliance risks include those associated with anti-money laundering compliance, trading activities, market conduct, and complying with the rules and regulations related to the offering of products and services across jurisdictional borders, among others.  Compliance implements various practices designed to identify and mitigate compliance risk by implementing policies, testing and monitoring, training and providing guidance. In recent years, the Firm has experienced heightened scrutiny by its regulators of its compliance with regulations, and with respect to its controls and operational processes. In certain instances, the Firm has entered into Consent Orders with its regulators requiring the Firm to take certain specified actions to remediate compliance with regulations and improve its controls. The Firm expects that such regulatory scrutiny will continue.    Governance and oversight Compliance is led by the Firms’ Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”) who reports directly to the Firm’s COO. The Firm maintains oversight and coordination in its Compliance Risk Management practices globally through the Firm’s CCO, lines of business CCOs and regional CCOs to implement the Compliance program across the lines of business and regions. The Firm’s CCO is a member of the Firmwide Control Committee and the Firmwide Risk Committee. The Firm’s CCO also provides regular updates to the Audit Committee and DRPC. In addition, from time to time, special committees of the Board have been established to oversee the Firm’s compliance with regulatory Consent Orders.  The Firm has in place a Code of Conduct (the “Code”), and each employee is given annual training in respect of the Code and is required annually to affirm his or her compliance with the Code. The Code sets forth the Firm’s core principles and fundamental values, including that no employee should ever sacrifice integrity - or give the impression that he or she has. The Code requires prompt reporting of any known or suspected violation of the Code, any internal Firm policy, or any law or regulation applicable to the Firm’s business. It also requires the reporting of any illegal conduct, or conduct that violates the underlying principles of the Code, by any of the Firm’s employees, customers, suppliers, contract workers, business partners, or agents. Specified employees are specially trained and designated as “code specialists” who act as a resource to employees on Code of Conduct matters. In addition, concerns may be reported anonymously and the Firm prohibits retaliation against employees for the good faith reporting of any actual or suspected violations of the Code. The Code and the associated employee compliance program are focused on the regular assessment of certain key aspects of the Firm’s culture and conduct initiatives.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   147 REPUTATION RISK MANAGEMENT Reputation risk is the risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the Firm’s integrity or competence by our various constituents, including clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees and the broader public.  M aintaining the Firm’s reputation is the responsibility of each individual employee of the Firm. The Firm’s Reputation Risk Governance policy explicitly vests each employee with the responsibility to consider the reputation of the Firm when engaging in any activity. Since the types of events that could harm the Firm’s reputation are so varied across the Firm’s lines of business, each line of business has a separate reputation risk governance infrastructure in place, which consists of three key elements: clear, documented escalation criteria appropriate to the business; a designated primary discussion forum — in most cases, one or more dedicated reputation risk committees; and a list of designated contacts, to whom questions relating to reputation risk should be referred. Line of business reputation risk governance is overseen by a Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance function, which provides oversight of the governance infrastructure and process to support the consistent identification, escalation, management and reporting of reputation risk issues firmwide. 148   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Capital risk is the risk the Firm has an insufficient level and composition of capital to support the Firm’s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and stressed conditions. A strong capital position is essential to the Firm’s business strategy and competitive position. The Firm’s capital strategy focuses on long-term stability, which enables the Firm to build and invest in market-leading businesses, even in a highly stressed environment. Prior to making any decisions on future business activities, senior management considers the implications on the Firm’s capital. In addition to considering the Firm’s earnings outlook, senior management evaluates all sources and uses of capital with a view to preserving the Firm’s capital strength. Maintaining a strong balance sheet to manage through economic volatility is considered a strategic imperative by the Firm’s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee. The Firm’s balance sheet philosophy focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and reserves, and robust liquidity.   The Firm’s capital management objectives are to hold capital sufficient to: • Cover all material risks underlying the Firm’s business activities; • Maintain “well-capitalized” status and meet regulatory capital requirements; • Retain flexibility to take advantage of future investment opportunities; • Maintain sufficient capital in order to continue to build and invest in its businesses through the cycle and in stressed environments; and • Distribute excess capital to shareholders while balancing the other objectives stated above. These objectives are achieved through ongoing monitoring and management of the Firm’s capital position, regular stress testing, and a capital governance framework. Capital management is intended to be flexible in order to react to a range of potential events. JPMorgan Chase has firmwide and LOB processes for ongoing monitoring and active management of its capital position.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   149 Management’s discussion and analysis The following tables present the Firm’s Transitional and Fully Phased-In risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics under both Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches. The Firm’s Basel III CET1 ratio exceeds the regulatory minimum as of December 31, 2015. For further discussion of these capital metrics and the Standardized and Advanced approaches refer to Monitoring and management of capital on pages 151–155.    Transitional Fully Phased-In   December 31, 2015 (in millions, except ratios) Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios  (c)   Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios  (d)   Risk-based capital metrics:                         CET1 capital $ 175,398   $ 175,398       $ 173,189   $ 173,189       Tier 1 capital 200,482   200,482       199,047   199,047       Total capital 234,413   224,616       229,976   220,179       Risk-weighted assets 1,465,262 (b)   1,485,336       1,474,870   1,495,520       CET1 capital ratio 12.0 %   11.8 %   4.5 %   11.7 %   11.6 %   10.5 %   Tier 1 capital ratio 13.7   13.5   6.0   13.5   13.3   12.0   Total capital ratio 16.0   15.1   8.0   15.6   14.7   14.0   Leverage-based capital metrics:                         Adjusted average assets 2,361,177   2,361,177       2,360,499   2,360,499       Tier 1 leverage ratio (a) 8.5 %   8.5 %   4.0   8.4 %   8.4 %   4.0   SLR leverage exposure NA   $ 3,079,797       NA   $ 3,079,119       SLR NA   6.5 %   NA   NA   6.5 %   5.0 (e)     Transitional Fully Phased-In   December 31, 2014 (in millions, except ratios) Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios  (c)   Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios  (d)   Risk-based capital metrics:                         CET1 capital $ 164,426   $ 164,426       $ 164,514   $ 164,514       Tier 1 capital 186,263   186,263       184,572   184,572       Total capital 221,117   210,576       216,719   206,179       Risk-weighted assets 1,472,602 (b)   1,608,240       1,561,145   1,619,287       CET1 capital ratio 11.2 %   10.2 %   4.5 %   10.5 %   10.2 %   9.5 %   Tier 1 capital ratio 12.6   11.6   6.0   11.8   11.4   11.0   Total capital ratio 15.0   13.1   8.0   13.9   12.7   13.0   Leverage-based capital metrics:                         Adjusted average assets 2,464,915   2,464,915       2,463,902   2,463,902       Tier 1 leverage ratio (a) 7.6 %   7.6 %   4.0   7.5 %   7.5 %   4.0   SLR leverage exposure NA   NA       NA   $ 3,320,404       SLR NA   NA   NA   NA   5.6 %   5.0 (e)   Note: As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the lower of the Standardized or Advanced capital ratios under each of the transitional and fully phased in approaches in the table above represents the Firm’s Collins Floor, as discussed in Monitoring and management of Capital on page 151.  (a) The Tier 1 leverage ratio is not a risk-based measure of capital. This ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted average assets. (b) Effective January 1, 2015, the Basel III Standardized RWA is calculated under the Basel III definition of the Standardized approach. Prior periods were based on Basel I (inclusive of Basel 2.5). (c) Represents the transitional minimum capital ratios applicable to the Firm under Basel III as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.  (d) Represents the minimum capital ratios applicable to the Firm on a fully phased-in Basel III basis. At December 31, 2015, the ratios include the Firm’s estimate of its Fully Phased-In U.S. GSIB surcharge of 3.5%, based on the final U.S. GSIB rule published by the Federal Reserve on July 20, 2015. At December 31, 2014, the ratios included the Firm’s GSIB surcharge of 2.5% which was published in November 2014 by the Financial Stability Board and calculated under the Basel Committee on Banking Supervisions Final GSIB rule. The minimum capital ratios will be fully phased-in effective January 1, 2019. For additional information on the GSIB surcharge, see page 152. (e) In the case of the SLR, the fully phased-in minimum ratio is effective beginning January 1, 2018.  150   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Strategy and governance The Firm’s CEO, in conjunction with the Board of Directors, establishes principles and guidelines for capital planning, issuance, usage and distributions, and establishes capital targets for the level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and highly stressed environments. The Firm’s senior management recognizes the importance of a capital management function that supports strategic decision-making. The Capital Governance Committee and the Regulatory Capital Management Office (“RCMO”) are key components in support of this objective. The Capital Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the Firm’s Capital Management Policy and the principles underlying capital issuance and distribution alternatives. The Committee is also responsible for governing the capital adequacy assessment process, including overall design, assumptions and risk streams, and ensuring that capital stress test programs are designed to adequately capture the idiosyncratic risks across the Firm’s businesses. RCMO, which reports to the Firm’s CFO, is responsible for reviewing, approving and monitoring the implementation of the Firm’s capital policies and strategies, as well as its capital adequacy assessment process. The review assesses the effectiveness of the capital adequacy process, the appropriateness of the risk tolerance levels, and the strength of the control infrastructure. The DRPC oversees the Firm’s capital adequacy process and its components. The Basel Independent Review function (“BIR”), which reports to the RCMO and the Capital Governance Committee, conducts independent assessments of the Firm’s regulatory capital framework to ensure compliance with the applicable U.S. Basel rules in support of the DRPC’s and senior management’s oversight of the Firm’s capital processes. For additional discussion on the DRPC, see Enterprise-wide Risk Management on  pages 107–111 . Monitoring and management of capital  In its monitoring and management of capital, the Firm takes into consideration an assessment of economic risk and all regulatory capital requirements to determine the level of capital needed to meet and maintain the objectives discussed above, as well as to support the framework for allocating capital to its business segments. While economic risk is considered prior to making decisions on future business activities, in most cases, the Firm considers risk-based regulatory capital to be a proxy for economic risk capital. Regulatory capital  The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well capitalized standards, for the consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar minimum capital requirements for the Firm’s national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A.  The U.S. capital requirements generally follow the Capital Accord of the Basel Committee, as amended from time to time. Prior to January 1, 2014, the Firm and its banking subsidiaries were subject to the capital requirements of Basel I and Basel 2.5. Effective January 1, 2014, the Firm became subject to Basel III (which incorporates Basel 2.5).   Basel III overview Basel III capital rules, for large and internationally active U.S. bank holding companies and banks, including the Firm and its insured depository institution (“IDI”) subsidiaries, revised, among other things, the definition of capital and introduced a new CET1 capital requirement. Basel III presents two comprehensive methodologies for calculating RWA, a general (Standardized) approach, which replaced Basel I RWA effective January 1, 2015 (“Basel III Standardized”) and an advanced approach, which replaced Basel II RWA (“Basel III Advanced”); and sets out minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards. Certain of the requirements of Basel III are subject to phase-in periods that began on January 1, 2014 and continue through the end of 2018 (“transitional period”).  The capital adequacy of the Firm and its national bank subsidiaries is evaluated against the Basel III approach (Standardized or Advanced) which results in the lower ratio (the “Collins Floor”), as required by the Collins Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III establishes capital requirements for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, operational risk RWA. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced, both of which incorporate the requirements set forth in Basel 2.5. In addition to the RWA calculated under these methodologies, the Firm may supplement such amounts to incorporate management judgment and feedback from its bank regulators. Basel III also includes a requirement for Advanced Approach banking organizations, including the Firm, to calculate a Supplementary Leverage Ratio (“SLR”). For additional information on SLR, see page 155.    Basel III Fully Phased-In Basel III capital rules will become fully phased-in on January 1, 2019, at which point the Firm will continue to calculate its capital ratios under both the Basel III Standardized and Advanced Approaches. While the Firm has imposed Basel III Standardized Fully Phased-In RWA limits on its lines of business, the Firm continues to manage each of the businesses (including line of business equity allocations), as well as the corporate functions, primarily on a Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In basis. The Firm’s capital, RWA and capital ratios that are presented under Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In rules and the Firm’s and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s and Chase Bank USA, N.A.’s SLRs calculated under the Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In rules are non-GAAP financial measures. However, such measures are used by banking regulators, investors and analysts to assess the  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   151 Management’s discussion and analysis Firm’s capital position and to compare the Firm’s capital to that of other financial services companies. The Firm’s estimates of its Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In capital, RWA and capital ratios and of the Firm’s, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s, and Chase Bank USA, N.A.’s SLRs reflect management’s current understanding of the U.S. Basel III rules based on the current published rules and on the application of such rules to the Firm’s businesses as currently conducted. The actual    impact on the Firm’s capital ratios and SLR as of the effective date of the rules may differ from the Firm’s current estimates depending on changes the Firm may make to its businesses in the future, further implementation guidance from the regulators, and regulatory approval of certain of the Firm’s internal risk models (or, alternatively, regulatory disapproval of the Firm’s internal risk models that have previously been conditionally approved). Risk-based capital regulatory minimums The following chart presents the Basel III minimum CET1 capital ratio during the transitional periods and on a fully phased-in basis under the Basel III rules currently in effect.  At December 31, 2015 and 2014, JPMorgan Chase maintained Basel III Standardized Transitional and Basel III Advanced Transitional capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the Federal Reserve. Additional information regarding the Firm’s capital ratios, as well as the U.S. federal regulatory capital standards to which the Firm is subject, is presented in Note 28. For further information on the Firm’s Basel III measures, see the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website (http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/basel.cfm). All banking institutions are currently required to have a minimum capital ratio of 4.5% of CET1 capital. Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, will be required to hold additional amounts of capital to serve as a “capital conservation buffer.” The capital conservation buffer is intended to be used to absorb potential losses in times of financial or economic stress. If not maintained, the Firm could be limited in the amount of capital that may be distributed, including dividends and common equity repurchases. The capital conservation buffer is to be phased-in over time, beginning January 1, 2016 through January 1, 2019.    When fully phased-in, the capital conservation buffer requires an additional 2.5% of CET1 capital, as well as additional levels of capital in the form of a GSIB surcharge and the recently implemented countercyclical capital buffer. On July 20, 2015, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule requiring GSIBs to calculate their GSIB surcharge, on an annual basis, under two separately prescribed methods, and to be subject to the higher of the two. The first method (“Method 1”) reflects the GSIB surcharge as prescribed by Basel rules, and is calculated across five criteria: size, cross-jurisdictional activity, interconnectedness, complexity and substitutability. The second method (“Method 2”) modifies the requirements to include a measure of short-term wholesale funding in place of substitutability, and introduces a GSIB score “multiplication factor.” Based upon data as of December 31, 2015, the Firm estimates its fully phased-in GSIB surcharge would be 2% of CET1 capital under Method 1 and 3.5% under Method 2. On July 20, 2015, the date of the last published estimate, the Federal Reserve had estimated the Firm’s GSIB surcharge to be 2.5% under Method 1 and 4.5% under Method 2 as of December 31, 2014.  152   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The countercyclical capital buffer is a potential expansion of the capital conservation buffer that takes into account the macro financial environment in which large, internationally active banks function. As of December 31, 2015 the Federal Reserve reaffirmed setting the U.S. countercyclical capital buffer at 0%, and stated that it will review the amount at least annually. The countercyclical capital buffer can be increased if the Federal Reserve, FDIC and OCC determine that credit growth in the economy has become excessive and can be set at up to an additional 2.5% of RWA. On December 21, 2015, the Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the FDIC and OCC, requested public comment, due March 21, 2016, on a proposed policy statement detailing the framework that would be followed in setting the U.S. Basel III countercyclical capital buffer.  Based on the Firm’s most recent estimate of its GSIB surcharge and the current countercyclical buffer being set at 0%, the Firm estimates its fully phased-in capital conservation buffer would be 6%.  As well as meeting the capital ratio requirements of Basel III, the Firm must, in order to be “well-capitalized”, maintain a minimum 6% Tier 1 and a 10% Total capital requirement. Each of the Firm’s IDI subsidiaries must maintain a minimum 5% Tier 1 leverage, 6.5% CET1, 8% Tier 1 and 10% Total capital standard to meet the definition of “well-capitalized” under the Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) requirements of the FDIC Improvement Act(“FDICIA”) for IDI subsidiaries. The PCA standards for IDI subsidiaries were effective January 1, 2015.   A reconciliation of total stockholders’ equity to Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital is presented in the table below. Beginning July 21, 2015, the Volcker Rule provisions regarding the prohibitions against proprietary trading and holding ownership interests in or sponsoring “covered funds” became effective. The deduction from Basel III Tier 1 capital associated with the permissible holdings of covered funds acquired after December 31, 2013 was not material as of December 31, 2015.   For additional information on the components of regulatory capital, see Note 28. Capital components   (in millions) December 31, 2015 Total stockholders’ equity $ 247,573 Less: Preferred stock 26,068 Common stockholders’ equity 221,505 Less:   Goodwill 47,325 Other intangible assets 1,015 Add:    Deferred tax liabilities (a)  3,148 Less: Other CET1 capital adjustments 3,124 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital 173,189 Preferred stock 26,068 Less:   Other Tier 1 adjustments 210 Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital $ 199,047 Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as  Tier 2 capital $ 16,679 Qualifying allowance for credit losses 14,341 Other (91 ) Standardized Fully Phased-In Tier 2 capital $ 30,929 Standardized Fully Phased-in Total capital $ 229,976 Adjustment in qualifying allowance for credit losses for Advanced Tier 2 capital (9,797 ) Advanced Fully Phased-In Tier 2 capital $ 21,132 Advanced Fully Phased-In Total capital $ 220,179 (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   153 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table presents a reconciliation of the Firm’s Basel III Transitional CET1 capital to the Firm’s estimated Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital as of  December 31, 2015 . (in millions) December 31, 2015 Transitional CET1 capital $ 175,398 AOCI phase-in (a) 427 CET1 capital deduction phase-in (b) (2,005 ) Intangible assets deduction phase-in (c) (546 ) Other adjustments to CET1 capital (d) (85 ) Fully Phased-In CET1 capital $ 173,189 (a) Includes the remaining balance of AOCI related to AFS debt securities and defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefit (“OPEB”) plans that will qualify as Basel III CET1 capital upon full phase-in. (b) Predominantly includes regulatory adjustments related to changes in FVA/DVA, as well as CET1 deductions for defined benefit pension plan assets and deferred tax assets related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. (c) Relates to intangible assets, other than goodwill and MSRs, that are required to be deducted from CET1 capital upon full phase-in. (d) Includes minority interest and the Firm’s investments in its own CET1 capital instruments.   Capital rollforward The following table presents the changes in Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital for the year ended December 31, 2015. Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at December 31, 2014 $ 164,514 Net income applicable to common equity 22,927 Dividends declared on common stock (6,484 ) Net purchase of treasury stock (3,835 ) Changes in additional paid-in capital (770 ) Changes related to AOCI (2,116 ) Adjustment related to FVA/DVA (454 ) Other (593 ) Increase in Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital 8,675 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at December 31, 2015 $ 173,189     Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2014 $ 184,572 Change in CET1 capital 8,675 Net issuance of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock 6,005 Other (205 ) Increase in Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital 14,475 Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2015 $ 199,047     Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2014 $ 32,147 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 (748 ) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses (466 ) Other (4 ) Increase in Standardized Tier 2 capital (1,218 ) Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2015 $ 30,929 Standardized Total capital at December 31, 2015 $ 229,976 Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2014 $ 21,607 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 (748 ) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses 277 Other (4 ) Increase in Advanced Tier 2 capital (475 ) Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2015 $ 21,132 Advanced Total capital at December 31, 2015 $ 220,179 154   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report RWA rollforward The following table presents changes in the components of RWA under Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In for the year ended December 31, 2015. The amounts in the rollforward categories are estimates, based on the predominant driver of the change.   Standardized   Advanced Year ended December 31, 2015 (in billions) Credit risk RWA Market risk RWA Total RWA   Credit risk RWA Market risk RWA Operational risk  RWA Total RWA December 31, 2014 $ 1,381 $ 180 $ 1,561   $ 1,040 $ 179 $ 400 $ 1,619 Model & data changes (a) (17 ) (15 ) (32 )   (38 ) (15 ) — (53 ) Portfolio runoff (b) (13 ) (8 ) (21 )   (21 ) (8 ) — (29 ) Movement in portfolio levels (c) (18 ) (15 ) (33 )   (27 ) (14 ) — (41 ) Changes in RWA (48 ) (38 ) (86 )   (86 ) (37 ) — (123 ) December 31, 2015 $ 1,333 $ 142 $ 1,475   $ 954 $ 142 $ 400 $ 1,496 (a)  Model & data changes refer to movements in levels of RWA as a result of revised methodologies and/or treatment per regulatory guidance (exclusive of rule changes). (b) Portfolio runoff for credit risk RWA reflects reduced risk from position rolloffs in legacy portfolios in Mortgage Banking, (primarily under the Advanced framework) and Broker Dealer Services (primarily under the Standardized framework); and for market risk RWA reflects reduced risk from position rolloffs in legacy portfolios in the wholesale businesses. (c)  Movement in portfolio levels for credit risk RWA refers to changes in book size, composition, credit quality, and market movements; and for market risk RWA refers to changes in position and market movements. Supplementary leverage ratio The SLR is defined as Tier 1 capital under Basel III divided by the Firm’s total leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure is calculated by taking the Firm’s total average on-balance sheet assets, less amounts permitted to be deducted for Tier 1 capital, and adding certain off-balance sheet exposures, such as undrawn commitments and derivatives potential future exposure. On September 3, 2014, the U.S. banking regulators adopted a final rule for the calculation of the SLR. The U.S. final rule requires public disclosure of the SLR beginning with the first quarter of 2015, and also requires U.S. bank holding companies, including the Firm, to have a minimum SLR of 5% and IDI subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., to have a minimum SLR of 6%, both beginning January 1, 2018. As of December 31, 2015, the Firm estimates that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s and Chase Bank USA, N.A.’s Fully Phased-In SLRs are approximately 6.6% and 8.3%, respectively.  The following table presents the components of the Firm’s Fully Phased-In SLR, a non-GAAP financial measure, as of December 31, 2015. (in millions, except ratio) December 31, 2015 Fully Phased-in Tier 1 Capital $ 199,047 Total average assets 2,408,253 Less: amounts deducted from Tier 1 capital 47,754 Total adjusted average assets (a) 2,360,499 Off-balance sheet exposures (b) 718,620 SLR leverage exposure $ 3,079,119 SLR 6.5 % (a) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the SLR, includes total quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill and other intangible assets. (b) Off-balance sheet exposures are calculated as the average of the three month-end spot balances in the reporting quarter.   Planning and stress testing Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review The Federal Reserve requires large bank holding companies, including the Firm, to submit a capital plan on an annual basis. The Federal Reserve uses the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act stress test processes to ensure that large bank holding companies have sufficient capital during periods of economic and financial stress, and have robust, forward-looking capital assessment and planning processes in place that address each bank holding company’s (“BHC”) unique risks to enable them to have the ability to absorb losses under certain stress scenarios. Through the CCAR, the Federal Reserve evaluates each BHC’s capital adequacy and internal capital adequacy assessment processes, as well as its plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments or stock repurchases. On March 11, 2015, the Federal Reserve informed the Firm that it did not object, on either a quantitative or qualitative basis, to the Firm’s 2015 capital plan. For information on actions taken by the Firm’s Board of Directors following the 2015 CCAR results, see Capital actions on page 157. For 2016, the Federal Reserve revised the capital plan cycle for the CCAR process. Under the revised time line, the Firm is required to submit its 2016 capital plan to the Federal Reserve by April 5, 2016. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects to respond to the capital plan submissions of bank holding companies by June 30, 2016. The Firm’s CCAR process is integrated into and employs the same methodologies utilized in the Firm’s ICAAP process, as discussed below. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   155 Management’s discussion and analysis Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process Semiannually, the Firm completes the ICAAP, which provides management with a view of the impact of severe and unexpected events on earnings, balance sheet positions, reserves and capital. The Firm’s ICAAP integrates stress testing protocols with capital planning. The process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on the Firm’s earnings and capital. Economic scenarios, and the parameters underlying those scenarios, are defined centrally and applied uniformly across the businesses. These scenarios are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, which are key drivers of business results; global market shocks, which generate short-term but severe trading losses; and idiosyncratic operational risk events. The scenarios are intended to capture and stress key vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks facing the Firm. However, when defining a broad range of scenarios, realized events can always be worse. Accordingly, management considers additional stresses outside these scenarios, as necessary. ICAAP results are reviewed by management and the Board of Directors. Line of business equity The Firm’s framework for allocating capital to its business segments (line of business equity) is based on the following objectives: • Integrate firmwide and line of business capital management activities; • Measure performance consistently across all lines of business; and • Provide comparability with peer firms for each of the lines of business. Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand-alone peer comparisons, regulatory capital requirements (as estimated under Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In) and economic risk. Capital is also allocated to each line of business for, among other things, goodwill and other intangibles associated with acquisitions effected by the line of business. ROE is measured and internal targets for expected returns are established as key measures of a business segment’s performance. Line of business equity   Yearly average Year ended December 31, (in billions)   2015   2014   2013 Consumer & Community Banking   $ 51.0   $ 51.0   $ 46.0 Corporate & Investment Bank   62.0   61.0   56.5 Commercial Banking   14.0   14.0   13.5 Asset Management   9.0   9.0   9.0 Corporate   79.7   72.4   71.4 Total common stockholders’ equity   $ 215.7   $ 207.4   $ 196.4 On at least an annual basis, the Firm assesses the level of capital required for each line of business as well as the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital. The line of business equity allocations are updated as refinements are implemented. The table below reflects the Firm’s assessed level of capital required for each line of business as of  the dates indicated.    Line of business equity January 1,  2016   December 31, (in billions)   2015   2014 Consumer & Community Banking $ 51.0   $ 51.0   $ 51.0 Corporate & Investment Bank 64.0   62.0   61.0 Commercial Banking 16.0   14.0   14.0 Asset Management 9.0   9.0   9.0 Corporate 81.5   85.5   76.7 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 221.5   $ 221.5   $ 211.7 Other capital requirements Minimum Total Loss Absorbing Capacity  In November 2015, the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) finalized the TLAC standard for GSIBs, which establishes the criteria for TLAC eligible debt and capital instruments and defines the minimum requirements for amounts of loss absorbing and recapitalization capacity. This amount and type of debt and capital instruments is intended to effectively absorb losses, as necessary, upon the failure of a GSIB, without imposing such losses on taxpayers of the relevant jurisdiction or causing severe systemic disruptions, and thereby ensuring the continuity of the GSIB’s critical functions. The final standard will require GSIBs to meet a common minimum TLAC requirement of 16% of the financial institution’s RWA, effective January 1, 2019, and at least 18% effective January 1, 2022. The minimum TLAC must also be at least 6% of a financial institution’s Basel III leverage ratio denominator, effective January 1, 2019, and at least 6.75% effective January 1, 2022. On October 30, 2015, the Federal Reserve issued proposed rules that would require the top-tier holding companies of eight U.S. global systemically important bank holding companies, including the Firm, among other things, to maintain minimum levels of eligible TLAC and long-term debt satisfying certain eligibility criteria (“eligible LTD”) commencing January 1, 2019. Under the proposal, these eight U.S GSIBs  would be required to maintain minimum TLAC of no less than 18% of the financial institution’s RWA or 9.5% of its leverage exposure (as defined by the rules), plus in the case of the RWA-based measure, a TLAC buffer that is equal to 2.5% of the financial institution’s CET1, any applicable countercyclical buffer and the financial institution’s GSIB surcharge as calculated under method 1. The minimum level of eligible LTD that would be required to be maintained by these eight U.S. GSIBs would be equal to the greater of (A) 6% of the financial institution’s RWA, plus the higher of the method 1 or method 2 GSIB surcharge applicable to the institution and (B) 4.5% of its leverage exposure (as defined by the rules). These proposed TLAC Rules would disqualify from eligible LTD, among other instruments, senior debt securities that permit acceleration for reasons other than insolvency or payment default, as well as structured notes and debt securities not governed by U.S. law. The Firm is currently evaluating the impact of the proposal. 156   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Capital actions Dividends  The Firm’s common stock dividend policy reflects JPMorgan Chase’s earnings outlook, desired dividend payout ratio, capital objectives, and alternative investment opportunities. Following receipt on March 11, 2015, of the Federal Reserve’s non-objection to the Firm’s 2015 capital plan submitted under its CCAR, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors increased the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.44 per share, effective with the dividend paid on July 31, 2015. The Firm’s dividends are subject to the Board of Directors’ approval at the customary times those dividends are declared. For information regarding dividend restrictions, see Note 22 and Note 27. The following table shows the common dividend payout ratio based on reported net income. Year ended December 31, 2015   2014   2013 Common dividend payout ratio 28 %   29 %   33 % Common equity  During the year ended December 31, 2015, warrant holders exercised their right to purchase 12.4 million shares of the Firm’s common stock. The Firm issued 4.7 million shares of its common stock as a result of these exercises. As of December 31, 2015, 47.4 million warrants remained outstanding, compared with 59.8 million outstanding as of December 31, 2014. On  March 11, 2015 , in conjunction with the Federal Reserve’s release of its 2015 CCAR results, the Firm’s Board of Directors authorized a  $6.4 billion  common equity (i.e., common stock and warrants) repurchase program. As of  December 31, 2015 ,  $2.7 billion  (on a settlement-date basis) of authorized repurchase capacity remained under the program. This authorization includes shares repurchased to offset issuances under the Firm’s equity-based compensation plans. The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, on a settlement-date basis. There were no warrants repurchased during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased   89.8   82.3   96.1 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases   $ 5,616   $ 4,760   $ 4,789 The Firm may, from time to time, enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to facilitate repurchases in accordance with the common equity repurchase program. A Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan allows the Firm to repurchase its equity during periods when it would not otherwise be repurchasing common equity — for example, during internal trading “blackout periods.” All purchases under a Rule 10b5-1 plan must be made according to a predefined plan established    when the Firm is not aware of material nonpublic information. The authorization to repurchase common equity will be utilized at management’s discretion, and the timing of purchases and the exact amount of common equity that may be repurchased is subject to various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); internal capital generation; and alternative investment opportunities. The repurchase program does not include specific price targets or timetables; may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilize Rule 10b5-1 programs; and may be suspended at any time. For additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securities, see Part II, Item 5: Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities on  page 20 . Preferred stock  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Firm issued $6.0 billion of noncumulative preferred stock. Preferred stock dividends declared were $1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015. Assuming all preferred stock issuances were outstanding for the entire year and quarterly dividends were declared on such issuances, preferred stock dividends would have been $1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015. For additional information on the Firm’s preferred stock, see Note 22. Redemption of outstanding trust preferred securities On April 2, 2015, the Firm redeemed $1.5 billion, or 100% of the liquidation amount, of JPMorgan Chase Capital XXIX trust preferred securities. On May 8, 2013, the Firm redeemed approximately $5.0 billion, or 100% of the liquidation amount, of the following eight series of trust preferred securities: JPMorgan Chase Capital X, XI, XII, XIV, XVI, XIX, XXIV, and BANK ONE Capital VI. For a further discussion of trust preferred securities, see Note 21. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   157 Management’s discussion and analysis Broker-dealer regulatory capital JPMorgan Chase’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are JPMorgan Securities and J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. (“JPMorgan Clearing”). JPMorgan Clearing is a subsidiary of JPMorgan Securities and provides clearing and settlement services. JPMorgan Securities and JPMorgan Clearing are each subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Net Capital Rule”). JPMorgan Securities and JPMorgan Clearing are also each registered as futures commission merchants and subject to Rule 1.17 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). JPMorgan Securities and JPMorgan Clearing have elected to compute their minimum net capital requirements in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirements” of the Net Capital Rule. At December 31, 2015, JPMorgan Securities’ net capital, as defined by the Net Capital Rule, was $14.2 billion, exceeding the minimum requirement by $11.9 billion, and JPMorgan Clearing’s net capital was $7.7 billion, exceeding the minimum requirement by $6.2 billion. In addition to its minimum net capital requirement, JPMorgan Securities is required to hold tentative net capital in excess of $1.0 billion and is also required to notify the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in the event that tentative net capital is less than $5.0 billion, in accordance with the market and credit risk standards of Appendix E of the Net Capital Rule. As of December 31, 2015, JPMorgan Securities had tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and is the Firm’s principal operating subsidiary in the U.K. It has authority to engage in banking, investment banking and broker-dealer activities. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is jointly regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). Commencing January 1, 2014, J.P. Morgan Securities plc became subject to the U.K. Basel III capital rules. At December 31, 2015, J.P. Morgan Securities plc had estimated total capital of $33.9 billion; its estimated CET1 capital ratio was 15.4% and its estimated Total capital ratio was 19.6%. Both capital ratios exceeded the minimum standards of 4.5% and 8.0%, respectively, under the transitional requirements of the European Union’s (“EU”) Basel III Capital Requirements Directive and Regulation, as well as the additional capital requirements specified by the PRA. 158   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its contractual and contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets. Liquidity risk oversight The Firm has a liquidity risk oversight function whose primary objective is to provide assessment, measurement, monitoring, and control of liquidity risk across the Firm. Liquidity risk oversight is managed through a dedicated firmwide Liquidity Risk Oversight group. The CTC CRO, as part of the independent risk management function, has responsibility for firmwide Liquidity Risk Oversight. Liquidity Risk Oversight’s responsibilities include but are  not limited to: • Establishing and monitoring limits, indicators, and thresholds, including liquidity appetite tolerances; • Defining, monitoring, and reporting internal firmwide and legal entity stress tests, and monitoring and reporting regulatory defined stress testing; • Monitoring and reporting liquidity positions, balance sheet variances and funding activities; • Conducting ad hoc analysis to identify potential emerging liquidity risks. Risk governance and measurement Specific committees responsible for liquidity governance include firmwide ALCO as well as line of business and regional ALCOs, and the CTC Risk Committee. For further discussion of the risk and risk-related committees, see Enterprise-wide Risk Management on  pages 107–111 . Internal Stress testing Liquidity stress tests are intended to ensure sufficient liquidity for the Firm under a variety of adverse scenarios. Results of stress tests are therefore considered in the formulation of the Firm’s funding plan and assessment of its liquidity position. Liquidity outflow assumptions are modeled across a range of time horizons and contemplate both market and idiosyncratic stress. Standard stress tests are performed on a regular basis and ad hoc stress tests are performed in response to specific market events or concerns. Stress scenarios are produced for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“Parent Company”) and the Firm’s major subsidiaries. Liquidity stress tests assume all of the Firm’s contractual obligations are met and then take into consideration varying levels of access to unsecured and secured funding markets. Additionally, assumptions with respect to potential non-contractual and contingent outflows are contemplated.   Liquidity management Treasury is responsible for liquidity management. The primary objectives of effective liquidity management are to ensure that the Firm’s core businesses are able to operate in support of client needs, meet contractual and contingent obligations through normal economic cycles as well as during stress events, and to manage optimal funding mix, and availability of liquidity sources. The Firm manages liquidity and funding using a centralized, global approach in order to optimize liquidity sources and uses. In the context of the Firm’s liquidity management, Treasury is responsible for: • Analyzing and understanding the liquidity characteristics of the Firm, lines of business and legal entities’ assets and liabilities, taking into account legal, regulatory, and operational restrictions; • Defining and monitoring firmwide and legal entity liquidity strategies, policies, guidelines, and contingency funding plans; • Managing liquidity within approved liquidity risk appetite tolerances and limits; • Setting transfer pricing in accordance with underlying liquidity characteristics of balance sheet assets and liabilities as well as certain off-balance sheet items. Contingency funding plan The Firm’s contingency funding plan (“CFP”), which is reviewed by ALCO and approved by the DRPC, is a compilation of procedures and action plans for managing liquidity through stress events. The CFP incorporates the limits and indicators set by the Liquidity Risk Oversight group. These limits and indicators are reviewed regularly to identify the emergence of risks or vulnerabilities in the Firm’s liquidity position. The CFP identifies the alternative contingent liquidity resources available to the Firm in a stress event. Parent Company and subsidiary funding The Parent Company acts as a source of funding to its subsidiaries. The Firm’s liquidity management is intended to maintain liquidity at the Parent Company, in addition to funding and liquidity raised at the subsidiary operating level, at levels sufficient to fund the operations of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries for an extended period of time in a stress environment where access to normal funding sources is disrupted. The Parent Company currently holds sufficient liquidity to withstand peak outflows over a one year liquidity stress horizon, assuming no access to wholesale funding markets. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   159 Management’s discussion and analysis LCR and NSFR The Firm must comply with the U.S. LCR rule, which is intended to measure the amount of HQLA held by the Firm in relation to estimated net cash outflows within a 30-day period during an acute stress event. The LCR is required to be 80% at January 1, 2015, increasing by 10% each year until reaching the 100% minimum by January 1, 2017. At December 31, 2015, the Firm was compliant with the fully phased-in U.S. LCR.  On October 31, 2014, the Basel Committee issued the final standard for the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) — which is intended to measure the “available” amount of stable funding relative to the “required” amount of stable funding over a one-year horizon. NSFR will become a minimum standard by January 1, 2018 and requires that this ratio be equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. At December 31, 2015, the Firm was compliant with the NSFR based on its current understanding of the final Basel rule. The U.S. banking regulators are expected to issue an NPR that would outline requirements specific to U.S. banks. HQLA HQLA is the amount of assets that qualify for inclusion in the U.S. LCR. HQLA primarily consists of cash and certain unencumbered high quality liquid assets as defined in the final rule. As of  December 31, 2015 , the Firm’s HQLA was  $496 billion , compared with  $600 billion  as of December 31, 2014. The decrease in HQLA was due to lower cash balances largely driven by lower non-operating deposit balances; however, the Firm remains LCR-compliant given the corresponding reduction in estimated net cash outflows associated with those deposits. HQLA may fluctuate from period to period primarily due to normal flows from client activity. The following table presents the estimated HQLA included in the LCR broken out by HQLA-eligible cash and securities as of  December 31, 2015 . (in billions) December 31, 2015   HQLA     Eligible cash (a)   $ 304 Eligible securities (b)   192 Total HQLA   $ 496 (a) Cash on deposit at central banks. (b) Predominantly includes U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasuries, and sovereign bonds net of applicable haircuts under U.S. LCR rules.   In addition to HQLA, as of  December 31, 2015 , the Firm has approximately  $249 billion  of unencumbered marketable securities, such as equity securities and fixed income debt securities, available to raise liquidity, if required. Furthermore, the Firm maintains borrowing capacity at various Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLBs”), the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and various other central banks as a result of collateral pledged by the Firm to such banks. Although available, the Firm does not view the borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and the various other central banks as a primary source of liquidity. As of  December 31, 2015 , the Firm’s remaining borrowing capacity at various FHLBs and the Federal Reserve Bank discount window was approximately  $183 billion . This remaining borrowing capacity excludes the benefit of securities included above in HQLA or other unencumbered securities currently held at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window for which the Firm has not drawn liquidity. Funding Sources of funds Management believes that the Firm’s unsecured and secured funding capacity is sufficient to meet its on- and off-balance sheet obligations. The Firm funds its global balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including a stable deposit franchise as well as secured and unsecured funding in the capital markets. The Firm’s loan portfolio ( $837.3 billion  at  December 31, 2015 ), is funded with a portion of the Firm’s deposits ( $1,279.7 billion  at  December 31, 2015 ) and through securitizations and, with respect to a portion of the Firm’s real estate-related loans, with secured borrowings from the FHLBs. Deposits in excess of the amount utilized to fund loans are primarily invested in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio or deployed in cash or other short-term liquid investments based on their interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics. Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and trading assets- debt and equity instruments are primarily funded by the Firm’s securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, trading liabilities–debt and equity instruments, and a portion of the Firm’s long-term debt and stockholders’ equity. In addition to funding securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and trading assets-debt and   equity instruments, proceeds from the Firm’s debt and equity issuances are used to fund certain loans and other financial and non-financial assets, or may be invested in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. See the discussion below for additional information relating to Deposits, Short-term funding, and Long-term funding and issuance. 160   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Deposits A key strength of the Firm is its diversified deposit franchise, through each of its lines of business, which provides a stable source of funding and limits reliance on the wholesale funding markets. As of  December 31, 2015 , the Firm’s loans-to-deposits ratio was  65% , compared with  56%  at December 31, 2014.   As of  December 31, 2015 , total deposits for the Firm were  $1,279.7 billion , compared with  $1,363.4 billion  at December 31, 2014 ( 61%  and  58%  of total liabilities at  December 31, 2015  and 2014, respectively). The decrease was attributable to lower wholesale non-operating deposits, partially offset by higher consumer deposits. For further information, see Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis on  pages 75–76 . The Firm has typically experienced higher customer deposit inflows at quarter-ends. Therefore, the Firm believes average deposit balances are generally more representative of deposit trends. The table below summarizes, by line of business, the period-end and average deposit balances as of and for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and 2014. Deposits     Year ended December 31, As of or for the period ended December 31,       Average (in millions) 2015 2014   2015 2014 Consumer & Community Banking $ 557,645 $ 502,520   $ 530,938 $ 486,919 Corporate & Investment Bank 395,228 468,423   414,064 417,517 Commercial Banking 172,470 213,682   184,132 190,425 Asset Management 146,766 155,247   149,525 150,121 Corporate 7,606 23,555   17,129 19,319 Total Firm $ 1,279,715 $ 1,363,427   $ 1,295,788 $ 1,264,301 A significant portion of the Firm’s deposits are consumer deposits, which are considered a stable source of liquidity. Additionally, the majority of the Firm’s wholesale operating deposits are also considered to be stable sources of liquidity because they are generated from customers that maintain operating service relationships with the Firm. Wholesale non-operating deposits, including a portion of balances previously reported as commercial paper sweep liabilities, decreased by approximately $200 billion from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2015, predominantly driven by the Firm’s actions to reduce such deposits. The reduction has not had a significant impact on the Firm’s liquidity position as discussed under LCR and HQLA above. For further discussions of deposit and liability balance trends, see the discussion of the Firm’s business segments results and the Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis on  pages 83–106  and  pages 75–76 , respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   161 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table summarizes short-term and long-term funding, excluding deposits, as of  December 31, 2015  and 2014, and average balances for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. For additional information, see the Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis on  pages 75–76  and Note 21. Sources of funds (excluding deposits) 2015 2014     As of or for the year ended December 31,    Average (in millions)   2015 2014 Commercial paper:           Wholesale funding $ 15,562 $ 24,052   $ 19,340 $ 19,442 Client cash management — 42,292   18,800 40,474 Total commercial paper $ 15,562 $ 66,344   $ 38,140 $ 59,916             Obligations of Firm-administered multi-seller conduits (a) $ 8,724 $ 12,047   $ 11,961 $ 10,427             Other borrowed funds $ 21,105 $ 30,222   $ 28,816 $ 31,721             Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase:           Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 129,598 $ 167,077   $ 168,163 $ 181,186 Securities loaned 18,174 21,798   19,493 22,586 Total securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (b)(c)(d) $ 147,772 $ 188,875   $ 187,656 $ 203,772             Senior notes $ 149,964 $ 142,169   $ 147,498 $ 139,388 Trust preferred securities 3,969 5,435   4,341 5,408 Subordinated debt 25,027 29,387   27,310 29,009 Structured notes 32,813 30,021   31,309 30,311 Total long-term unsecured funding $ 211,773 $ 207,012   $ 210,458 $ 204,116             Credit card securitization (a) 27,906 31,197   30,382 28,892 Other securitizations (e) 1,760 2,008   1,909 2,734 FHLB advances 71,581 64,994   70,150 60,667 Other long-term secured funding (f) 5,297 4,373   4,332 5,031 Total long-term secured funding $ 106,544 $ 102,572   $ 106,773 $ 97,324             Preferred stock (g) $ 26,068 $ 20,063   24,040 $ 17,018 Common stockholders’ equity (g) $ 221,505 $ 211,664   215,690 $ 207,400 (a) Included in beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Excludes federal funds purchased. (c) Excluded long-term structured repurchase agreements of  $4.2 billion  and  $2.7 billion  as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and average balances of  $3.9 billion  and  $4.2 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  (d) Excluded average long-term securities loaned of  $24 million  as of December 31, 2014. There was no balance for the other periods presented. (e) Other securitizations includes securitizations of residential mortgages and student loans. The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions, which are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table. (f) Includes long-term structured notes which are secured. (g) For additional information on preferred stock and common stockholders’ equity see Capital Management on  pages 149–158 , Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity, Note 22 and Note 23. 162   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Short-term funding During the third quarter of 2015 the Firm completed the discontinuation of its commercial paper customer sweep cash management program. This change has not had a significant impact on the Firm’s liquidity as the majority of these customer funds remain as deposits at the Firm. The Firm’s sources of short-term secured funding primarily consist of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are secured predominantly by high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and agency MBS, and constitute a significant portion of the federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements on the Consolidated balance sheets. The decrease in securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase at  December 31, 2015 , compared with the balance at December 31, 2014 (as well as the average balances for the full year 2015, compared with the prior year) was due to a decline in secured financing of trading assets-debt and equity instruments in CIB. The balances associated with securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase fluctuate over time due to customers’ investment and financing activities; the Firm’s demand for financing; the ongoing management of the mix of the Firm’s liabilities, including its secured and unsecured financing (for both the investment securities and market-making portfolios); and other market and portfolio factors. Long-term funding and issuance Long-term funding provides additional sources of stable funding and liquidity for the Firm. The Firm’s long-term funding plan is driven by expected client activity, liquidity considerations, and regulatory requirements. Long-term funding objectives include maintaining diversification, maximizing market access and optimizing funding costs, as well as maintaining a certain level of liquidity at the Parent Company. The Firm evaluates various funding markets, tenors and currencies in creating its optimal long-term funding plan. The significant majority of the Firm’s long-term unsecured funding is issued by the Parent Company to provide maximum flexibility in support of both bank and nonbank subsidiary funding. The following table summarizes long-term unsecured issuance and maturities or redemptions for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and 2014. For additional information, see Note 21.   Long-term unsecured funding   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Issuance     Senior notes issued in the U.S. market $ 19,212 $ 16,322 Senior notes issued in non-U.S. markets 10,188 11,193 Total senior notes 29,400 27,515 Subordinated debt 3,210 4,956 Structured notes 22,165 19,806 Total long-term unsecured funding – issuance $ 54,775 $ 52,277       Maturities/redemptions     Senior notes $ 18,454 $ 21,169 Trust preferred securities 1,500 — Subordinated debt 6,908 4,487 Structured notes 18,099 18,554 Total long-term unsecured funding – maturities/redemptions $ 44,961 $ 44,210 The Firm raises secured long-term funding through securitization of consumer credit card loans and advances from the FHLBs.  The following table summarizes the securitization issuance and FHLB advances and their respective maturities or redemption for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and 2014.  Long-term secured funding         Year ended  December 31, Issuance   Maturities/Redemptions (in millions) 2015 2014   2015 2014 Credit card securitization $ 6,807 $ 8,327   $ 10,130 $ 3,774 Other securitizations (a) — —   248 309 FHLB advances 16,550 15,200   9,960 12,079 Other long-term secured funding 1,105 802   383 3,076 Total long-term secured funding $ 24,462 $ 24,329   $ 20,721 $ 19,238 (a) Other securitizations includes securitizations of residential mortgages and student loans. The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions; those client-driven loan securitizations are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table above. For further description of the client-driven loan securitizations, see Note 16. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   163 Management’s discussion and analysis Credit ratings The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings. Reductions in these ratings could have an adverse effect on the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Firm. Additionally, the Firm’s funding requirements for VIEs and other third party commitments may be adversely affected by a decline    in credit ratings. For additional information on the impact of a credit ratings downgrade on the funding requirements for VIEs, and on derivatives and collateral agreements, see Special-purpose entities on  page 77 , and credit risk, liquidity risk and credit-related contingent features in  Note 6. The credit ratings of the Parent Company and the Firm’s principal bank and nonbank subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, were as follows.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Chase Bank USA, N.A.   J.P. Morgan Securities LLC December 31, 2015 Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook   Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook   Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook Moody’s Investors Service A3 P-2 Stable   Aa3 P-1 Stable   Aa3 P-1 Stable Standard & Poor’s A- A-2 Stable   A+ A-1 Stable   A+ A-1 Stable Fitch Ratings A+ F1 Stable   AA- F1+ Stable   AA- F1+ Stable Downgrades of the Firm’s long-term ratings by one or two notches could result in an increase in its cost of funds, and access to certain funding markets could be reduced as noted above. The nature and magnitude of the impact of ratings downgrades depends on numerous contractual and   behavioral factors (which the Firm believes are incorporated in its liquidity risk and stress testing metrics). The Firm believes that it maintains sufficient liquidity to withstand a potential decrease in funding capacity due to ratings downgrades. JPMorgan Chase’s unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in the Firm’s credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, or stock price. Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, diverse funding sources, and disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures. Rating agencies continue to evaluate economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, and litigation matters, as well as their broader ratings methodologies. Changes in any of these factors could lead to changes in the Firm’s credit ratings.   In May 2015, Moody’s published its new bank rating methodology. As part of this action, the Firm’s preferred stock, deposits and bank subordinated debt ratings were upgraded by one notch. Additionally in May 2015, Fitch changed its bank ratings methodology, implementing ratings differentiation between bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries. This resulted in a one notch upgrade to the issuer ratings, senior debt ratings and long-term deposit ratings of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and certain other subsidiaries. In December 2015, S&P removed from its ratings for U.S. GSIBs the uplift assumption due to extraordinary government support. As a result, the Firm’s short-term and long-term senior unsecured debt ratings and its subordinated unsecured debt ratings were lowered by one notch. Although the Firm closely monitors and endeavors to manage, to the extent it is able, factors influencing its credit ratings, there is no assurance that its credit ratings will not be changed in the future. 164   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES USED BY THE FIRM JPMorgan Chase ’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting estimates require management’s judgment to ascertain the appropriate carrying value of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that estimation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well-controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. The methods used and judgments made reflect, among other factors, the nature of the assets or liabilities and the related business and risk management strategies, which may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the carrying value of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm’s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase ’s allowance for credit losses covers the retained consumer and wholesale loan portfolios, as well as the Firm’s wholesale and certain consumer lending-related commitments. The allowance for loan losses is intended to adjust the carrying value of the Firm’s loan assets to reflect probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Similarly, the allowance for lending-related commitments is established to cover probable credit losses inherent in the lending-related commitments portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component, a formula-based component, and a component related to PCI loans. The determination of each of these components involves significant judgment on a number of matters, as discussed below. For further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing the Firm’s allowance for credit losses, see Note 15. Asset-specific component The asset-specific allowance for loan losses for each of the Firm’s portfolio segments is generally measured as the difference between the recorded investment in the impaired loan and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate. Estimating the timing and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as redefault rates, loss severities, the amounts and timing of prepayments and other factors that are reflective of current and expected future market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as the level of future home prices, the duration of current overall economic conditions, and other macroeconomic and portfolio-specific factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.   Formula-based component — Consumer loans and lending-related commitments, excluding PCI loans The formula-based allowance for credit losses for the consumer portfolio, including credit card, is calculated by applying statistical credit loss factors to outstanding principal balances over an estimated loss emergence period to arrive at an estimate of incurred credit losses in the portfolio. The loss emergence period represents the time period between the date at which the loss is estimated to have been incurred and the ultimate realization of that loss (through a charge-off). Estimated loss emergence periods may vary by product and may change over time; management applies judgment in estimating loss emergence periods, using available credit information and trends. In addition, management applies judgment to the statistical loss estimates for each loan portfolio category, using delinquency trends and other risk characteristics to estimate the total incurred credit losses in the portfolio. Management uses additional statistical methods and considers portfolio and collateral valuation trends to review the appropriateness of the primary statistical loss estimate. The statistical calculation is then adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision, external factors and current economic events that have occurred but that are not yet reflected in the factors used to derive the statistical calculation; these adjustments are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. However, it is difficult to predict whether historical loss experience is indicative of future loss levels. Management applies judgment in making this adjustment, taking into account uncertainties associated with current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards, borrower behavior, the potential impact of payment recasts within the HELOC portfolio, and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. In certain instances, the interrelationships between these factors create further uncertainties. For example, the performance of a HELOC that experiences a payment recast may be affected by both the quality of underwriting standards applied in originating the loan and the general economic conditions in effect at the time of the payment recast. For junior lien products, management considers the delinquency and/or modification status of any senior liens in determining the adjustment. The application of different inputs into the statistical calculation, and the assumptions used by management to adjust the statistical calculation, are subject to management judgment, and emphasizing one input or assumption over another, or considering other inputs or assumptions, could affect the estimate of the allowance for loan losses for the consumer credit portfolio. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   165 Management’s discussion and analysis Overall, the allowance for credit losses for the consumer portfolio, including credit card, is sensitive to changes in the economic environment (e.g., unemployment rates), delinquency rates, the realizable value of collateral (e.g., housing prices), FICO scores, borrower behavior and other risk factors. While all of these factors are important determinants of overall allowance levels, changes in the various factors may not occur at the same time or at the same rate, or changes may be directionally inconsistent such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in the other. In addition, changes in these factors would not necessarily be consistent across all geographies or product types. Finally, it is difficult to predict the extent to which changes in these factors would ultimately affect the frequency of losses, the severity of losses or both. PCI loans In connection with the Washington Mutual transaction, JPMorgan Chase acquired certain PCI loans, which are accounted for as described in Note 14. The allowance for loan losses for the PCI portfolio is based on quarterly estimates of the amount of principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected over the estimated remaining lives of the loans. These cash flow projections are based on estimates regarding default rates (including redefault rates on modified loans), loss severities, the amounts and timing of prepayments and other factors that are reflective of current and expected future market conditions. These estimates are dependent on assumptions regarding the level of future home price declines, and the duration of current overall economic conditions, among other factors. These estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective. Formula-based component — Wholesale loans and lending-related commitments The Firm’s methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments involves the early identification of credits that are deteriorating. The formula-based component of the allowance calculation for wholesale loans and lending-related components is the product of an estimated PD and estimated LGD. These factors are determined based on the credit quality and specific attributes of the Firm’s loans and lending-related commitments to each obligor.  The Firm assesses the credit quality of its borrower or counterparty and assigns a risk rating. Risk ratings are assigned at origination or acquisition, and if necessary, adjusted for changes in credit quality over the life of the exposure. In assessing the risk rating of a particular loan or lending-related commitment, among the factors considered are the obligor’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates. These factors are based on an    evaluation of historical and current information and involve subjective assessment and interpretation. Determining risk ratings involves significant judgment; emphasizing one factor over another or considering additional factors could affect the risk rating assigned by the Firm. PD estimates are based on observable external through-the-cycle data, using credit rating agency default statistics. A LGD estimate is assigned to each loan or lending-related commitment. The estimate represents the amount of economic loss if the obligor were to default. The type of obligor, quality of collateral, and the seniority of the Firm’s lending exposure in the obligor’s capital structure affect LGD. LGD estimates are based on the Firm’s history of actual credit losses over more than one credit cycle. Changes to the time period used for PD and LGD estimates (for example, point-in-time loss versus longer views of the credit cycle) could also affect the allowance for credit losses. The Firm applies judgment in estimating PD and LGD used in calculating the allowances. Wherever possible, the Firm uses independent, verifiable data or the Firm’s own historical loss experience in its models for estimating the allowances, but differences in characteristics between the Firm’s specific loans or lending-related commitments and those reflected in external and Firm-specific historical data could affect loss estimates. Estimates of PD and LGD are subject to periodic refinement based on any changes to underlying external and Firm-specific historical data. The use of different inputs would change the amount of the allowance for credit losses determined appropriate by the Firm. Management also applies its judgment to adjust the modeled loss estimates, taking into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the loss factors. Historical experience of both LGD and PD are considered when estimating these adjustments. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries also are incorporated where relevant. These estimates are based on management’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio. Allowance for credit losses sensitivity As noted above, the Firm’s allowance for credit losses is sensitive to numerous factors, which may differ depending on the portfolio. Changes in economic conditions or in the Firm’s assumptions and estimates could affect its estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. The Firm uses its best judgment to assess these economic conditions and loss data in estimating the allowance for credit losses and these estimates are subject to periodic refinement based on any changes to underlying external and Firm-specific historical data. In many cases, the use of alternate estimates (for example, the effect of home prices and unemployment rates  166   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report on consumer delinquency, or the calibration between the Firm’s wholesale loan risk ratings and external credit ratings) or data sources (for example, external PD and LGD factors that incorporate industry-wide information, versus Firm-specific history) would result in a different estimated allowance for credit losses. To illustrate the potential magnitude of certain alternate judgments, the Firm estimates that changes in the following inputs would have the following effects on the Firm’s modeled loss estimates as of  December 31, 2015 , without consideration of any offsetting or correlated effects of other inputs in the Firm’s allowance for loan losses: • For PCI loans, a combined  5%  decline in housing prices and a  1%  increase in unemployment rates from current levels could imply an increase to modeled credit loss estimates of approximately  $700 million . • For the residential real estate portfolio, excluding PCI loans, a combined  5%  decline in housing prices and a  1%  increase in unemployment rates from current levels could imply an increase to modeled annual loss estimates of approximately  $125 million . • A  50  basis point deterioration in forecasted credit card loss rates could imply an increase to modeled annualized credit card loan loss estimates of approximately  $600 million . • An increase in PD factors consistent with a one-notch downgrade in the Firm’s internal risk ratings for its entire wholesale loan portfolio could imply an increase in the Firm’s modeled loss estimates of approximately  $2.1 billion . • A 100 basis point increase in estimated LGD for the Firm’s entire wholesale loan portfolio could imply an increase in the Firm’s modeled loss estimates of approximately  $175 million . The purpose of these sensitivity analyses is to provide an indication of the isolated impacts of hypothetical alternative assumptions on modeled loss estimates. The changes in the inputs presented above are not intended to imply management’s expectation of future deterioration of those risk factors. In addition, these analyses are not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for loan losses, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled loss estimates to reflect the uncertainty and imprecision of these modeled loss estimates based on then-current circumstances and conditions. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in specific factors might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because management considers a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Changes in these factors and inputs may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in other factors. In addition,    it is difficult to predict how changes in specific economic conditions or assumptions could affect borrower behavior or other factors considered by management in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Given the process the Firm follows and the judgments made in evaluating the risk factors related to its loss estimates, management believes that its current estimate of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate. Fair value of financial instruments, MSRs and commodities inventory JPMorgan Chase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The majority of such assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including certain mortgage, home equity and other loans, where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. Assets measured at fair value The following table includes the Firm’s assets measured at fair value and the portion of such assets that are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. For further information, see Note 3. December 31, 2015 (in billions, except ratio data) Total assets at fair value Total level 3 assets Trading debt and equity instruments $ 284.1   $ 11.9 Derivative receivables (a) 59.7   7.9 Trading assets 343.8   19.8 AFS securities 241.8   0.8 Loans 2.9   1.5 MSRs 6.6   6.6 Private equity investments (b) 1.9   1.7 Other 28.0   0.8 Total assets measured   at fair value on a recurring basis 625.0   31.2 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 1.7   1.0 Total assets measured   at fair value  $ 626.7   $ 32.2 Total Firm assets $ 2,351.7     Level 3 assets as a percentage of total Firm assets (a)     1.4 % Level 3 assets as a percentage of total Firm assets at fair value (a)     5.1 % Note: Effective April 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for certain investments where the Firm measures fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and has excluded these investments from the fair value hierarchy. For further information, see Note 3. (a) For purposes of table above, the derivative receivables total reflects the impact of netting adjustments; however, the  $7.9 billion  of derivative receivables classified as level 3 does not reflect the netting adjustment as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset. However, if the Firm were to net such balances within level 3, the reduction in the level 3 derivative receivables balance would be $546 million at December 31, 2015; this is exclusive of the netting benefit associated with cash collateral, which would further reduce the level 3 balances. (b) Private equity instruments represent investments within the Corporate line of business.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   167 Management’s discussion and analysis Valuation Details of the Firm’s processes for determining fair value are set out in Note 3. Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available to the Firm. For instruments valued using internally developed models that use significant unobservable inputs and are therefore classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, judgments used to estimate fair value are more significant than those required when estimating the fair value of instruments classified within levels 1 and 2. In arriving at an estimate of fair value for an instrument within level 3, management must first determine the appropriate model to use. Second, the lack of observability of certain significant inputs requires management to assess all relevant empirical data in deriving valuation inputs including, for example, transaction details, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment rates, default rates, volatilities, correlations, equity or debt prices, valuations of comparable instruments, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. For further discussion of the valuation of level 3 instruments, including unobservable inputs used, see  Note 3. For instruments classified in levels 2 and 3, management judgment must be applied to assess the appropriate level of valuation adjustments to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Firm’s credit-worthiness, market funding rates, liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and for portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The judgments made are typically affected by the type of product and its specific contractual terms, and the level of liquidity for the product or within the market as a whole. For further discussion of valuation adjustments applied by the Firm see Note 3. Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while the Firm believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of methodologies or assumptions different than those used by the Firm could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. For a detailed discussion of the Firm’s valuation process and hierarchy, and its determination of fair value for individual financial instruments, see Note 3.   Goodwill impairment Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. The Firm’s process and methodology used to conduct goodwill impairment testing is described in Note 17. Management applies significant judgment when estimating the fair value of its reporting units. Estimates of fair value are dependent upon estimates of (a) the future earnings potential of the Firm’s reporting units, including the estimated effects of regulatory and legislative changes, such as the Dodd-Frank Act, (b) long-term growth rates and (c) the relevant cost of equity. Imprecision in estimating these factors can affect the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Based upon the updated valuations for all of its reporting units, the Firm concluded that the goodwill allocated to its reporting units was not impaired at December 31, 2015. The fair values of these reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately 10% - 180% for all reporting units and did not indicate a significant risk of goodwill impairment based on current projections and valuations. The goodwill of  $101 million  remaining as of December 31, 2014 associated with the Private Equity business was disposed of as part of the Private Equity sale completed in January 2015. For further information on the Private Equity sale, see Note 2. The projections for all of the Firm’s reporting units are consistent with management’s short-term business outlook assumptions, and in the longer term, incorporate a set of macroeconomic assumptions and the Firm’s best estimates of long-term growth and returns on equity of its businesses. Where possible, the Firm uses third-party and peer data to benchmark its assumptions and estimates. Declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in equity capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, adverse estimates of regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of the Firm’s reporting units or their associated goodwill to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill. For additional information on goodwill, see Note 17. 168   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Income taxes JPMorgan Chase is subject to the income tax laws of the various jurisdictions in which it operates, including U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions. These laws are often complex and may be subject to different interpretations. To determine the financial statement impact of accounting for income taxes, including the provision for income tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits, JPMorgan Chase must make assumptions and judgments about how to interpret and apply these complex tax laws to numerous transactions and business events, as well as make judgments regarding the timing of when certain items may affect taxable income in the U.S. and non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. JPMorgan Chase’s interpretations of tax laws around the world are subject to review and examination by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where the Firm operates, and disputes may occur regarding its view on a tax position. These disputes over interpretations with the various taxing authorities may be settled by audit, administrative appeals or adjudication in the court systems of the tax jurisdictions in which the Firm operates. JPMorgan Chase regularly reviews whether it may be assessed additional income taxes as a result of the resolution of these matters, and the Firm records additional reserves as appropriate. In addition, the Firm may revise its estimate of income taxes due to changes in income tax laws, legal interpretations and tax planning strategies. It is possible that revisions in the Firm’s estimate of income taxes may materially affect the Firm’s results of operations in any reporting period. The Firm’s provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. The Firm has also recognized deferred tax assets in connection with certain net operating losses (“NOLs”) and tax credits. The Firm performs regular reviews to ascertain whether its deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management’s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income, which also incorporates various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to utilize NOLs before they expire. In connection with these reviews, if it is determined that a deferred tax asset is not realizable, a valuation allowance is established. The valuation allowance may be reversed in a subsequent reporting period if the Firm determines that, based on revised estimates of future taxable income or changes in tax planning strategies, it is more likely than not that all or part of the deferred tax asset will become realizable. As of  December 31, 2015 , management has determined it is more likely than not that the Firm will realize its deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance.   JPMorgan Chase does not record U.S. federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings have been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time. Changes to the income tax rates applicable to these non-U.S. subsidiaries may have a material impact on the effective tax rate in a future period if such changes were to occur. The Firm adjusts its unrecognized tax benefits as necessary when additional information becomes available. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. It is possible that the reassessment of JPMorgan Chase’s unrecognized tax benefits may have a material impact on its effective income tax rate in the period in which the reassessment occurs. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 26. Litigation reserves For a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing litigation reserves, see  Note 31. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   169 Management’s discussion and analysis ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING DEVELOPMENTS Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB ” ) Standards Adopted during 2015           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs    •  Requires that unamortized debt issuance costs be presented as a reduction of the applicable liability rather than as an asset.   •  Does not impact the amortization method for these costs.    •  Adopted October 1, 2015.  •  There was no material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets, and no impact on the Firm’s Consolidated results of operations.  •  For further information, see Note 1. (a) Disclosures for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent)    •  Removes the requirement to categorize investments measured under the net asset value (“NAV”) practical expedient from the fair value hierarchy.  •  Limits disclosures required for investments that are eligible to be measured using the NAV practical expedient to investments for which the entity has elected the practical expedient.    •  Adopted April 1, 2015.  •  The application of this guidance only affected the disclosures related to these investments and had no impact on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or results of operations.   •  For further information, see Note 3. (a) Repurchase agreements and similar transactions    •  Amends the accounting for certain secured financing transactions.  •  Requires enhanced disclosures with respect to transactions recognized as sales in which exposure to the derecognized assets is retained through a separate agreement with the counterparty.  •  Requires enhanced disclosures with respect to the types of financial assets pledged in secured financing transactions and the remaining contractual maturity of the secured financing transactions.    •  Accounting amendments adopted January 1, 2015.  •  Disclosure enhancements adopted April 1, 2015.  •  There was no material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  •  For further information, see Note 6 and Note 13. Reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity    •  Changes the criteria for determining whether a disposition qualifies for discontinued operations presentation.   •  Requires enhanced disclosures about discontinued operations and significant dispositions that do not qualify to be presented as discontinued operations.    •  Adopted January 1, 2015.  •  There was no material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments in qualified affordable housing projects    •  Applies to accounting for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit.   •  Replaces the effective yield method and allows companies to make an accounting policy election to amortize the initial cost of its investments in proportion to the tax credits and other benefits received if certain criteria are met, and to present the amortization as a component of income tax expense.    •  Adopted January 1, 2015.  •  For further information, see Note 1. (a) (a)  The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively and accordingly, certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 170   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report FASB Standards Issued but not yet Adopted           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Amendments to the consolidation analysis Issued February 2015    •  Eliminates the deferral issued by the FASB in February 2010 of certain VIE-related accounting requirements for certain investment funds, including mutual funds, private equity funds and hedge funds.   •  Amends the evaluation of fees paid to a decision maker or a service provider, and exempts certain money market funds from consolidation.    •  Required effective date January 1, 2016.  •  Will not have a material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Measuring the financial assets and financial liabilities of a consolidated collateralized financing entity Issued August 2014    •  Provides an alternative for consolidated financing VIEs to elect: (1) to measure their financial assets and liabilities separately under existing U.S. GAAP for fair value measurement with any differences in such fair values reflected in earnings; or (2) to measure both their financial assets and liabilities using the more observable of the fair value of the financial assets or the fair value of the financial liabilities.    •  Required effective date January 1, 2016.  •  Will not have a material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Revenue recognition – revenue from contracts with customers Issued May 2014    •  Requires that revenue from contracts with customers be recognized upon transfer of control of a good or service in the amount of consideration expected to be received. •   Changes the accounting for certain contract costs, including whether they may be offset against revenue in the statements of income, and requires additional disclosures about revenue and contract costs. • May be adopted using a full retrospective approach or a modified, cumulative effect-type approach wherein the guidance is applied only to existing contracts as of the date of initial application, and to new contracts transacted after that date.    •  Required effective date January 1, 2018. (a)  •  Because the guidance does not apply to revenue associated with financial instruments, including loans and securities that are accounted for under other U.S. GAAP, the Firm does not expect the new revenue recognition guidance to have a material impact on the elements of its statements of income most closely associated with financial instruments, including Securities Gains, Interest Income and Interest Expense.   •  The Firm plans to adopt the revenue recognition guidance in the first quarter of 2018 and is currently evaluating the potential impact on the Consolidated Financial statements and its selection of transition method. Recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities Issued January 2016    •  Requires that certain equity instruments be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.   •  For financial liabilities where the fair value option has been elected, the portion of the total change in fair value caused by changes in Firm’s own credit risk is required to be presented separately in Other comprehensive income (“OCI”).   •  Generally requires a cumulative-effective adjustment to its retained earnings as of the beginning of the reporting period of adoption.    •  Required effective date January 1, 2018. (b)  •  Adoption of the DVA guidance as of January 1, 2016, would result in a reclassification from retained earnings to AOCI, reflecting the cumulative change in value to change in the Firm’s credit spread subsequent to the issuance of each liability. The amount of this reclassification would be immaterial as of January 1, 2016.  •  The Firm is evaluating the potential impact of the remaining guidance on the Consolidated Financial Statements. (a) Early adoption is permitted.  (b) Early adoption is permitted for the requirement to report changes in fair value due to the Firm’s own credit risk in OCI, and the Firm is planning to early adopt this guidance during 2016. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   171 Management’s discussion and analysis NONEXCHANGE-TRADED COMMODITY DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS AT FAIR VALUE In the normal course of business, JPMorgan Chase trades nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts. To determine the fair value of these contracts, the Firm uses various fair value estimation techniques, primarily based on internal models with significant observable market parameters. The Firm’s nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts are primarily energy-related. The following table summarizes the changes in fair value for nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts for the year ended  December 31, 2015 . Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Asset position   Liability position Net fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2015 $ 9,826   $ 13,926 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements 14,327   13,211 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at January 1, 2015 24,153   27,137 Contracts realized or otherwise settled (13,419 )   (12,583 ) Fair value of new contracts 3,704   5,027 Changes in fair values attributable to changes in valuation techniques and assumptions —   — Other changes in fair value 1,428   (1,300 ) Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2015 15,866   18,281 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements (6,772 )   (6,256 ) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2015 $ 9,094   $ 12,025   The following table indicates the maturities of nonexchange-traded commodity derivative contracts at  December 31, 2015 . December 31, 2015 (in millions) Asset position   Liability position Maturity less than 1 year $ 8,487   $ 9,242 Maturity 1–3 years 5,636   6,148 Maturity 4–5 years 1,122   1,931 Maturity in excess of 5 years 621   960 Gross fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2015 15,866   18,281 Effect of legally enforceable master netting agreements (6,772 )   (6,256 ) Net fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2015 $ 9,094   $ 12,025 172   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “believe,” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase’s current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase’s disclosures in this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Firm also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Firm’s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Firm’s control. JPMorgan Chase’s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements: • Local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events; • Changes in laws and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements; • Changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; • Securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; • Changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; • Ability of the Firm to manage effectively its capital and liquidity, including approval of its capital plans by banking regulators; • Changes in credit ratings assigned to the Firm or its subsidiaries; • Damage to the Firm’s reputation; • Ability of the Firm to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruption; • Technology changes instituted by the Firm, its counterparties or competitors; • The success of the Firm’s business simplification initiatives and the effectiveness of its control agenda; • Ability of the Firm to develop new products and services, and the extent to which products or services previously sold by the Firm (including but not limited to mortgages and asset-backed securities) require the Firm to incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination;   • Ability of the Firm to address enhanced regulatory requirements affecting its businesses; • Acceptance of the Firm’s new and existing products and services by the marketplace and the ability of the Firm to innovate and to increase market share; • Ability of the Firm to attract and retain qualified employees; • Ability of the Firm to control expense; • Competitive pressures; • Changes in the credit quality of the Firm’s customers and counterparties; • Adequacy of the Firm’s risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; • Adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; • Changes in applicable accounting policies; • Ability of the Firm to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; • Occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities or conflicts and the Firm’s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing; • Ability of the Firm to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operating systems and facilities; and • Ability of the Firm to effectively defend itself against cyberattacks and other attempts by unauthorized parties to access information of the Firm or its customers or to disrupt the Firm’s systems; and • The other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Firm speak only as of the date they are made, and JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made. The reader should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature the Firm may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or Current Reports on Form 8-K. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   173 Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“ JPMorgan Chase ” or the “Firm”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Firm’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by  JPMorgan Chase ’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. JPMorgan Chase ’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Firm’s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with authorizations of  JPMorgan Chase ’s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2015 . In making the assessment, management used the “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”) promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”).   Based upon the assessment performed, management concluded that as of  December 31, 2015 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO 2013 framework. Additionally, based upon management’s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2015 . The effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2015 , has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marianne Lake Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2016   174   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Report of independent registered public accounting firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (the “Firm”)   at  December 31, 2015  and 2014 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2015   in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Firm maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2015  based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Firm’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting”. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a    material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. February 23, 2016 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   Ÿ   300 Madison Avenue   Ÿ   New York, NY 10017 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   175 Consolidated statements of income Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data)   2015   2014   2013 Revenue             Investment banking fees   $ 6,751   $ 6,542   $ 6,354 Principal transactions   10,408   10,531   10,141 Lending- and deposit-related fees   5,694   5,801   5,945 Asset management, administration and commissions   15,509   15,931   15,106 Securities gains (a)   202   77   667 Mortgage fees and related income   2,513   3,563   5,205 Card income   5,924   6,020   6,022 Other income   3,032   3,013   4,608 Noninterest revenue   50,033   51,478   54,048 Interest income   50,973   51,531   52,669 Interest expense   7,463   7,897   9,350 Net interest income   43,510   43,634   43,319 Total net revenue   93,543   95,112   97,367               Provision for credit losses   3,827   3,139   225               Noninterest expense             Compensation expense   29,750   30,160   30,810 Occupancy expense   3,768   3,909   3,693 Technology, communications and equipment expense   6,193   5,804   5,425 Professional and outside services   7,002   7,705   7,641 Marketing   2,708   2,550   2,500 Other expense   9,593   11,146   20,398 Total noninterest expense   59,014   61,274   70,467 Income before income tax expense   30,702   30,699   26,675 Income tax expense   6,260   8,954   8,789 Net income   $ 24,442   $ 21,745   $ 17,886 Net income applicable to common stockholders   $ 22,406   $ 20,077   $ 16,557 Net income per common share data             Basic earnings per share   $ 6.05   $ 5.33   $ 4.38 Diluted earnings per share   6.00   5.29   4.34               Weighted-average basic shares   3,700.4   3,763.5   3,782.4 Weighted-average diluted shares   3,732.8   3,797.5   3,814.9 Cash dividends declared per common share   $ 1.72   $ 1.58   $ 1.44 (a) The Firm recognized other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”) losses of  $22 million ,  $4 million , and  $21 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 176   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Consolidated statements of comprehensive income Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Net income   $ 24,442   $ 21,745   $ 17,886 Other comprehensive income/(loss), after–tax             Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities   (2,144 )   1,975   (4,070 ) Translation adjustments, net of hedges   (15 )   (11 )   (41 ) Cash flow hedges   51   44   (259 ) Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans   111   (1,018 )   1,467 Total other comprehensive income/(loss), after–tax   (1,997 )   990   (2,903 ) Comprehensive income   $ 22,445   $ 22,735   $ 14,983 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   177 Consolidated balance sheets December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2015   2014 Assets       Cash and due from banks $ 20,490   $ 27,831 Deposits with banks 340,015   484,477 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (included  $23,141  and $28,585 at fair value) 212,575   215,803 Securities borrowed (included  $395  and $992 at fair value) 98,721   110,435 Trading assets (included assets pledged of  $115,284  and $125,034) 343,839   398,988 Securities (included  $241,754  and $298,752 at fair value and assets pledged of  $14,883  and $24,912) 290,827   348,004 Loans (included  $2,861  and $2,611 at fair value) 837,299   757,336 Allowance for loan losses (13,555 )   (14,185 ) Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 823,744   743,151 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 46,605   70,079 Premises and equipment 14,362   15,133 Goodwill 47,325   47,647 Mortgage servicing rights 6,608   7,436 Other intangible assets 1,015   1,192 Other assets (included  $7,604  and $11,909 at fair value and assets pledged of  $1,286  and $1,399) 105,572   102,098 Total assets (a) $ 2,351,698   $ 2,572,274 Liabilities       Deposits (included  $12,516  and $8,807 at fair value) $ 1,279,715   $ 1,363,427 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (included  $3,526  and $2,979   at fair value) 152,678   192,101 Commercial paper 15,562   66,344 Other borrowed funds (included  $9,911  and $14,739 at fair value) 21,105   30,222 Trading liabilities 126,897   152,815 Accounts payable and other liabilities (included  $4,401  and $4,155 at fair value) 177,638   206,939 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities (included  $787  and $2,162 at fair value) 41,879   52,320 Long-term debt (included  $33,065  and $30,226   at fair value) 288,651   276,379 Total liabilities (a) 2,104,125   2,340,547 Commitments and contingencies (see Notes 29, 30 and 31)   Stockholders’ equity       Preferred stock ($1 par value; authorized   200,000,000 shares: issued  2,606,750  and 2,006,250 shares) 26,068   20,063 Common stock ($1 par value; authorized 9,000,000,000 shares; issued  4,104,933,895  shares) 4,105   4,105 Additional paid-in capital 92,500   93,270 Retained earnings 146,420   129,977 Accumulated other comprehensive income 192   2,189 Shares held in restricted stock units (“RSU”) trust, at cost ( 472,953  shares) (21 )   (21 ) Treasury stock, at cost ( 441,459,392  and 390,144,630 shares) (21,691 )   (17,856 ) Total stockholders’ equity 247,573   231,727 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,351,698   $ 2,572,274 (a) The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs that are consolidated by the Firm at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The difference between total VIE assets and liabilities represents the Firm’s interests in those entities, which were eliminated in consolidation. December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014 Assets       Trading assets $ 3,736   $ 9,090 Loans 75,104   68,880 All other assets 2,765   1,815 Total assets $ 81,605   $ 79,785 Liabilities       Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities $ 41,879   $ 52,320 All other liabilities 809   949 Total liabilities $ 42,688   $ 53,269 The assets of the consolidated VIEs are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The holders of the beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorgan Chase. At both  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm provided limited program-wide credit enhancement of  $2.0 billion , related to its Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, which are eliminated in consolidation. For further discussion, see Note 16. The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 178   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data)   2015   2014   2013 Preferred stock             Balance at January 1   $ 20,063   $ 11,158   $ 9,058 Issuance of preferred stock   6,005   8,905   3,900 Redemption of preferred stock   —   —   (1,800 ) Balance at December 31   26,068   20,063   11,158 Common stock             Balance at January 1 and December 31   4,105   4,105   4,105 Additional paid-in capital             Balance at January 1   93,270   93,828   94,604 Shares issued and commitments to issue common stock for employee stock-based compensation awards, and related tax effects   (436 )   (508 )   (752 ) Other   (334 )   (50 )   (24 ) Balance at December 31   92,500   93,270   93,828 Retained earnings             Balance at January 1   129,977   115,435   104,223 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   —   (284 ) Balance at beginning of year, adjusted   129,977 115,435 103,939 Net income   24,442   21,745   17,886 Dividends declared:             Preferred stock   (1,515 )   (1,125 )   (805 ) Common stock ( $1.72 , $1.58 and $1.44 per share for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively)   (6,484 )   (6,078 )   (5,585 ) Balance at December 31   146,420   129,977   115,435 Accumulated other comprehensive income             Balance at January 1   2,189   1,199   4,102 Other comprehensive income/(loss)   (1,997 )   990   (2,903 ) Balance at December 31   192   2,189   1,199 Shares held in RSU Trust, at cost             Balance at January 1 and December 31   (21 )   (21 )   (21 ) Treasury stock, at cost             Balance at January 1   (17,856 )   (14,847 )   (12,002 ) Purchase of treasury stock   (5,616 )   (4,760 )   (4,789 ) Reissuance from treasury stock   1,781   1,751   1,944 Balance at December 31   (21,691 )   (17,856 )   (14,847 ) Total stockholders ’  equity   $ 247,573   $ 231,727   $ 210,857 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   179 Consolidated statements of cash flows Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Operating activities           Net income $ 24,442   $ 21,745   $ 17,886 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities:           Provision for credit losses 3,827   3,139   225 Depreciation and amortization 4,940   4,759   5,306 Deferred tax expense 1,333   4,362   8,139 Other 1,785   2,113   1,552 Originations and purchases of loans held-for-sale (48,109 )   (67,525 )   (75,928 ) Proceeds from sales, securitizations and paydowns of loans held-for-sale 49,363   71,407   73,566 Net change in:           Trading assets 62,212   (24,814 )   89,110 Securities borrowed 12,165   1,020   7,562 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 22,664   (3,637 )   (2,340 ) Other assets (3,701 )   (9,166 )   526 Trading liabilities (28,972 )   26,818   (9,772 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities (23,361 )   6,058   (5,750 ) Other operating adjustments (5,122 )   314   (2,129 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 73,466   36,593   107,953 Investing activities           Net change in:           Deposits with banks 144,462   (168,426 )   (194,363 ) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 3,190   30,848   47,726 Held-to-maturity securities:           Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 6,099   4,169   189 Purchases (6,204 )   (10,345 )   (24,214 ) Available-for-sale securities:           Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 76,448   90,664   89,631 Proceeds from sales 40,444   38,411   73,312 Purchases (70,804 )   (121,504 )   (130,266 ) Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans held-for-investment 18,604   20,115   12,033 Other changes in loans, net (108,962 )   (51,749 )   (23,721 ) All other investing activities, net 3,703   2,181   (828 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 106,980   (165,636 )   (150,501 ) Financing activities           Net change in:           Deposits (88,678 )   89,346   81,476 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (39,415 )   10,905   (58,867 ) Commercial paper and other borrowed funds (57,828 )   9,242   2,784 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities (5,632 )   (834 )   (10,433 ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings 79,611   78,515   83,546 Payments of long-term borrowings (67,247 )   (65,275 )   (60,497 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 5,893   8,847   3,873 Redemption of preferred stock —   —   (1,800 ) Treasury stock and warrants repurchased (5,616 )   (4,760 )   (4,789 ) Dividends paid (7,873 )   (6,990 )   (6,056 ) All other financing activities, net (726 )   (768 )   (913 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities (187,511 )   118,228   28,324 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks (276 )   (1,125 )   272 Net decrease in cash and due from banks (7,341 )   (11,940 )   (13,952 ) Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the period 27,831   39,771   53,723 Cash and due from banks at the end of the period $ 20,490   $ 27,831   $ 39,771 Cash interest paid $ 7,220   $ 8,194   $ 9,573 Cash income taxes paid, net 9,423   1,392   3,502 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 180   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 1 – Basis of presentation JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“ JPMorgan Chase ” or the “Firm”), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. For a discussion of the Firm’s business segments, see Note 33. The accounting and financial reporting policies of   JPMorgan Chase   and its subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”). Additionally, where applicable, the policies conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by regulatory authorities.     Certain amounts reported in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.     Consolidation   The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of  JPMorgan Chase  and other entities in which  the Firm  has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Assets held for clients in an agency or fiduciary capacity by  the Firm  are not assets of  JPMorgan Chase  and are not included on the Consolidated balance sheets. The Firm  determines whether it has a controlling financial interest in an entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity (“VIE”). Voting Interest Entities Voting interest entities are entities that have sufficient equity and provide the equity investors voting rights that enable them to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations. For these types of entities,  the Firm’s  determination of whether it has a controlling interest is primarily based on the amount of voting equity interests held. Entities in which  the Firm  has a controlling financial interest, through ownership of the majority of the entities’ voting equity interests, or through other contractual rights that give  the Firm  control, are consolidated by  the Firm. Investments in companies in which  the Firm  has significant influence over operating and financing decisions (but does not own a majority of the voting equity interests) are accounted for (i) in accordance with the equity method of accounting (which requires  the Firm  to recognize its proportionate share of the entity’s net earnings), or (ii) at fair value if the fair value option was elected. These investments are generally included in other assets, with income or loss included in other income. Certain  Firm -sponsored asset management funds are structured as limited partnerships or limited liability companies.  For many of these entities, the Firm is the general partner or managing member, but the non-affiliated    partners or members have the ability to remove the Firm as the general partner or managing member without cause (i.e., kick-out rights), based on a simple majority vote, or the non-affiliated partners or members have rights to participate in important decisions. Accordingly, the Firm does not consolidate these funds. In the limited cases where the nonaffiliated partners or members do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights, the Firm consolidates the funds. The Firm’s  investment companies have investments in both publicly-held and privately-held entities , including investments in buyouts, growth equity and venture opportunities.  These investments are accounted for under investment company guidelines and accordingly, irrespective of the percentage of equity ownership interests held, are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value, and are recorded in other assets. Variable Interest Entities   VIEs are entities that, by design, either (1) lack sufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (2) have equity investors that do not have the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights, or do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. The most common type of VIE is a special purpose entity (“SPE”). SPEs are commonly used in securitization transactions in order to isolate certain assets and distribute the cash flows from those assets to investors. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE; the SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing securities to investors. The legal documents that govern the transaction specify how the cash earned on the assets must be allocated to the SPE’s investors and other parties that have rights to those cash flows. SPEs are generally structured to insulate investors from claims on the SPE’s assets by creditors of other entities, including the creditors of the seller of the assets. The primary beneficiary of a VIE (i.e., the party that has a controlling financial interest) is required to consolidate the assets and liabilities of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is the party that has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance; and (2) through its interests in the VIE, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. To assess whether  the Firm  has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance,  the Firm  considers all the facts and circumstances, including its role in establishing the VIE and its ongoing rights and responsibilities. This assessment includes, first, identifying the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance; and second, identifying which party, if any, has power over those  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   181 Notes to consolidated financial statements activities. In general, the parties that make the most significant decisions affecting the VIE (such as asset managers, collateral managers, servicers, or owners of call options or liquidation rights over the VIE’s assets) or have the right to unilaterally remove those decision-makers are deemed to have the power to direct the activities of a VIE. To assess whether  the Firm  has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE,  the Firm  considers all of its economic interests, including debt and equity investments, servicing fees, and derivatives or other arrangements deemed to be variable interests in the VIE. This assessment requires that  the Firm  apply judgment in determining whether these interests, in the aggregate, are considered potentially significant to the VIE. Factors considered in assessing significance include: the design of the VIE, including its capitalization structure; subordination of interests; payment priority; relative share of interests held across various classes within the VIE’s capital structure; and the reasons why the interests are held by  the Firm. The Firm  performs on-going reassessments of: (1) whether entities previously evaluated under the majority voting-interest framework have become VIEs, based on certain events, and therefore subject to the VIE consolidation framework; and (2) whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding  the Firm’s  involvement with a VIE cause  the Firm’s  consolidation conclusion to change. In February 2010, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an amendment which deferred the requirements of the accounting guidance for VIEs for certain investment funds, including mutual funds, private equity funds and hedge funds. For the funds to which the deferral applies,  the Firm  continues to apply other existing authoritative accounting guidance to determine whether such funds should be consolidated.     Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expense, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates.       Foreign currency translation JPMorgan Chase  revalues assets, liabilities, revenue and expense denominated in non-U.S. currencies into U.S. dollars using applicable exchange rates. Gains and losses relating to translating functional currency financial statements for U.S. reporting are included in other comprehensive income/(loss) (“OCI”) within  stockholders’  equity. Gains and losses relating to nonfunctional currency transactions, including non-U.S. operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar, are reported in the Consolidated statements of income.     Offsetting assets and liabilities U.S. GAAP permits entities to present derivative receivables and derivative payables with the same counterparty and the related cash collateral receivables and payables on a net basis on the Consolidated balance sheets when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. U.S. GAAP also permits securities sold and purchased under repurchase agreements to be presented net when specified conditions are met, including the existence of a legally enforceable master netting agreement.  The Firm  has elected to net such balances when the specified conditions are met. The Firm  uses master netting agreements   to mitigate counterparty credit risk in certain transactions, including derivatives transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed and loaned agreements. A master netting agreement is a single contract with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that contract to be terminated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due after expiration of any grace period). Upon the exercise of termination rights by the non-defaulting party (i) all transactions are terminated, (ii) all transactions are valued and the positive value or “in the money” transactions are netted against the negative value or “out of the money” transactions and (iii) the only remaining payment obligation is of one of the parties to pay the netted termination amount. Upon exercise of repurchase agreement and securities loan default rights in general (i) all transactions are terminated and accelerated, (ii) all values of securities or cash held or to be delivered are calculated, and all such sums are netted against each other and (iii) the only remaining payment obligation is of one of the parties to pay the netted termination amount. 182   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Typical master netting agreements for these types of transactions also often contain a collateral/margin agreement that provides for a security interest in, or title transfer of, securities or cash collateral/margin to the party that has the right to demand margin (the “demanding party”). The collateral/margin agreement typically requires a party to transfer collateral/margin to the demanding party with a value equal to the amount of the margin deficit on a net basis across all transactions governed by the master netting agreement, less any threshold. The collateral/margin agreement grants to the demanding party, upon default by the counterparty, the right to set-off any amounts payable by the counterparty against any posted collateral or the cash equivalent of any posted collateral/margin. It also grants to the demanding party the right to liquidate collateral/margin and to apply the proceeds to an amount payable by the counterparty.     For further discussion of  the Firm’s  derivative instruments, see Note  6.  For further discussion of  the Firm’s  repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending agreements, see Note  13. Simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs Effective October 1, 2015, the Firm early adopted new accounting guidance that simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs, by requiring that unamortized debt issuance costs be presented as a reduction of the applicable liability rather than as an asset. The adoption of this guidance had no material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets, and no impact on the Firm’s consolidated results of operations. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively, and accordingly, certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Investments in qualified affordable housing projects Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit, which impacted the Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”). As a result of the adoption of this new guidance, the Firm made an accounting policy election to amortize the initial cost of its qualifying investments in proportion to the tax credits and other benefits received, and to present the amortization as a component of income tax expense; previously such amounts were predominantly presented in other income. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively, and accordingly, certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. The cumulative effect on retained earnings was a reduction of  $284 million  as of January 1, 2013. The adoption of this accounting guidance resulted in an increase of  $907 million  and  $924 million  in other income and income tax expense, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014 and  $761 million  and  $798 million , respectively, for the year ended December 2013, which led to an increase of approximately  2%  in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The impact on net income and earnings per    share in the periods affected was not material. For further information, see Note 26. Statements of cash flows For  JPMorgan Chase’s  Consolidated statements of cash flows, cash is defined as those amounts included in cash and due from banks.     Significant accounting policies The following table identifies  JPMorgan Chase’s  other significant accounting policies and the Note and page where a detailed description of each policy can be found. Fair value measurement Note 3   Page 184 Fair value option Note 4   Page 203 Derivative instruments Note 6   Page 208 Noninterest revenue Note 7   Page 221 Interest income and interest expense Note 8   Page 223 Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans Note 9   Page 223 Employee stock-based incentives Note 10   Page 231 Securities Note 12   Page 233 Securities financing activities Note 13   Page 238 Loans Note 14   Page 242 Allowance for credit losses Note 15   Page 262 Variable interest entities Note 16   Page 266 Goodwill and other intangible assets Note 17   Page 274 Premises and equipment Note 18   Page 278 Long-term debt Note 21   Page 279 Income taxes Note 26   Page 285 Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments Note 29   Page 290 Litigation Note 31   Page 297 Note 2 – Business changes and developments  Private Equity sale As part of the Firm’s business simplification agenda, the sale of a portion of the Private Equity Business (“Private Equity sale”) was completed on January 9, 2015. Concurrent with the sale, a new independent management company was formed by the former One Equity Partners investment professionals. The new management company provides investment management services to the acquirer of the investments sold in the Private Equity sale and to the Firm for the portion of the private equity investments that were retained by the Firm. The sale of the investments did not have a material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or its results of operations. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   183 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 3 – Fair value measurement JPMorgan Chase  carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. These assets and liabilities are predominantly carried at fair value on a recurring basis (i.e., assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets). Certain assets (e.g., certain mortgage, home equity and other loans where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral), liabilities and unfunded lending-related commitments are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment).     Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based on quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on models that consider relevant transaction characteristics (such as maturity) and use as inputs observable or unobservable market parameters, including but not limited to yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value, as described below.   The level of precision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while  the Firm  believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across  the Firm’s  businesses and portfolios.   The Firm  uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of different methodologies or assumptions by other market participants compared with those used by  the Firm  could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.   Valuation process Risk-taking functions are responsible for providing fair value estimates for assets and liabilities carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value.  The Firm’s  valuation control function, which is part of  the Firm’s  Finance function and independent of the risk-taking functions, is responsible for verifying these estimates and determining any fair value adjustments that may be required to ensure that  the Firm’s  positions are recorded at fair value. In addition,  the  firmwide Valuation Governance Forum (“VGF”) is composed of senior finance and risk executives and is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across  the Firm.  The VGF is chaired by the Firmwide head of the valuation control function (under the direction of  the Firm’s  Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)), and    includes sub-forums covering the  Corporate & Investment Bank, Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”), Commercial Banking, Asset Management  and certain corporate functions including Treasury and Chief Investment Office (“CIO”). The valuation control function verifies fair value estimates provided by the risk-taking functions by leveraging independently derived prices, valuation inputs and other market data, where available. Where independent prices or inputs are not available, additional review is performed by the valuation control function to ensure the reasonableness of the estimates. The review may include evaluating the limited market activity including client unwinds, benchmarking of valuation inputs to those for similar instruments, decomposing the valuation of structured instruments into individual components, comparing expected to actual cash flows, reviewing profit and loss trends, and reviewing trends in collateral valuation. There are also additional levels of management review for more significant or complex positions. The valuation control function determines any valuation adjustments that may be required to the estimates provided by the risk-taking functions. No adjustments are applied to the quoted market price for instruments classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (see below for further information on the fair value hierarchy). For other positions, judgment is required to assess the need for valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and, for certain portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The determination of such adjustments follows a consistent framework across  the Firm: • Liquidity valuation adjustments are considered where an observable external price or valuation parameter exists but is of lower reliability, potentially due to lower market activity. Liquidity valuation adjustments are applied and determined based on current market conditions. Factors that may be considered in determining the liquidity adjustment include analysis of: (1) the estimated bid-offer spread for the instrument being traded; (2) alternative pricing points for similar instruments in active markets; and (3) the range of reasonable values that the price or parameter could take.   • The Firm  manages certain portfolios of financial instruments on the basis of net open risk exposure and, as permitted by U.S. GAAP, has elected to estimate the fair value of such portfolios on the basis of a transfer of the entire net open risk position in an orderly transaction. Where this is the case, valuation adjustments may be necessary to reflect the cost of exiting a larger-than-normal market-size net open risk position. Where applied, such adjustments are based on factors that a relevant market participant would consider in the transfer of the net open risk position, including the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the period required to reduce the net open risk position to a normal market-size. 184   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report • Unobservable parameter valuation adjustments may be made when positions are valued using prices or input parameters to valuation models that are unobservable due to a lack of market activity or because they cannot be implied from observable market data. Such prices or parameters must be estimated and are, therefore, subject to management judgment. Unobservable parameter valuation adjustments are applied to reflect the uncertainty inherent in the resulting valuation estimate.   Where appropriate,  the Firm  also applies adjustments to its estimates of fair value in order to appropriately reflect counterparty credit quality,  the Firm’s  own creditworthiness and the impact of funding, utilizing a consistent framework across  the Firm. For more information on such adjustments see Credit and funding adjustments on  page 200  of this Note. Valuation model review and approval   If prices or quotes are not available for an instrument or a similar instrument, fair value is generally determined using valuation models that consider relevant transaction data such as maturity and use as inputs market-based or independently sourced parameters. Where this is the case the price verification process described above is applied to the inputs to those models.   The Model Risk function is independent of the model owners. It reviews and approves a wide range of models, including risk management, valuation and regulatory capital models used by  the Firm.  The Model Risk review and governance functions are part of  the Firm’s  Model Risk unit, and  the Firmwide  Model Risk Executive reports to  the Firm’s  Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”).   When reviewing a model, the Model Risk function analyzes and challenges the model methodology, and the reasonableness of model assumptions and may perform or require additional testing, including back-testing of model outcomes.   New valuation models, as well as material changes to existing valuation models, are reviewed and approved prior to implementation except where specified conditions are met, including the approval of an exception granted by the head of the Model Risk function. The Model Risk function performs an annual  status assessment that considers developments in the product or market to determine whether valuation models which have already been reviewed need to be, on a full or partial basis, reviewed and approved again.   Valuation hierarchy   A three-level valuation hierarchy has been established under U.S. GAAP for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows.   • Level 1 – inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   • Level 2 – inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. • Level 3 – one or more inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.   A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   185 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table describes the valuation methodologies generally used by  the Firm  to measure its significant products/instruments at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.     Product/instrument  Valuation methodology Classifications in the valuation hierarchy   Securities financing agreements Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Level 2   •  Derivative features: for further information refer to the discussion of derivatives below.   •  Market rates for the respective maturity   •  Collateral   Loans and lending-related commitments — wholesale     Trading portfolio Where observable market data is available, valuations are based on: Level 2 or 3     •  Observed market prices (circumstances are infrequent)       •  Relevant broker quotes       •  Observed market prices for similar instruments       Where observable market data is unavailable or limited, valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider the following:       •  Credit spreads derived from the cost of credit default swaps (“CDS”); or benchmark credit curves developed by the Firm, by industry and credit rating       •  Prepayment speed     Loans held for investment and associated lending-related commitments Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 3   •  Credit spreads, derived from the cost of CDS; or benchmark credit curves developed by the Firm, by industry and credit rating         •  Prepayment speed       Lending-related commitments are valued similar to loans and reflect the portion of an unused commitment expected, based on the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become funded prior to an obligor default                   For information regarding the valuation of loans measured at collateral value, see Note 14.           Loans — consumer       Held for investment consumer loans, excluding credit card Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 3    •  Expected lifetime credit losses -considering expected and current default rates, and loss severity         •   Prepayment speed       •   Discount rates       •   Servicing costs       For information regarding the valuation of loans measured at collateral value, see Note 14.           Held for investment credit card receivables Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Level 3    •  Credit costs — allowance for loan losses is considered a reasonable proxy for the credit cost          •  Projected interest income, late-fee revenue and loan repayment rates     •  Discount rates       •  Servicing costs     Trading loans — conforming residential mortgage loans expected to be sold Fair value is based upon observable prices for mortgage-backed securities with similar collateral and incorporates adjustments to these prices to account for differences between the securities and the value of the underlying loans, which include credit characteristics, portfolio composition, and liquidity. Predominantly level 2             186   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Product/instrument Valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions Classifications in the valuation hierarchy Investment and trading securities Quoted market prices are used where available. Level 1   In the absence of quoted market prices, securities are valued based on: Level 2 or 3   •  Observable market prices for similar securities     •   Relevant broker quotes     •   Discounted cash flows     In addition, the following inputs to discounted cash flows are used for the following products:     Mortgage- and asset-backed securities specific inputs:     •   Collateral characteristics     •  Deal-specific payment and loss allocations     •  Current market assumptions related to yield, prepayment speed, conditional default rates and loss severity     Collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”), specific inputs:     •   Collateral characteristics     •   Deal-specific payment and loss allocations     •   Expected prepayment speed, conditional default rates, loss severity     •   Credit spreads     •  Credit rating data   Physical commodities Valued using observable market prices or data Predominantly Level 1 and 2 Derivatives Exchange-traded derivatives that are actively traded and valued using the exchange price. Level 1   Derivatives that are valued using models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, simulation models, or a combination of models, that use observable or unobservable valuation inputs (e.g., plain vanilla options and interest rate and credit default swaps). Inputs include: Level 2 or 3         •   Contractual terms including the period to maturity     •   Readily observable parameters including interest rates and volatility     •   Credit quality of the counterparty and of the Firm     •   Market funding levels     •   Correlation levels     In addition, the following specific inputs are used for the following derivatives that are valued based on models with significant unobservable inputs:     Structured credit derivatives specific inputs include:     •   CDS spreads and recovery rates     •   Credit correlation between the underlying debt instruments (levels are modeled on a transaction basis and calibrated to liquid benchmark tranche indices)             •   Actual transactions, where available, are used to regularly recalibrate unobservable parameters         Certain long-dated equity option specific inputs include:     •   Long-dated equity volatilities     Certain interest rate and foreign exchange (“FX ” ) exotic options specific inputs include:     •   Interest rate correlation     •   Interest rate spread volatility     •   Foreign exchange correlation     •   Correlation between interest rates and foreign exchange rates     •   Parameters describing the evolution of underlying interest rates     Certain commodity derivatives specific inputs include:     •   Commodity volatility     •  Forward commodity price     Additionally, adjustments are made to reflect counterparty credit quality (credit valuation adjustments or “CVA”), the Firm’s own creditworthiness (debit valuation adjustments or “DVA”), and funding valuation adjustment (“FVA”) to incorporate the impact of funding. See page 200 of this Note.               JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   187 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Product/instrument Valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions Classification in the valuation hierarchy   Mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) See Mortgage servicing rights in Note 17. Level 3       Private equity direct investments Private equity direct investments Level 2 or 3     Fair value is estimated using all available information and considering the range of potential inputs, including:     •  Transaction prices       •  Trading multiples of comparable public companies       •  Operating performance of the underlying portfolio company       •  Additional available inputs relevant to the investment       •  Adjustments as required, since comparable public companies are not identical to the company being valued, and for company-specific issues and lack of liquidity       Public investments held in the Private Equity portfolio Level 1 or 2     •  Valued using observable market prices less adjustments for relevant restrictions, where applicable           Fund investments (i.e., mutual/collective investment funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, and real estate funds) Net asset value (“NAV”)     •  NAV is validated by sufficient level of observable activity (i.e., purchases and sales) Level 1       •  Adjustments to the NAV as required, for restrictions on redemption (e.g., lock up periods or withdrawal limitations) or where observable activity is limited Level 2 or 3 (a)         Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Valued using observable market information, where available Level 2 or 3   In the absence of observable market information, valuations are based on the fair value of the underlying assets held by the VIE     Long-term debt, not carried at fair value Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 2    •   Market rates for respective maturity     •  The Firm’s own creditworthiness (DVA). See page 200 of      this Note.   Structured notes (included in deposits, other borrowed funds and long-term debt) •  Valuations are based on discounted cash flow analyses that consider the embedded derivative and the terms and payment structure of the note. •  The embedded derivative features are considered using models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, simulation models, or a combination of models that use observable or unobservable valuation inputs, depending on the embedded derivative. The specific inputs used vary according to the nature of the embedded derivative features, as described in the discussion above regarding derivative valuation. Adjustments are then made to this base valuation to reflect the Firm’s own creditworthiness (DVA) and to incorporate the impact of funding (FVA). See page 200 of this Note. Level 2 or 3         (a) Excludes certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. 188   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents the asset and liabilities reported at fair value as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  by major product category and fair value hierarchy. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis             Fair value hierarchy       December 31, 2015 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Derivative netting adjustments Total fair value Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ — $ 23,141   $ —   $ — $ 23,141 Securities borrowed — 395   —   — 395 Trading assets:               Debt instruments:               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies (a) 6 31,815   715   — 32,536 Residential – nonagency — 1,299   194   — 1,493 Commercial – nonagency — 1,080   115   — 1,195 Total mortgage-backed securities 6 34,194   1,024   — 35,224 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 12,036 6,985   —   — 19,021 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 6,986   651   — 7,637 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper — 1,042   —   — 1,042 Non-U.S. government debt securities 27,974 25,064   74   — 53,112 Corporate debt securities — 22,807   736   — 23,543 Loans (b) — 22,211   6,604   — 28,815 Asset-backed securities — 2,392   1,832   — 4,224 Total debt instruments 40,016 121,681   10,921   — 172,618 Equity securities 94,059 606   265   — 94,930 Physical commodities (c) 3,593 1,064   —   — 4,657 Other — 11,152   744   — 11,896 Total debt and equity instruments (d) 137,668 134,503   11,930   — 284,101 Derivative receivables:               Interest rate 354 666,491   2,766   (643,248 ) 26,363 Credit — 48,850   2,618   (50,045 ) 1,423 Foreign exchange 734 177,525   1,616   (162,698 ) 17,177 Equity — 35,150   709   (30,330 ) 5,529 Commodity 108 24,720   237   (15,880 ) 9,185 Total derivative receivables (e) 1,196 952,736   7,946   (902,201 ) 59,677 Total trading assets 138,864 1,087,239   19,876   (902,201 ) 343,778 Available-for-sale securities:               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies (a) — 55,066   —   — 55,066 Residential – nonagency — 27,618   1   — 27,619 Commercial – nonagency — 22,897   —   — 22,897 Total mortgage-backed securities — 105,581   1   — 105,582 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 10,998 38   —   — 11,036 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 33,550   —   — 33,550 Certificates of deposit — 283   —   — 283 Non-U.S. government debt securities 23,199 13,477   —   — 36,676 Corporate debt securities — 12,436   —   — 12,436 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations — 30,248   759   — 31,007 Other — 9,033   64   — 9,097 Equity securities 2,087 —   —   — 2,087 Total available-for-sale securities 36,284 204,646   824   — 241,754 Loans — 1,343   1,518   — 2,861 Mortgage servicing rights — —   6,608   — 6,608 Other assets:               Private equity investments (f) 102 101   1,657   — 1,860 All other 3,815 28   744   — 4,587 Total other assets 3,917 129   2,401   — 6,447 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 179,065 $ 1,316,893 (g)   $ 31,227 (g)   $ (902,201 ) $ 624,984 Deposits $ — $ 9,566   $ 2,950   $ — $ 12,516 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements — 3,526   —   — 3,526 Other borrowed funds — 9,272   639   — 9,911 Trading liabilities:             Debt and equity instruments (d) 53,845 20,199   63   — 74,107 Derivative payables:             Interest rate 216 633,060   1,890   (624,945 ) 10,221 Credit — 48,460   2,069   (48,988 ) 1,541 Foreign exchange 669 187,890   2,341   (171,131 ) 19,769 Equity — 36,440   2,223   (29,480 ) 9,183 Commodity 52 26,430   1,172   (15,578 ) 12,076 Total derivative payables (e) 937 932,280   9,695   (890,122 ) 52,790 Total trading liabilities 54,782 952,479   9,758   (890,122 ) 126,897 Accounts payable and other liabilities 4,382 —   19   — 4,401 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs — 238   549   — 787 Long-term debt — 21,452   11,613   — 33,065 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 59,164 $ 996,533   $ 25,528   $ (890,122 ) $ 191,103 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   189 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Fair value hierarchy         December 31, 2014 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Derivative netting adjustments   Total fair value Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ — $ 28,585   $ —   $ —   $ 28,585 Securities borrowed — 992   —   —   992 Trading assets:                 Debt instruments:                 Mortgage-backed securities:                 U.S. government agencies (a) 14 31,904   922   —   32,840 Residential – nonagency — 1,381   663   —   2,044 Commercial – nonagency — 927   306   —   1,233 Total mortgage-backed securities 14 34,212   1,891   —   36,117 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 17,816 8,460   —   —   26,276 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 9,298   1,273   —   10,571 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper — 1,429   —   —   1,429 Non-U.S. government debt securities 25,854 27,294   302   —   53,450 Corporate debt securities — 28,099   2,989   —   31,088 Loans (b) — 23,080   13,287   —   36,367 Asset-backed securities — 3,088   1,264   —   4,352 Total debt instruments 43,684 134,960   21,006   —   199,650 Equity securities 104,890 624   431   —   105,945 Physical commodities (c) 2,739 1,741   2   —   4,482 Other — 8,762   1,050   —   9,812 Total debt and equity instruments (d) 151,313 146,087   22,489   —   319,889 Derivative receivables:                 Interest rate 473 945,635 (g)   4,149   (916,532 ) (g)   33,725 Credit — 73,853   2,989   (75,004 )   1,838 Foreign exchange 758 212,153 (g)   2,276   (193,934 ) (g)   21,253 Equity — 39,937 (g)   2,552   (34,312 ) (g)   8,177 Commodity 247 42,807   599   (29,671 )   13,982 Total derivative receivables (e) 1,478 1,314,385 (g)   12,565   (1,249,453 ) (g)   78,975 Total trading assets 152,791 1,460,472 (g)   35,054   (1,249,453 ) (g)   398,864 Available-for-sale securities:                 Mortgage-backed securities:                 U.S. government agencies (a) — 65,319   —   —   65,319 Residential – nonagency — 50,865   30   —   50,895 Commercial – nonagency — 21,009   99   —   21,108 Total mortgage-backed securities — 137,193   129   —   137,322 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 13,591 54   —   —   13,645 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 30,068   —   —   30,068 Certificates of deposit — 1,103   —   —   1,103 Non-U.S. government debt securities 24,074 28,669   —   —   52,743 Corporate debt securities — 18,532   —   —   18,532 Asset-backed securities:                 Collateralized loan obligations — 29,402   792   —   30,194 Other — 12,499   116   —   12,615 Equity securities 2,530 —   —   —   2,530 Total available-for-sale securities 40,195 257,520   1,037   —   298,752 Loans — 70   2,541   —   2,611 Mortgage servicing rights — —   7,436   —   7,436 Other assets:                 Private equity investments (f) 648 2,624   2,225   —   5,497 All other 4,018 17   959   —   4,994 Total other assets 4,666 2,641   3,184   —   10,491 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 197,652 $ 1,750,280 (g)   $ 49,252   $ (1,249,453 ) (g)   $ 747,731 Deposits $ — $ 5,948   $ 2,859   $ —   $ 8,807 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements — 2,979   —   —   2,979 Other borrowed funds — 13,286   1,453   —   14,739 Trading liabilities:                 Debt and equity instruments (d) 62,914 18,713   72   —   81,699 Derivative payables:                 Interest rate 499 914,357 (g)   3,523   (900,634 ) (g)   17,745 Credit — 73,095   2,800   (74,302 )   1,593 Foreign exchange 746 221,066 (g)   2,802   (201,644 ) (g)   22,970 Equity — 41,925 (g)   4,337   (34,522 ) (g)   11,740 Commodity 141 44,318   1,164   (28,555 )   17,068 Total derivative payables (e) 1,386 1,294,761 (g)   14,626   (1,239,657 ) (g)   71,116 Total trading liabilities 64,300 1,313,474 (g)   14,698   (1,239,657 ) (g)   152,815 Accounts payable and other liabilities  (g) 4,129 —   26   —   4,155 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs — 1,016   1,146   —   2,162 Long-term debt — 18,349   11,877   —   30,226 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 68,429 $ 1,355,052 (g)   $ 32,059   $ (1,239,657 ) (g)   $ 215,883 Note: Effective April 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent). As a result of the adoption of this new guidance, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the fair values of these investments, which include certain hedge funds, private equity funds, real estate and other funds, were  $1.2 billion  and  $1.5 billion , respectively, of which  $337 million  and  $1.2 billion  had been previously classified in level 2 and level 3, respectively, at December 31, 2014. Included on the Firm’s balance sheet at December 31, 2015 and 2014, were trading assets of  $61 million  and  $124 million , respectively, and other assets of  $1.2 billion  and  $1.4 billion , respectively. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively, and accordingly, prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 190   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report (a) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included total U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations of  $67.0 billion  and  $84.1 billion , respectively, which were predominantly mortgage-related. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included within trading loans were  $11.8 billion  and  $17.0 billion , respectively, of residential first-lien mortgages, and  $4.3 billion  and  $5.8 billion , respectively, of commercial first-lien mortgages. Residential mortgage loans include conforming mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell to U.S. government agencies of  $5.3 billion  and  $7.7 billion , respectively, and reverse mortgages of  $2.5 billion  and  $3.4 billion , respectively. (c) Physical commodities inventories are generally accounted for at the lower of cost or market. “Market” is a term defined in U.S. GAAP as not exceeding fair value less costs to sell (“transaction costs”). Transaction costs for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories are either not applicable or immaterial to the value of the inventory. Therefore, market approximates fair value for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories. When fair value hedging has been applied (or when market is below cost), the carrying value of physical commodities approximates fair value, because under fair value hedge accounting, the cost basis is adjusted for changes in fair value. For a further discussion of the Firm’s hedge accounting relationships, see Note 6. To provide consistent fair value disclosure information, all physical commodities inventories have been included in each period presented. (d) Balances reflect the reduction of securities owned (long positions) by the amount of identical securities sold but not yet purchased (short positions). (e) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. For purposes of the tables above, the Firm does not reduce derivative receivables and derivative payables balances for this netting adjustment, either within or across the levels of the fair value hierarchy, as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability. However, if the Firm were to net such balances within level 3, the reduction in the level 3 derivative receivables and payables balances would be  $546 million  and  $2.5 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively; this is exclusive of the netting benefit associated with cash collateral, which would further reduce the level 3 balances. (f) Private equity instruments represent investments within the Corporate line of business. The cost basis of the private equity investment portfolio totaled  $3.5 billion  and  $6.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (g) Certain prior period amounts (including the corresponding fair value parenthetical disclosure for accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets) were revised to conform with the current period presentation. Transfers between levels for instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis For the years ended  December 31, 2015  and 2014, there were no significant transfers between levels 1 and 2. During the year ended  December 31, 2015 , transfers from level 3 to level 2 and from level 2 to level 3 included the following: • $3.1 billion  of long-term debt and  $1.0 billion  of deposits driven by an increase in observability on certain structured notes with embedded interest rate and FX derivatives and a reduction of the significance in the unobservable inputs for certain structured notes with embedded equity derivatives • $2.1 billion  of gross equity derivatives for both receivables and payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance in unobservable inputs; partially offset by transfers into level 3 resulting in net transfers of approximately  $1.2 billion  for both receivables and payables • $2.8 billion  of trading loans driven by an increase in observability of certain collateralized financing transactions; and  $2.4 billion  of corporate debt driven by a decrease in the significance in the unobservable inputs and an increase in observability for certain structured products During the year ended December 31, 2014, transfers from level 3 to level 2 included the following: • $4.3 billion  and  $4.4 billion  of gross equity derivative receivables and payables, respectively, due to increased observability of certain equity option valuation inputs • $2.7 billion  of trading loans,  $2.6 billion  of margin loans,  $2.3 billion  of private equity investments,  $2.0 billion  of corporate debt, and  $1.3 billion  of long-term debt, based on increased liquidity and price transparency Transfers from level 2 into level 3 included  $1.1 billion  of other borrowed funds,  $1.1 billion  of trading loans and  $1.0 billion  of long-term debt, based on a decrease in observability of valuation inputs and price transparency.   During the year ended December 31, 2013, transfers from level 3 to level 2 included the following:  • Certain highly rated CLOs, including  $27.4 billion  held in the Firm ’ s available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities portfolio and  $1.4 billion  held in the trading portfolio, based on increased liquidity and price transparency;  • $1.3 billion  of long-term debt, largely driven by an increase in observability of certain equity structured notes.  Transfers from level 2 to level 3 included  $1.4 billion  of corporate debt securities in the trading portfolio largely driven by a decrease in observability for certain credit instruments. All transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur.  Level 3 valuations The Firm  has established well-documented processes for determining fair value, including for instruments where fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). For further information on  the Firm’s  valuation process and a detailed discussion of the determination of fair value for individual financial instruments, see   pages 185–188   of this Note.   Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available to  the Firm.  For instruments valued using internally developed models that use significant unobservable inputs and are therefore classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, judgments used to estimate fair value are more significant than those required when estimating the fair value of instruments classified within levels 1 and 2.   In arriving at an estimate of fair value for an instrument within level 3, management must first determine the appropriate model to use. Second, due to the lack of observability of significant inputs, management must assess all relevant empirical data in deriving valuation inputs including, but not limited to, transaction details, yield  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   191 Notes to consolidated financial statements curves, interest rates, prepayment speed, default rates, volatilities, correlations, equity or debt prices, valuations of comparable instruments, foreign exchange rates and credit curves.   The following table presents  the Firm’s  primary level 3 financial instruments, the valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of those financial instruments, the significant unobservable inputs, the range of values for those inputs and, for certain instruments, the weighted averages of such inputs. While the determination to classify an instrument within level 3 is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement, level 3 financial instruments typically include observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources) in addition to the unobservable components. The level 1 and/or level 2 inputs are not included in the table. In addition,  the Firm  manages the risk of the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy.   The range of values presented in the table is representative of the highest and lowest level input used to value the significant groups of instruments within a product/instrument classification. Where provided, the weighted averages of the input values presented in the table are calculated based on the fair value of the instruments that the input is being used to value.     In  the Firm’s  view, the input range and the weighted average value do not reflect the degree of input uncertainty or an assessment of the reasonableness of  the Firm’s  estimates and assumptions. Rather, they reflect the characteristics of the various instruments held by  the Firm  and the relative distribution of instruments within the range of characteristics. For example, two option contracts may have similar levels of market risk exposure and valuation uncertainty, but may have significantly different implied volatility levels because the option contracts have different underlyings, tenors, or strike prices. The input range and weighted average values will therefore vary from period-to-period and parameter-to-parameter based on the characteristics of the instruments held by  the Firm  at each balance sheet date.   For  the Firm’s  derivatives and structured notes positions classified within level 3 at December 31, 2015, interest rate correlation inputs used in estimating fair value were concentrated towards the upper end of the range presented; equities correlation inputs were concentrated at the lower end of the range;   the credit correlation inputs were distributed across the range presented; and the foreign exchange correlation inputs were concentrated at the top end of the range presented. In addition, the interest rate volatility inputs and the foreign exchange correlation inputs used in estimating fair value were each concentrated at the upper end of the range presented. The equity volatilities are concentrated in the lower half end of the range. The forward commodity prices used in estimating the fair value of commodity derivatives were concentrated within the lower end of the range presented.   192   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Level 3 inputs (a)   December 31, 2015 (in millions, except for ratios and basis points)           Product/Instrument Fair value   Principal valuation technique Unobservable inputs Range of input values Weighted average Residential mortgage-backed securities and loans $ 5,212   Discounted cash flows Yield 3% - 26% 6%       Prepayment speed 0% - 20% 6%         Conditional default rate 0% - 33% 2%         Loss severity 0% - 100% 28% Commercial mortgage-backed securities and loans (b) 2,844   Discounted cash flows Yield 1% - 25% 6%       Conditional default rate 0% - 91% 29%         Loss severity 40% 40% Corporate debt securities, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities, and other (c) 3,277   Discounted cash flows Credit spread 60 bps - 225 bps 146 bps       Yield 1% - 20% 5% 2,740   Market comparables Price $ — - $168 $89 Net interest rate derivatives 876   Option pricing Interest rate correlation (52 )% - 99%           Interest rate spread volatility 3% - 38%   Net credit derivatives (b)(c) 549   Discounted cash flows Credit correlation 35% - 90%   Net foreign exchange derivatives (725 )   Option pricing Foreign exchange correlation 0% - 60%   Net equity derivatives (1,514 )   Option pricing Equity volatility 20% - 65%   Net commodity derivatives (935 )   Discounted cash flows Forward commodity price $ 22 - $46 per barrel Collateralized loan obligations 759   Discounted cash flows Credit spread 354 bps - 550 bps 396 bps         Prepayment speed 20% 20%         Conditional default rate 2% 2%         Loss severity 40% 40%   180   Market comparables Price $ — - $99 $69 Mortgage servicing rights 6,608   Discounted cash flows Refer to Note 17   Private equity investments 1,657   Market comparables EBITDA multiple 7.2x - 10.4x 8.5x       Liquidity adjustment 0% - 13% 8% Long-term debt, other borrowed funds, and deposits (d) 14,707   Option pricing Interest rate correlation (52 )% - 99%         Interest rate spread volatility 3% - 38%         Foreign exchange correlation 0% - 60%         Equity correlation (50 )% - 80%     495   Discounted cash flows Credit correlation 35% - 90%   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (e) 549   Discounted cash flows Yield 4% - 28% 4%         Prepayment Speed 1% - 12% 6%         Conditional default rate 2% - 15% 2%         Loss severity 30% - 100% 31% (a) The categories presented in the table have been aggregated based upon the product type, which may differ from their classification on the Consolidated balance sheets. (b) The unobservable inputs and associated input ranges for approximately  $349 million  of credit derivative receivables and  $310 million  of credit derivative payables with underlying commercial mortgage risk have been included in the inputs and ranges provided for commercial mortgage-backed securities and loans. (c) The unobservable inputs and associated input ranges for approximately  $434 million  of credit derivative receivables and  $401 million  of credit derivative payables with underlying asset-backed securities risk have been included in the inputs and ranges provided for corporate debt securities, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and other. (d) Long-term debt, other borrowed funds and deposits include structured notes issued by the Firm that are predominantly financial instruments containing embedded derivatives. The estimation of the fair value of structured notes is predominantly based on the derivative features embedded within the instruments. The significant unobservable inputs are broadly consistent with those presented for derivative receivables. (e)  The parameters are related to residential mortgage-backed securities. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   193 Notes to consolidated financial statements Changes in and ranges of unobservable inputs   The following discussion provides a description of the impact on a fair value measurement of a change in each unobservable input in isolation, and the interrelationship between unobservable inputs, where relevant and significant. The impact of changes in inputs may not be independent as a change in one unobservable input may give rise to a change in another unobservable input; where relationships exist between two unobservable inputs, those relationships are discussed below. Relationships may also exist between observable and unobservable inputs (for example, as observable interest rates rise, unobservable prepayment rates decline); such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. In addition, for each of the individual relationships described below, the inverse relationship would also generally apply.   In addition, the following discussion provides a description of attributes of the underlying instruments and external market factors that affect the range of inputs used in the valuation of  the Firm’s  positions.   Yield – The yield of an asset is the interest rate used to discount future cash flows in a discounted cash flow calculation. An increase in the yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   Credit spread – The credit spread is the amount of additional annualized return over the market interest rate that a market participant would demand for taking exposure to the credit risk of an instrument. The credit spread for an instrument forms part of the discount rate used in a discounted cash flow calculation. Generally, an increase in the credit spread would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   The yield and the credit spread of a particular mortgage-backed security primarily reflect the risk inherent in the instrument. The yield is also impacted by the absolute level of the coupon paid by the instrument (which may not correspond directly to the level of inherent risk). Therefore, the range of yield and credit spreads reflects the range of risk inherent in various instruments owned by  the Firm.  The risk inherent in mortgage-backed securities is driven by the subordination of the security being valued and the characteristics of the underlying mortgages within the collateralized pool, including borrower FICO scores, loan-to-value ratios for residential mortgages and the nature of the property and/or any tenants for commercial mortgages. For corporate debt securities, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and other similar instruments, credit spreads reflect the credit quality of the obligor and the tenor of the obligation.     Prepayment speed – The prepayment speed is a measure of the voluntary unscheduled principal repayments of a prepayable obligation in a collateralized pool. Prepayment speeds generally decline as borrower delinquencies rise. An increase in prepayment speeds, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement of assets valued at a premium to par and an increase in a fair value measurement of assets valued at a discount to par.   Prepayment speeds may vary from collateral pool to collateral pool, and are driven by the type and location of the underlying borrower, the remaining tenor of the obligation as well as the level and type (e.g., fixed or floating) of interest rate being paid by the borrower. Typically collateral pools with higher borrower credit quality have a higher prepayment rate than those with lower borrower credit quality, all other factors being equal.   Conditional default rate – The conditional default rate is a measure of the reduction in the outstanding collateral balance underlying a collateralized obligation as a result of defaults. While there is typically no direct relationship between conditional default rates and prepayment speeds, collateralized obligations for which the underlying collateral has high prepayment speeds will tend to have lower conditional default rates. An increase in conditional default rates would generally be accompanied by an increase in loss severity and an increase in credit spreads. An increase in the conditional default rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. Conditional default rates reflect the quality of the collateral underlying a securitization and the structure of the securitization itself. Based on the types of securities owned in  the Firm’s  market-making portfolios, conditional default rates are most typically at the lower end of the range presented.   Loss severity – The loss severity (the inverse concept is the recovery rate) is the expected amount of future realized losses resulting from the ultimate liquidation of a particular loan, expressed as the net amount of loss relative to the outstanding loan balance. An increase in loss severity is generally accompanied by an increase in conditional default rates. An increase in the loss severity, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   The loss severity applied in valuing a mortgage-backed security investment depends on factors relating to the underlying mortgages, including the loan-to-value ratio, the nature of the lender’s lien on the property and other instrument-specific factors.   194   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Correlation – Correlation is a measure of the relationship between the movements of two variables (e.g., how the change in one variable influences the change in the other). Correlation is a pricing input for a derivative product where the payoff is driven by one or more underlying risks. Correlation inputs are related to the type of derivative  (e.g., interest rate, credit, equity and foreign exchange)  due to the nature of the underlying risks. When parameters are positively correlated, an increase in one parameter will result in an increase in the other parameter. When parameters are negatively correlated, an increase in one parameter will result in a decrease in the other parameter. An increase in correlation can result in an increase or a decrease in a fair value measurement. Given a short correlation position, an increase in correlation, in isolation, would generally result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The range of correlation inputs between risks within the same asset class are generally narrower than those between underlying risks across asset classes. In addition, the ranges of credit correlation inputs tend to be narrower than those affecting other asset classes. The level of correlation used in the valuation of derivatives with multiple underlying risks depends on a number of factors including the nature of those risks. For example, the correlation between two credit risk exposures would be different than that between two interest rate risk exposures. Similarly, the tenor of the transaction may also impact the correlation input as the relationship between the underlying risks may be different over different time periods. Furthermore, correlation levels are very much dependent on market conditions and could have a relatively wide range of levels within or across asset classes over time, particularly in volatile market conditions.   Volatility – Volatility is a measure of the variability in possible returns for an instrument, parameter or market index given how much the particular instrument, parameter or index changes in value over time. Volatility is a pricing input for options, including equity options, commodity options, and interest rate options. Generally, the higher the volatility of the underlying, the riskier the instrument. Given a long position in an option, an increase in volatility, in isolation, would generally result in an increase in a fair value measurement.   The level of volatility used in the valuation of a particular option-based derivative depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the risk underlying the option (e.g., the volatility of a particular equity security may be significantly different from that of a particular commodity index), the tenor of the derivative as well as the strike price of the option.     EBITDA multiple – EBITDA multiples refer to the input (often derived from the value of a comparable company) that is multiplied by the historic and/or expected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) of a company in order to estimate the company’s value. An increase in the EBITDA multiple, in isolation, net of adjustments, would result in an increase in a fair value measurement. Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements   The following tables include a rollforward of the Consolidated balance sheets amounts (including changes in fair value) for financial instruments classified by  the Firm  within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 .  When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within level 3, the determination is based on the significance of the unobservable parameters to the overall fair value measurement. However, level 3 financial instruments typically include, in addition to the unobservable or level 3 components, observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources); accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. Also,  the Firm  risk-manages the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within level 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy; as these level 1 and level 2 risk management instruments are not included below, the gains or losses in the following tables do not reflect the effect of  the Firm’s  risk management activities related to such level 3 instruments. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   195 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2015 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)         Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2015   Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2015 Purchases (g) Sales   Settlements (h) Assets:                         Trading assets:                         Debt instruments:                         Mortgage-backed securities:                         U.S. government agencies $ 922 $ (28 )   $ 327 $ (303 )   $ (132 ) $ (71 ) $ 715   $ (27 )   Residential – nonagency 663 130   253 (611 )   (23 ) (218 ) 194   4   Commercial – nonagency 306 (14 )   246 (262 )   (22 ) (139 ) 115   (5 )   Total mortgage-backed securities 1,891 88   826 (1,176 )   (177 ) (428 ) 1,024   (28 )   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,273 14   352 (133 )   (27 ) (828 ) 651   (1 )   Non-U.S. government debt securities 302 9   205 (123 )   (64 ) (255 ) 74   (16 )   Corporate debt securities 2,989 (77 )   1,171 (1,038 )   (125 ) (2,184 ) 736   2   Loans 13,287 (174 )   3,532 (4,661 )   (3,112 ) (2,268 ) 6,604   (181 )   Asset-backed securities 1,264 (41 )   1,920 (1,229 )   (35 ) (47 ) 1,832   (32 )   Total debt instruments 21,006 (181 )   8,006 (8,360 )   (3,540 ) (6,010 ) 10,921   (256 )   Equity securities 431 96   89 (193 )   (26 ) (132 ) 265   82   Physical commodities 2 (2 )   — —   — — —   —   Other 1,050 119   1,581 (1,313 )   192 (885 ) 744   85   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 22,489 32 (c)   9,676 (9,866 )   (3,374 ) (7,027 ) 11,930   (89 ) (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a)                         Interest rate 626 962   513 (173 )   (732 ) (320 ) 876   263   Credit 189 118   129 (136 )   165 84 549   260   Foreign exchange (526 ) 657   19 (149 )   (296 ) (430 ) (725 )   49   Equity (1,785 ) 731   890 (1,262 )   (158 ) 70 (1,514 )   5   Commodity (565 ) (856 )   1 (24 )   512 (3 ) (935 )   (41 )   Total net derivative receivables (2,061 ) 1,612 (c)   1,552 (1,744 )   (509 ) (599 ) (1,749 )   536 (c)   Available-for-sale securities:                         Asset-backed securities 908 (32 )   51 (43 )   (61 ) — 823   (28 )   Other 129 —   — —   (29 ) (99 ) 1   —   Total available-for-sale securities 1,037 (32 ) (d)   51 (43 )   (90 ) (99 ) 824   (28 ) (d)   Loans 2,541 (133 ) (c)   1,290 (92 )   (1,241 ) (847 ) 1,518   (32 ) (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 7,436 (405 ) (e)   985 (486 )   (922 ) — 6,608   (405 ) (e)   Other assets:                         Private equity investments 2,225 (120 ) (c)   281 (362 )   (187 ) (180 ) 1,657   (304 ) (c)   All other 959 91 (f)   65 (147 )   (224 ) — 744   15 (f)                               Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2015 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses         Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2015   Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2015 Purchases (g) Sales Issuances Settlements (h) Liabilities: (b)                         Deposits $ 2,859 $ (39 ) (c)   $ — $ — $ 1,993 $ (850 ) $ (1,013 ) $ 2,950   $ (29 ) (c)   Other borrowed funds 1,453 (697 ) (c)   — — 3,334 (2,963 ) (488 ) 639   (57 ) (c)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 72 15 (c)   (163 ) 160 — (17 ) (4 ) 63   (4 ) (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities 26 —   — — — (7 ) — 19   —   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 1,146 (82 ) (c)   — — 286 (574 ) (227 ) 549   (63 ) (c)   Long-term debt 11,877 (480 ) (c)   (58 ) — 9,359 (6,299 ) (2,786 ) 11,613   385 (c)   196   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2014 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2014 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)             Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2014 Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2014 Purchases (g)   Sales     Settlements (h) Assets:                             Trading assets:                             Debt instruments:                             Mortgage-backed securities:                             U.S. government agencies $ 1,005 $ (97 )   $ 351   $ (186 )     $ (121 ) $ (30 ) $ 922   $ (92 )   Residential – nonagency 726 66   827   (761 )     (41 ) (154 ) 663   (15 )   Commercial – nonagency 432 17   980   (914 )     (60 ) (149 ) 306   (12 )   Total mortgage-backed securities 2,163 (14 )   2,158   (1,861 )     (222 ) (333 ) 1,891   (119 )   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,382 90   298   (358 )     (139 ) — 1,273   (27 )   Non-U.S. government debt securities 143 24   719   (617 )     (3 ) 36 302   10   Corporate debt securities 5,920 210   5,854   (3,372 )     (4,531 ) (1,092 ) 2,989   379   Loans 13,455 387   13,551   (7,917 )     (4,623 ) (1,566 ) 13,287   123   Asset-backed securities 1,272 19   2,240   (2,126 )     (283 ) 142 1,264   (30 )   Total debt instruments 24,335 716   24,820   (16,251 )     (9,801 ) (2,813 ) 21,006   336   Equity securities 867 113   248   (259 )     (286 ) (252 ) 431   46   Physical commodities 4 (1 )   —   —     (1 ) — 2   —   Other 2,000 239   1,426   (276 )     (201 ) (2,138 ) 1,050   329   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 27,206 1,067 (c)   26,494   (16,786 )     (10,289 ) (5,203 ) 22,489   711 (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a)                             Interest rate 2,379 184   198   (256 )     (1,771 ) (108 ) 626   (853 )   Credit 95 (149 )   272   (47 )     92 (74 ) 189   (107 )   Foreign exchange (1,200 ) (137 )   139   (27 )     668 31 (526 )   (62 )   Equity (1,063 ) 154   2,044   (2,863 )     10 (67 ) (1,785 )   583   Commodity 115 (465 )   1   (113 )     (109 ) 6 (565 )   (186 )   Total net derivative receivables 326 (413 ) (c)   2,654   (3,306 )     (1,110 ) (212 ) (2,061 )   (625 ) (c)   Available-for-sale securities:                             Asset-backed securities 1,088 (41 )   275   (2 )     (101 ) (311 ) 908   (40 )   Other 1,234 (19 )   122   —     (223 ) (985 ) 129   (2 )   Total available-for-sale securities 2,322 (60 ) (d)   397   (2 )     (324 ) (1,296 ) 1,037   (42 ) (d)   Loans 1,931 (254 ) (c)   3,258   (845 )     (1,549 ) — 2,541   (234 ) (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 9,614 (1,826 ) (e)   768   (209 )     (911 ) — 7,436   (1,826 ) (e)   Other assets:                             Private equity investments 5,816 400 (c)   145   (1,967 )     (197 ) (1,972 ) 2,225   33 (c)   All other 1,382 83 (f)   10   (357 )     (159 ) — 959   59 (f)                                   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2014 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2014 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses             Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2014 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2014 Purchases (g)   Sales   Issuances Settlements (h) Liabilities: (b)                             Deposits $ 2,255 $ 149 (c)   $ —   $ —   $ 1,578 $ (197 ) $ (926 ) $ 2,859   $ 130 (c)   Other borrowed funds 2,074 (596 ) (c)   —   —   5,377 (6,127 ) 725 1,453   (415 ) (c)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 113 (5 ) (c)   (305 )   323   — (5 ) (49 ) 72   2 (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities — 27 (c)   —   —   — (1 ) — 26   —   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 1,240 (4 ) (c)   —   —   775 (763 ) (102 ) 1,146   (22 ) (c)   Long-term debt 10,008 (40 ) (c)   —   —   7,421 (5,231 ) (281 ) 11,877   (9 ) (c)   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   197 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2013 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)             Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2013 Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2013 Purchases (g)   Sales     Settlements (h) Assets:                             Trading assets:                             Debt instruments:                             Mortgage-backed securities:                             U.S. government agencies $ 498 $ 169   $ 819   $ (381 )     $ (100 ) $ — $ 1,005   $ 200   Residential – nonagency 663 407   780   (1,028 )     (91 ) (5 ) 726   205   Commercial – nonagency 1,207 114   841   (1,522 )     (208 ) — 432   (4 )   Total mortgage-backed securities 2,368 690   2,440   (2,931 )     (399 ) (5 ) 2,163   401   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,436 71   472   (251 )     (346 ) — 1,382   18   Non-U.S. government debt securities 67 4   1,449   (1,479 )     (8 ) 110 143   (1 )   Corporate debt securities 5,308 103   7,602   (5,975 )     (1,882 ) 764 5,920   466   Loans 10,787 665   10,411   (7,431 )     (685 ) (292 ) 13,455   315   Asset-backed securities 3,696 191   1,912   (2,379 )     (292 ) (1,856 ) 1,272   105   Total debt instruments 23,662 1,724   24,286   (20,446 )     (3,612 ) (1,279 ) 24,335   1,304   Equity securities 1,092 (37 )   328   (266 )     (135 ) (115 ) 867   46   Physical commodities — (4 )   —   (8 )     — 16 4   (4 )   Other 863 558   659   (95 )     (120 ) 135 2,000   1,074   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 25,617 2,241 (c)   25,273   (20,815 )     (3,867 ) (1,243 ) 27,206   2,420 (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a)                             Interest rate 3,322 1,358   344   (220 )     (2,391 ) (34 ) 2,379   107   Credit 1,873 (1,697 )   115   (12 )     (357 ) 173 95   (1,449 )   Foreign exchange (1,750 ) (101 )   3   (4 )     683 (31 ) (1,200 )   (110 )   Equity (1,806 ) 2,528   1,305   (2,111 )     (1,353 ) 374 (1,063 )   872   Commodity 254 816   105   (3 )     (1,107 ) 50 115   410   Total net derivative receivables 1,893 2,904 (c)   1,872   (2,350 )     (4,525 ) 532 326   (170 ) (c)   Available-for-sale securities:                             Asset-backed securities 28,024 4   579   (57 )     (57 ) (27,405 ) 1,088   4   Other 892 26   508   (216 )     (6 ) 30 1,234   25   Total available-for-sale securities 28,916 30 (d)   1,087   (273 )     (63 ) (27,375 ) 2,322   29 (d)   Loans 2,282 81 (c)   1,065   (191 )     (1,306 ) — 1,931   (21 ) (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 7,614 1,612 (e)   2,215   (725 )     (1,102 ) — 9,614   1,612 (e)   Other assets:                             Private equity investments 5,590 824 (c)   537   (1,080 )     140 (195 ) 5,816   42 (c)   All other 2,122 (17 ) (f)   49   (427 )     (345 ) — 1,382   (64 ) (f)                                   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2013 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses             Transfers into and/or out of level 3 (i) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2013 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2013 Purchases (g)   Sales   Issuances Settlements (h) Liabilities: (b)                             Deposits $ 1,983 $ (82 ) (c)   $ —   $ —   $ 1,248 $ (222 ) $ (672 ) $ 2,255   $ (88 ) (c)   Other borrowed funds 1,619 (177 ) (c)   —   —   7,108 (6,845 ) 369 2,074   291 (c)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 205 (83 ) (c)   (2,418 )   2,594   — (54 ) (131 ) 113   (100 ) (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities — —   —   —   — — — —   —   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 925 174 (c)   —   —   353 (212 ) — 1,240   167 (c)   Long-term debt 8,476 (435 ) (c)   —   —   6,830 (4,362 ) (501 ) 10,008   (85 ) (c)   Note: Effective April 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for certain investments where the Firm measures fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and excluded such investments from the fair value hierarchy. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively, and accordingly, prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. For further information, see page 190. 198   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report (a) All level 3 derivatives are presented on a net basis, irrespective of underlying counterparty. (b) Level 3 liabilities as a percentage of total Firm liabilities accounted for at fair value (including liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were  13% ,  15%  and  18%  at  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (c) Predominantly reported in principal transactions revenue, except for changes in fair value for CCB mortgage loans, lending-related commitments originated with the intent to sell, and mortgage loan purchase commitments, which are reported in mortgage fees and related income. (d) Realized gains/(losses) on AFS   securities, as well as other-than-temporary impairment losses that are recorded in earnings, are reported in securities gains. Unrealized gains/(losses) are reported in OCI. Realized gains/(losses) and foreign exchange remeasurement adjustments recorded in income on AFS securities were  $(7) million ,  $(43) million , and  $17 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Unrealized gains/(losses) recorded on AFS securities in OCI were  $(25) million ,  $(16) million  and  $13 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (e) Changes in fair value for CCB MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income. (f) Predominantly reported in other income. (g) Loan originations are included in purchases. (h) Includes financial assets and liabilities that have matured, been partially or fully repaid, impacts of modifications, and deconsolidations associated with beneficial interests in VIEs. (i) All transfers into and/or out of level 3 are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur. Level 3 analysis Consolidated balance sheets changes   Level 3 assets (including assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were   1.4%  of total Firm assets at  December 31, 2015 .  The following describes significant changes to level 3 assets since  December 31, 2014,  for those items measured at fair value on a recurring basis. For further information on changes impacting items measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, see Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis on   pages 200–201 . For the year ended  December 31, 2015 Level 3 assets were  $31.2 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , reflecting a decrease of  $18.0 billion  from December 31, 2014. This decrease was driven by settlements (including repayments and restructurings) and transfers to Level 2 due to an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. In particular: • $10.6 billion  decrease in trading assets — debt and equity instruments was driven by a decrease of  $6.7 billion  in trading loans due to sales, maturities and transfers from level 3 to level 2 as a result of an increase in observability of certain valuation inputs and a  $2.3 billion  decrease in corporate debt securities due to transfers from level 3 to level 2 as a result of an increase in observability of certain valuation inputs • $4.6 billion  decrease in gross derivative receivables was driven by a  $3.9 billion  decrease in equity, interest rate and foreign exchange derivative receivables due to market movements and transfers from level 3 to level 2 as a result of an increase in observability of certain valuation inputs   Gains and losses   The following describes significant components of total realized/unrealized gains/(losses) for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended  December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  For further information on these instruments, see Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements rollforward tables on   pages 195–199 . 2015 • $1.6 billion  of net gains in interest rate, foreign exchange and equity derivative receivables largely due to market movements; partially offset by loss in commodity derivatives due to market movements •   $1.3 billion  of net gains in liabilities due to market movements 2014 • $1.8 billion  of losses on MSRs. For further discussion of the change, refer to Note 17 •   $1.1 billion  of net gains on trading assets — debt and equity instruments, largely driven by market movements and client-driven financing transactions 2013 • $2.9 billion  of net gains on derivatives, largely driven by  $2.5 billion  of gains on equity derivatives, primarily related to client-driven market-making activity and a rise in equity markets; and  $1.4 billion  of gains, predominantly on interest rate lock and mortgage loan purchase commitments; partially offset by  $1.7 billion  of losses on credit derivatives from the impact of tightening reference entity credit spreads • $2.2 billion  of net gains on trading assets — debt and equity instruments, largely driven by market making and credit spread tightening in nonagency mortgage-backed securities and trading loans, and the impact of market movements on client-driven financing transactions • $1.6 billion  of net gains on MSRs. For further discussion of the change, refer to Note 17 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   199 Notes to consolidated financial statements Credit and funding adjustments When determining the fair value of an instrument, it may be necessary to record adjustments to the Firm’s estimates of fair value in order to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Firm’s own creditworthiness, and the impact of funding: • CVA is taken to reflect the credit quality of a counterparty in the valuation of derivatives. Derivatives are generally valued using models that use as their basis observable market parameters. These market parameters may not consider counterparty non-performance risk. Therefore, an adjustment may be necessary to reflect the credit quality of each derivative counterparty to arrive at fair value. The Firm estimates derivatives CVA using a scenario analysis to estimate the expected credit exposure across all of the Firm’s positions with each counterparty, and then estimates losses as a result of a counterparty credit event. The key inputs to this methodology are (i) the expected positive exposure to each counterparty based on a simulation that assumes the current population of existing derivatives with each counterparty remains unchanged and considers contractual factors designed to mitigate the Firm’s credit exposure, such as collateral and legal rights of offset; (ii) the probability of a default event occurring for each counterparty, as derived from observed or estimated CDS spreads; and (iii) estimated recovery rates implied by CDS, adjusted to consider the differences in recovery rates as a derivative creditor relative to those reflected in CDS spreads, which generally reflect senior unsecured creditor risk. As such, the Firm estimates derivatives CVA relative to the relevant benchmark interest rate. • DVA is taken to reflect the credit quality of the Firm in the valuation of liabilities measured at fair value. The DVA calculation methodology is generally consistent with the CVA methodology described above and incorporates JPMorgan Chase’s credit spreads as observed through the CDS market to estimate the probability of default and loss given default as a result of a systemic event affecting the Firm. Structured notes DVA is estimated using the current fair value of the structured note as the exposure amount, and is otherwise consistent with the derivative DVA methodology.  • FVA is taken to incorporate the impact of funding in the Firm’s valuation estimates where there is evidence that a market participant in the principal market would incorporate it in a transfer of the instrument. For collateralized derivatives, the fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows at the relevant overnight indexed swap (“OIS”) rate given the underlying collateral agreement with the counterparty. For uncollateralized (including partially collateralized) over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives and structured notes, effective in 2013, the Firm implemented a FVA framework to incorporate the impact of funding into its    valuation estimates. The Firm’s FVA framework leverages its existing CVA and DVA calculation methodologies, and considers the fact that the Firm’s own credit risk is a significant component of funding costs. The key inputs to FVA are: (i) the expected funding requirements arising from the Firm’s positions with each counterparty and collateral arrangements; (ii) for assets, the estimated market funding cost in the principal market; and (iii) for liabilities, the hypothetical market funding cost for a transfer to a market participant with a similar credit standing as the Firm. Upon the implementation of the FVA framework in 2013, the Firm recorded a one-time  $1.5 billion  loss in principal transactions revenue that was recorded in the CIB. While the FVA framework applies to both assets and liabilities, the loss on implementation largely related to uncollateralized derivative receivables given that the impact of the Firm’s own credit risk, which is a significant component of funding costs, was already incorporated in the valuation of liabilities through the application of DVA. The following table provides the impact of credit and funding adjustments on principal transactions revenue in the respective periods, excluding the effect of any associated hedging activities. The DVA and FVA reported below include the impact of the Firm’s own credit quality on the inception value of liabilities as well as the impact of changes in the Firm’s own credit quality over time. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Credit adjustments:           Derivatives CVA $ 620   $ (322 )   $ 1,886 Derivatives DVA and FVA (a) 73   (58 )   (1,152 ) Structured notes DVA and FVA (b) 754   200   (760 ) (a) Included derivatives DVA of  $(6) million ,  $(1) million  and  $(115) million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (b) Included structured notes DVA of  $171 million ,  $20 million  and  $(337) million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. 200   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis   At   December 31, 2015  and 2014,  assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were   $1.7 billion  and  $4.5 billion ,  respectively, consisting predominantly of loans that had fair value adjustments for the years ended  December 31, 2015 and 2014.  At  December 31, 2015,  $696 million  and  $959 million   of these assets were classified in levels 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy, respectively. At  December 31, 2014, $ 1.3 billion  and $ 3.2 billion   of these assets were classified in levels 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy, respectively. Liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were not significant at  December 31, 2015 and 2014.  For the years ended  December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,  there were no significant transfers between levels 1, 2   and 3 related to assets held at the balance sheet date. Of the   $959 million   in level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of  December 31, 2015: • $556 million   related to residential real estate loans carried at the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (i.e., collateral-dependent loans and other loans charged off in accordance with regulatory guidance). These amounts are classified as level 3, as they are valued using a broker’s price opinion and discounted based upon  the Firm’s  experience with actual liquidation values. These discounts to the broker price opinions ranged from   4%  to  59% , with a weighted average of   22% . The total change in the recorded value of assets and liabilities for which a fair value adjustment has been included in the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended  December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,  related to financial instruments held at those dates, were losses of   $294 million ,  $992 million  and  $789 million ,  respectively; these reductions were predominantly associated with loans.   For further information about the measurement of impaired collateral-dependent loans, and other loans where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral (e.g., residential mortgage loans charged off in accordance with regulatory guidance), see Note  14.   Additional disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments that are not carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value   U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate their fair value. Financial instruments within the scope of these disclosure requirements are included in the following table. However, certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the scope of these disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the fair value disclosures provided in the following table include only a partial estimate of the fair value of  JPMorgan Chase’s  assets and liabilities. For example,  the Firm  has developed long-term relationships with its customers through its deposit base and credit card accounts, commonly referred to as core deposit intangibles and credit card relationships. In the opinion of management, these items, in the aggregate, add significant value to  JPMorgan Chase,  but their fair value is not disclosed in this Note. Financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value   Certain financial instruments that are not carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, due to their short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. These instruments include cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, short-term receivables and accrued interest receivable, commercial paper, federal funds purchased, securities loaned and sold under repurchase agreements, other borrowed funds, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. In addition, U.S. GAAP requires that the fair value of deposit liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., demand, savings and certain money market deposits) be equal to their carrying value; recognition of the inherent funding value of these instruments is not permitted.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   201 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents by fair value hierarchy classification the carrying values and estimated fair values at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  of financial assets and liabilities, excluding financial instruments which are carried at fair value on a recurring basis. For additional information regarding the financial instruments within the scope of this disclosure, and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate their fair value, see   pages 185–188   of this Note.   December 31, 2015   December 31, 2014     Estimated fair value hierarchy       Estimated fair value hierarchy   (in billions) Carrying  value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated  fair value   Carrying  value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated  fair value Financial assets                       Cash and due from banks $ 20.5 $ 20.5 $ — $ — $ 20.5   $ 27.8 $ 27.8 $ — $ — $ 27.8 Deposits with banks 340.0 335.9 4.1 — 340.0   484.5 480.4 4.1 — 484.5 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 46.6 — 46.4 0.2 46.6   70.1 — 70.0 0.1 70.1 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 189.5 — 189.5 — 189.5   187.2 — 187.2 — 187.2 Securities borrowed 98.3 — 98.3 — 98.3   109.4 — 109.4 — 109.4 Securities, held-to-maturity (a) 49.1 — 50.6 — 50.6   49.3 — 51.2 — 51.2 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses (b) 820.8 — 25.4 802.7 828.1   740.5 — 21.8 723.1 744.9 Other 66.0 0.1 56.3 14.3 70.7   64.7 — 55.7 13.3 69.0 Financial liabilities                       Deposits $ 1,267.2 $ — $ 1,266.1 $ 1.2 $ 1,267.3   $ 1,354.6 $ — $ 1,353.6 $ 1.2 $ 1,354.8 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 149.2 — 149.2 — 149.2   189.1 — 189.1 — 189.1 Commercial paper 15.6 — 15.6 — 15.6   66.3 — 66.3 — 66.3 Other borrowed funds 11.2 — 11.2 — 11.2   15.5 15.5 — 15.5 Accounts payable and other liabilities (c) 144.6 — 141.7 2.8 144.5   172.6 — 169.6 2.9 172.5 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (d) 41.1 — 40.2 0.9 41.1   50.2 — 48.2 2.0 50.2 Long-term debt and junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (e) 255.6 — 257.4 4.3 261.7   246.2 — 251.2 3.8 255.0 (a) Carrying value reflects unamortized discount or premium. (b) Fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the characteristics of the underlying loans (including principal, contractual interest rate and contractual fees) and other key inputs, including expected lifetime credit losses, interest rates, prepayment rates, and primary origination or secondary market spreads. For certain loans, the fair value is measured based on the value of the underlying collateral. The difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value of a financial asset or liability is the result of the different methodologies used to determine fair value as compared with carrying value. For example, credit losses are estimated for a financial asset’s remaining life in a fair value calculation but are estimated for a loss emergence period in the allowance for loan loss calculation; future loan income (interest and fees) is incorporated in a fair value calculation but is generally not considered in the allowance for loan losses. For a further discussion of the Firm’s methodologies for estimating the fair value of loans and lending-related commitments, see Valuation hierarchy on  pages 185–188 . (c) Certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. (d) Carrying value reflects unamortized issuance costs. (e) Carrying value reflects unamortized premiums and discounts, issuance costs, and other valuation adjustments. 202   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The majority of  the Firm’s  lending-related commitments are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis on the Consolidated balance sheets, nor are they actively traded. The carrying value of the allowance and the estimated fair value of  the Firm’s  wholesale lending-related commitments were as follows for the periods indicated.   December 31, 2015   December 31, 2014     Estimated fair value hierarchy       Estimated fair value hierarchy   (in billions) Carrying value (a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated fair value   Carrying value (a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated fair value Wholesale lending-related commitments $ 0.8 $ — $ — $ 3.0 $ 3.0   $ 0.6 $ — $ — $ 1.6 $ 1.6 (a) Excludes the current carrying values of the guarantee liability and the offsetting asset, each of which are recognized at fair value at the inception of guarantees. The Firm  does not estimate the fair value of consumer lending-related commitments. In many cases,  the Firm  can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. For a further discussion of the valuation of lending-related commitments, see   page 186   of this Note.   Note 4 – Fair value option The fair value option provides an option to elect fair value as an alternative measurement for selected financial assets, financial liabilities, unrecognized firm commitments, and written loan commitments. The Firm  has elected to measure certain instruments at fair value in order to:   • Mitigate income statement volatility caused by the differences in the measurement basis of elected instruments (e.g. certain instruments elected were previously accounted for on an accrual basis) while the associated risk management arrangements are accounted for on a fair value basis;   • Eliminate the complexities of applying certain accounting models (e.g., hedge accounting or bifurcation accounting for hybrid instruments); and/or   • Better reflect those instruments that are managed on a fair value basis.     The Firm’s  election of fair value includes the following instruments:   • Loans purchased or originated as part of securitization warehousing activity, subject to bifurcation accounting, or managed on a fair value basis.   • Certain  securities financing arrangements with an embedded derivative and/or a maturity of greater than one year.   • Owned beneficial interests in securitized financial assets that contain embedded credit derivatives, which would otherwise be required to be separately accounted for as a derivative instrument.   • Certain investments that receive tax credits and other equity investments acquired as part of the Washington Mutual transaction.   • Structured notes issued as part of  CIB’s  client-driven activities. (Structured notes are predominantly financial instruments that contain embedded derivatives.)   • Certain long-term beneficial interests issued by  CIB’s  consolidated securitization trusts where the underlying assets are carried at fair value.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   203 Notes to consolidated financial statements Changes in fair value under the fair value option election   The following table presents the changes in fair value included in the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  for items for which the fair value option was elected. The profit and loss information presented below only includes the financial instruments that were elected to be measured at fair value; related risk management instruments, which are required to be measured at fair value, are not included in the table.     2015   2014   2013 December 31, (in millions) Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded   Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded   Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ (38 ) $ —   $ (38 )   $ (15 ) $ —   $ (15 )   $ (454 ) $ —   $ (454 ) Securities borrowed (6 ) —   (6 )   (10 ) —   (10 )   10 —   10 Trading assets:                         Debt and equity instruments, excluding loans 756 (10 ) (d)   746   639 —   639   582 7 (c)   589 Loans reported as trading assets:                         Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 138 41 (c)   179   885 29 (c)   914   1,161 23 (c)   1,184 Other changes in fair value 232 818 (c)   1,050   352 1,353 (c)   1,705   (133 ) 1,833 (c)   1,700 Loans:                         Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 35 —   35   40 —   40   36 —   36 Other changes in fair value 4 —   4   34 —   34   17 —   17 Other assets 79 (1 ) (d)   78   24 6 (d)   30   32 86 (d)   118 Deposits (a) 93 —   93   (287 ) —   (287 )   260 —   260 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 8 —   8   (33 ) —   (33 )   73 —   73 Other borrowed funds (a)   1,996 —   1,996   (891 ) —   (891 )   (399 ) —   (399 ) Trading liabilities (20 ) —   (20 )   (17 ) —   (17 )   (46 ) —   (46 ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 49 —   49   (233 ) —   (233 )   (278 ) —   (278 ) Other liabilities — —   —   (27 ) —   (27 )   — —   — Long-term debt:                         Changes in instrument-specific credit risk (a)   300 —   300   101 —   101   (271 ) —   (271 ) Other changes in fair value (b) 1,088 —   1,088   (615 ) —   (615 )   1,280 —   1,280 (a) Total changes in instrument-specific credit risk (DVA) related to structured notes were  $171 million ,   $20 million  and  $(337) million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. These totals include such changes for structured notes classified within deposits and other borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt. (b) Structured notes are predominantly financial instruments containing embedded derivatives. Where present, the embedded derivative is the primary driver of risk. Although the risk associated with the structured notes is actively managed, the gains/(losses) reported in this table do not include the income statement impact of the risk management instruments used to manage such risk. (c) Reported in mortgage fees and related income. (d) Reported in other income. 204   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Determination of instrument-specific credit risk for items for which a fair value election was made   The following describes how the gains and losses included in earnings that are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, were determined.   • Loans and lending-related commitments: For floating-rate instruments, all changes in value are attributed to instrument-specific credit risk. For fixed-rate instruments, an allocation of the changes in value for the period is made between those changes in value that are interest rate-related and changes in value that are credit-related. Allocations are generally based on an analysis of borrower-specific credit spread and recovery information, where available, or benchmarking to similar entities or industries.     • Long-term debt: Changes in value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk were derived principally from observable changes in  the Firm’s  credit spread.   • Resale and repurchase agreements, securities borrowed agreements and securities lending agreements: Generally, for these types of agreements, there is a requirement that collateral be maintained with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount loaned; as a result, there would be no adjustment or an immaterial adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk related to these agreements.   Difference between aggregate fair value and aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding   The following table reflects the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  for loans, long-term debt and long-term beneficial interests for which the fair value option has been elected.     2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Contractual principal outstanding   Fair value Fair value over/(under) contractual principal outstanding   Contractual principal outstanding   Fair value Fair value over/(under) contractual principal outstanding Loans (a)                   Nonaccrual loans                   Loans reported as trading assets $ 3,484   $ 631 $ (2,853 )   $ 3,847   $ 905 $ (2,942 ) Loans 7   7 —   7   7 — Subtotal 3,491   638 (2,853 )   3,854   912 (2,942 ) All other performing loans                   Loans reported as trading assets 30,780   28,184 (2,596 )   37,608   35,462 (2,146 ) Loans 2,771   2,752 (19 )   2,397   2,389 (8 ) Total loans $ 37,042   $ 31,574 $ (5,468 )   $ 43,859   $ 38,763 $ (5,096 ) Long-term debt                   Principal-protected debt $ 17,910 (c)   $ 16,611 $ (1,299 )   $ 14,660 (c)   $ 15,484 $ 824 Nonprincipal-protected debt (b) NA   16,454 NA   NA   14,742 NA Total long-term debt NA   $ 33,065 NA   NA   $ 30,226 NA Long-term beneficial interests                   Nonprincipal-protected debt NA   $ 787 NA   NA   $ 2,162 NA Total long-term beneficial interests NA $ 787 NA   NA   $ 2,162 NA (a) There were  no  performing loans that were ninety days or more past due as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (b) Remaining contractual principal is not applicable to nonprincipal-protected notes. Unlike principal-protected structured notes, for which the Firm is obligated to return a stated amount of principal at the maturity of the note, nonprincipal-protected structured notes do not obligate the Firm to return a stated amount of principal at maturity, but to return an amount based on the performance of an underlying variable or derivative feature embedded in the note. However, investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Firm as issuer for both nonprincipal-protected and principal protected notes. (c) Where the Firm issues principal-protected zero-coupon or discount notes, the balance reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity or, if applicable, the contractual principal payment at the Firm’s next call date. At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  the contractual amount of letters of credit for which the fair value option was elected was   $4.6 billion  and  $4.5 billion ,  respectively, with a corresponding fair value of   $(94) million  and  $(147) million ,  respectively. For further information regarding off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, see Note  29. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   205 Notes to consolidated financial statements Structured note products by balance sheet classification and risk component The table below presents the fair value of the structured notes issued by the Firm, by balance sheet classification and the primary risk to which the structured notes’ embedded derivative relates.   December 31, 2015   December 31, 2014 (in millions) Long-term debt Other borrowed funds Deposits Total   Long-term debt Other borrowed funds Deposits Total Risk exposure                   Interest rate $ 12,531 $ 58 $ 3,340 $ 15,929   $ 10,858 $ 460 $ 2,119 $ 13,437 Credit 3,195 547 — 3,742   4,023 450 — 4,473 Foreign exchange 1,765 77 11 1,853   2,150 211 17 2,378 Equity 14,293 8,447 4,993 27,733   12,348 12,412 4,415 29,175 Commodity 640 50 1,981 2,671   710 644 2,012 3,366 Total structured notes $ 32,424 $ 9,179 $ 10,325 $ 51,928   $ 30,089 $ 14,177 $ 8,563 $ 52,829 206   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 5 – Credit risk concentrations Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase   regularly monitors various segments of its credit portfolios to assess potential credit risk concentrations and to obtain collateral when deemed necessary. Senior management is significantly involved in the credit approval and review process, and risk levels are adjusted as needed to reflect  the Firm’s  risk appetite. In  the Firm’s  consumer portfolio, concentrations are evaluated primarily by product and by U.S. geographic region, with a key focus on trends and concentrations at the portfolio level, where potential credit risk concentrations can be remedied through changes in underwriting policies    and portfolio guidelines. In the wholesale portfolio, credit risk concentrations are evaluated primarily by industry and monitored regularly on both an aggregate portfolio level and on an individual customer basis.  The Firm’s  wholesale exposure is managed through loan syndications and participations, loan sales, securitizations, credit derivatives, master netting agreements, and collateral and other risk-reduction techniques. For additional information on loans, see Note  14. The Firm  does not believe that its exposure to any particular loan product (e.g., option adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”)), or industry segment (e.g., commercial real estate), or its exposure to residential real estate loans with high loan-to-value ratios, results in a significant concentration of credit risk. Terms of loan products and collateral coverage are included in  the Firm’s  assessment when extending credit and establishing its allowance for loan losses.   The table below presents both on–balance sheet and off–balance sheet consumer and wholesale-related credit exposure by  the Firm’s  three credit portfolio segments as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .    2015   2014   Credit exposure On-balance sheet Off-balance sheet (f)   Credit exposure On-balance sheet Off-balance sheet (f)(g) December 31, (in millions) Loans Derivatives   Loans Derivatives Total consumer, excluding credit card   $ 403,424 $ 344,821 $ — $ 58,478   $ 353,635 $ 295,374 $ — $ 58,153 Total credit card 646,981 131,463 — 515,518   657,011 131,048 — 525,963 Total consumer 1,050,405 476,284 — 573,996   1,010,646 426,422 — 584,116 Wholesale-related (a)                   Real Estate 116,857 92,820 312 23,725   105,975 79,113 327 26,535 Consumer & Retail 85,460 27,175 1,573 56,712   83,663 25,094 1,845 56,724 Technology, Media & Telecommunications 57,382 11,079 1,032 45,271   46,655 11,362 2,190 33,103 Industrials 54,386 16,791 1,428 36,167   47,859 16,040 1,303 30,516 Healthcare 46,053 16,965 2,751 26,337   56,516 13,794 4,542 38,180 Banks & Finance Cos 43,398 20,401 10,218 12,779   55,098 23,367 15,706 16,025 Oil & Gas 42,077 13,343 1,902 26,832   43,148 15,616 1,836 25,696 Utilities 30,853 5,294 1,689 23,870   27,441 4,844 2,272 20,325 State & Municipal Govt 29,114 9,626 3,287 16,201   31,068 7,593 4,002 19,473 Asset Managers 23,815 6,703 7,733 9,379   27,488 8,043 9,386 10,059 Transportation 19,227 9,157 1,575 8,495   20,619 10,381 2,247 7,991 Central Govt 17,968 2,000 13,240 2,728   19,881 1,103 15,527 3,251 Chemicals & Plastics 15,232 4,033 369 10,830   12,612 3,087 410 9,115 Metals & Mining 14,049 4,622 607 8,820   14,969 5,628 589 8,752 Automotive 13,864 4,473 1,350 8,041   12,754 3,779 766 8,209 Insurance 11,889 1,094 1,992 8,803   13,350 1,175 3,474 8,701 Financial Markets Infrastructure 7,973 724 2,602 4,647   11,986 928 6,789 4,269 Securities Firms 4,412 861 1,424 2,127   4,801 1,025 1,351 2,425 All other (b) 149,117 109,889 4,593 34,635   134,475 92,530 4,413 37,532 Subtotal 783,126 357,050 59,677 366,399   770,358 324,502 78,975 366,881 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 3,965 3,965 — —   6,412 6,412 — — Receivables from customers and other (c) 13,372 — — —   28,972 — — — Total wholesale-related 800,463 361,015 59,677 366,399   805,742 330,914 78,975 366,881 Total exposure (d)(e) $ 1,850,868 $ 837,299 $ 59,677 $ 940,395   $ 1,816,388 $ 757,336 $ 78,975 $ 950,997 (a) Effective in the fourth quarter 2015, the Firm realigned its wholesale industry divisions in order to better monitor and manage industry concentrations. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. For additional information, see Wholesale credit portfolio on  pages 122–129 . (b) All other includes: individuals; SPEs; holding companies; and private education and civic organizations. For more information on exposures to SPEs, see Note 16. (c) Primarily consists of margin loans to prime brokerage customers that are generally over-collateralized through a pledge of assets maintained in clients’ brokerage accounts and are subject to daily minimum collateral requirements. As a result of the Firm’s credit risk mitigation practices, the Firm did not hold any reserves for credit impairment on these receivables. (d) For further information regarding on–balance sheet credit concentrations by major product and/or geography, see Note 6 and Note 14. For information regarding concentrations of off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments by major product, see Note 29. (e) Excludes cash placed with banks of  $351.0 billion  and  $501.5 billion , at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, placed with various central banks, predominantly Federal Reserve Banks. (f) Represents lending-related financial instruments. (g) Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm no longer includes within its disclosure of wholesale lending-related commitments the unused amount of advised uncommitted lines of credit as it is within the Firm’s discretion whether or not to make a loan under these lines, and the Firm’s approval is generally required prior to funding. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   207 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 6 – Derivative instruments  Derivative instruments enable end-users to modify or mitigate exposure to credit or market risks. Counterparties to a derivative contract seek to obtain risks and rewards similar to those that could be obtained from purchasing or selling a related cash instrument without having to exchange upfront the full purchase or sales price.  JPMorgan Chase  makes markets in derivatives for clients and also uses derivatives to hedge or manage its own risk exposures. Predominantly all of  the Firm’s  derivatives are entered into for market-making or risk management purposes.   Market-making derivatives   The majority of  the Firm’s  derivatives are entered into for market-making purposes. Clients use derivatives to mitigate or modify interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, equity and commodity risks.  The Firm  actively manages the risks from its exposure to these derivatives by entering into other derivative transactions or by purchasing or selling other financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure from client derivatives.  The Firm  also seeks to earn a spread between the client derivatives and offsetting positions, and from the remaining open risk positions.   Risk management derivatives   The Firm  manages its market risk exposures using various derivative instruments.   Interest rate contracts are used to minimize fluctuations in earnings that are caused by changes in interest rates. Fixed-rate assets and liabilities appreciate or depreciate in market value as interest rates change. Similarly, interest income and expense increases or decreases as a result of variable-rate assets and liabilities resetting to current market rates, and as a result of the repayment and subsequent origination or issuance of fixed-rate assets and liabilities at current market rates. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are related to such assets and liabilities are expected to substantially offset this variability in earnings.  The Firm  generally uses interest rate swaps, forwards and futures to manage the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings.   Foreign currency forward contracts are used to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency–denominated (i.e., non-U.S. dollar) assets and liabilities and forecasted transactions, as well as  the Firm’s  net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries or branches whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. As a result of fluctuations in foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar–equivalent values of the foreign currency–denominated assets and liabilities or the forecasted revenues or expenses increase or decrease. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments related to these foreign currency–denominated assets or liabilities, or forecasted transactions, are expected to substantially offset this variability.     Commodities contracts are used to manage the price risk of certain commodities inventories. Gains or losses on these derivative instruments are expected to substantially offset the depreciation or appreciation of the related inventory.  Credit derivatives are used to manage the counterparty credit risk associated with loans and lending-related commitments. Credit derivatives compensate the purchaser when the entity referenced in the contract experiences a credit event, such as bankruptcy or a failure to pay an obligation when due. Credit derivatives primarily consist of credit default swaps. For a further discussion of credit derivatives, see the discussion in the Credit derivatives section on   pages 218–220   of this Note.   For more information about risk management derivatives, see the risk management derivatives gains and losses table on   page 218   of this Note, and the hedge accounting gains and losses tables on   pages 216–218   of this Note.   Derivative counterparties and settlement types   The Firm  enters into  OTC  derivatives ,  which are negotiated and settled bilaterally with the derivative counterparty.  The Firm  also enters into, as principal, certain exchange-traded derivatives (“ETD”) such as futures and options, and “cleared” over-the-counter (“OTC-cleared”) derivative contracts with central counterparties (“CCPs”). ETD contracts are generally standardized contracts traded on an exchange and cleared by the CCP, which is the counterparty from the inception of the transactions. OTC-cleared derivatives are traded on a bilateral basis and then novated to the CCP for clearing.   Derivative Clearing Services   The Firm  provides clearing services for clients where  the Firm  acts as a clearing member with respect to certain derivative exchanges and clearing houses.  The Firm  does not reflect the clients’ derivative contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information on  the Firm’s  clearing services, see Note  29. 208   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Accounting for derivatives   All free-standing derivatives that  the Firm  executes for its own account are required to be recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value.   As permitted under U.S. GAAP , the Firm  nets derivative assets and liabilities, and the related cash collateral receivables and payables, when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists between  the Firm  and the derivative counterparty. For further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities, see Note 1. The accounting for changes in value of a derivative depends on whether or not the transaction has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are reported and measured at fair value through earnings. The tabular disclosures on   pages 212–218   of this Note provide additional information on the amount of, and reporting for, derivative assets, liabilities, gains and losses. For further discussion of derivatives embedded in structured notes, see Notes  3 and 4.  Derivatives designated as hedges   The Firm  applies hedge accounting to certain derivatives executed for risk management purposes – generally interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity derivatives. However,  JPMorgan Chase  does not seek to apply hedge accounting to all of the derivatives involved in  the Firm’s  risk management activities. For example,  the Firm  does not apply hedge accounting to purchased credit default swaps used to manage the credit risk of loans and lending-related commitments, because of the difficulties in qualifying such contracts as hedges. For the same reason,  the Firm  does not apply hedge accounting to certain interest rate, foreign exchange, and commodity derivatives used for risk management purposes.   To qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. In addition, for a derivative to be designated as a hedge, the risk management objective and strategy must be documented. Hedge documentation must identify the derivative hedging instrument, the asset or liability or forecasted transaction and type of risk to be hedged, and how the effectiveness of the derivative is assessed prospectively and retrospectively. To assess effectiveness,  the Firm  uses statistical methods such as regression analysis, as well as nonstatistical methods including dollar-value comparisons of the change in the fair value of the derivative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. The extent to which a derivative has been, and is expected to continue to be, effective at offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item must be assessed and documented at least quarterly. Any hedge ineffectiveness (i.e., the amount by which the gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument does not exactly offset the change in the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk) must be reported in current-period earnings. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued.     There are three types of hedge accounting designations: fair value hedges, cash flow hedges and net investment hedges.  JPMorgan Chase  uses fair value hedges primarily to hedge fixed-rate long-term debt, AFS securities and certain commodities inventories. For qualifying fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivative, and in the value of the hedged item for the risk being hedged, are recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the adjustment to the hedged item continues to be reported as part of the basis of the hedged item, and for benchmark interest rate hedges is amortized to earnings as a yield adjustment. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item – primarily net interest income and principal transactions revenue.   JPMorgan Chase  uses cash flow hedges primarily to hedge the exposure to variability in forecasted cash flows from floating-rate assets and liabilities and foreign currency–denominated revenue and expense. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in OCI and recognized in the Consolidated statements of income when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item – primarily interest income, interest expense, noninterest revenue and compensation expense. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the value of the derivative recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (“AOCI”) is recognized in earnings when the cash flows that were hedged affect earnings. For hedge relationships that are discontinued because a forecasted transaction is not expected to occur according to the original hedge forecast, any related derivative values recorded in AOCI are immediately recognized in earnings.   JPMorgan Chase  uses foreign currency hedges to protect the value of  the Firm’s  net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries or branches whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. For foreign currency qualifying net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded in the translation adjustments account within AOCI.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   209 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table outlines  the Firm’s  primary uses of derivatives and the related hedge accounting designation or disclosure category. Type of Derivative Use of Derivative Designation and disclosure Affected segment or unit Page reference Manage specifically identified risk exposures in qualifying hedge accounting relationships:       ◦ Interest rate Hedge fixed rate assets and liabilities Fair value hedge Corporate 216 ◦ Interest rate Hedge floating-rate assets and liabilities Cash flow hedge Corporate 217 ◦  Foreign exchange  Hedge foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities Fair value hedge Corporate 216 ◦  Foreign exchange  Hedge forecasted revenue and expense Cash flow hedge Corporate 217 ◦  Foreign exchange  Hedge the value of the Firm’s investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries Net investment hedge Corporate 218 ◦  Commodity  Hedge commodity inventory Fair value hedge CIB 216 Manage specifically identified risk exposures not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships:       ◦  Interest rate Manage the risk of the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs Specified risk management CCB 218 ◦  Credit Manage the credit risk of wholesale lending exposures Specified risk management CIB 218 ◦  Commodity Manage the risk of certain commodities-related contracts and investments Specified risk management CIB 218 ◦  Interest rate and foreign exchange Manage the risk of certain other specified assets and liabilities Specified risk management Corporate 218 Market-making derivatives and other activities:       •  Various Market-making and related risk management Market-making and other CIB 218 •  Various Other derivatives Market-making and other CIB, Corporate 218 210   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Notional amount of derivative contracts   The following table summarizes the notional amount of derivative contracts outstanding as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .   Notional amounts (b) December 31, (in billions) 2015   2014 Interest rate contracts       Swaps $ 24,162   $ 29,734 Futures and forwards 5,167   10,189 Written options 3,506   3,903 Purchased options 3,896   4,259 Total interest rate contracts 36,731   48,085 Credit derivatives (a) 2,900   4,249 Foreign exchange contracts       Cross-currency swaps 3,199   3,346 Spot, futures and forwards 5,028   4,669 Written options 690   790 Purchased options 706   780 Total foreign exchange contracts 9,623   9,585 Equity contracts       Swaps 232   206 Futures and forwards 43   50 Written options 395   432 Purchased options 326   375 Total equity contracts 996   1,063 Commodity contracts       Swaps 83   126 Spot, futures and forwards 99   193 Written options 115   181 Purchased options 112   180 Total commodity contracts 409   680 Total derivative notional amounts $ 50,659   $ 63,662 (a)  For more information on volumes and types of credit derivative contracts, see the Credit derivatives discussion on  pages 218–220  of this Note. (b)  Represents the sum of gross long and gross short third-party notional derivative contracts. While the notional amounts disclosed above give an indication of the volume of  the Firm’s  derivatives activity, the notional amounts significantly exceed, in  the Firm’s  view, the possible losses that could arise from such transactions. For most derivative transactions, the notional amount is not exchanged; it is used simply as a reference to calculate payments.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   211 Notes to consolidated financial statements Impact of derivatives on the Consolidated balance sheets   The following table summarizes information on derivative receivables and payables (before and after netting adjustments) that are reflected on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  by accounting designation (e.g., whether the derivatives were designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships or not) and contract type.   Free-standing derivative receivables and payables (a)                     Gross derivative receivables       Gross derivative payables     December 31, 2015 (in millions) Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative receivables   Net derivative receivables (b)   Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative payables   Net derivative payables (b) Trading assets and liabilities                             Interest rate $ 665,531   $ 4,080   $ 669,611   $ 26,363   $ 632,928   $ 2,238 $ 635,166   $ 10,221 Credit 51,468   —   51,468   1,423   50,529   — 50,529   1,541 Foreign exchange 179,072   803   179,875   17,177   189,397   1,503 190,900   19,769 Equity 35,859   —   35,859   5,529   38,663   — 38,663   9,183 Commodity 23,713   1,352   25,065   9,185   27,653   1 27,654   12,076 Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities $ 955,643   $ 6,235   $ 961,878   $ 59,677   $ 939,170   $ 3,742 $ 942,912   $ 52,790                                 Gross derivative receivables       Gross derivative payables     December 31, 2014 (in millions) Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative receivables   Net derivative receivables (b)   Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative payables   Net derivative payables (b) Trading assets and liabilities                             Interest rate $ 944,885 (c)   $ 5,372   $ 950,257 (c)   $ 33,725   $ 915,368 (c)   $ 3,011 $ 918,379 (c)   $ 17,745 Credit 76,842   —   76,842   1,838   75,895   — 75,895   1,593 Foreign exchange 211,537 (c)   3,650   215,187 (c)   21,253   223,988 (c)   626 224,614 (c)   22,970 Equity 42,489 (c)   —   42,489 (c)   8,177   46,262 (c)   — 46,262 (c)   11,740 Commodity 43,151   502   43,653   13,982   45,455   168 45,623   17,068 Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities $ 1,318,904 (c)   $ 9,524   $ 1,328,428 (c)   $ 78,975   $ 1,306,968 (c)   $ 3,805 $ 1,310,773 (c)   $ 71,116 (a) Balances exclude structured notes for which the fair value option has been elected. See Note 4 for further information. (b) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral receivables and payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. (c) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. These revisions had no impact on Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or its results of operations. 212   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents, as of  December 31, 2015 and 2014,  the gross and net derivative receivables by contract and settlement type. Derivative receivables have been netted on the Consolidated balance sheets against derivative payables and cash collateral payables to the same counterparty with respect to derivative contracts for which  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the receivables are not eligible under U.S. GAAP for netting on the Consolidated balance sheets, and are shown separately in the table below.     2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Gross derivative receivables Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative receivables   Gross derivative receivables   Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative receivables U.S. GAAP nettable derivative receivables                     Interest rate contracts:                     OTC $ 417,386 $ (396,506 )   $ 20,880   $ 542,107 (c)   $ (514,914 ) (c)   $ 27,193 OTC–cleared 246,750 (246,742 )   8   401,656   (401,618 )   38 Exchange-traded (a) — —   —   —   —   — Total interest rate contracts 664,136 (643,248 )   20,888   943,763 (c)   (916,532 ) (c)   27,231 Credit contracts:                     OTC 44,082 (43,182 )   900   66,636   (65,720 )   916 OTC–cleared 6,866 (6,863 )   3   9,320   (9,284 )   36 Total credit contracts 50,948 (50,045 )   903   75,956   (75,004 )   952 Foreign exchange contracts:                     OTC 175,060 (162,377 )   12,683   208,803 (c)   (193,900 ) (c)   14,903 OTC–cleared 323 (321 )   2   36   (34 )   2 Exchange-traded (a) — —   —   —   —   — Total foreign exchange contracts 175,383 (162,698 )   12,685   208,839 (c)   (193,934 ) (c)   14,905 Equity contracts:                     OTC 20,690 (20,439 )   251   23,258   (22,826 )   432 OTC–cleared — —   —   —   —   — Exchange-traded (a) 12,285 (9,891 )   2,394   13,840 (c)   (11,486 ) (c)   2,354 Total equity contracts 32,975 (30,330 )   2,645   37,098 (c)   (34,312 ) (c)   2,786 Commodity contracts:                     OTC 15,001 (6,772 )   8,229   22,555   (14,327 )   8,228 OTC–cleared — —   —   —   —   — Exchange-traded (a) 9,199 (9,108 )   91   19,500   (15,344 )   4,156 Total commodity contracts 24,200 (15,880 )   8,320   42,055   (29,671 )   12,384 Derivative receivables with appropriate legal opinion $ 947,642 $ (902,201 ) (b)   $ 45,441   $ 1,307,711 (c)   $ (1,249,453 ) (b)(c)   $ 58,258 Derivative receivables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 14,236     14,236   20,717       20,717 Total derivative receivables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets $ 961,878     $ 59,677   $ 1,328,428 (c)       $ 78,975 (a) Exchange-traded derivative amounts that relate to futures contracts are settled daily. (b) Included cash collateral netted of  $73.7 billion  and  $74.0 billion  at December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. (c) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. These revisions had no impact on Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or its results of operations. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   213 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents, as of  December 31, 2015 and 2014,  the gross and net derivative payables by contract and settlement type. Derivative payables have been netted on the Consolidated balance sheets against derivative receivables and cash collateral receivables from the same counterparty with respect to derivative contracts for which  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the payables are not eligible under U.S. GAAP for netting on the Consolidated balance sheets, and are shown separately in the table below.     2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Gross derivative payables Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative payables   Gross derivative payables   Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative payables U.S. GAAP nettable derivative payables                     Interest rate contracts:                     OTC $ 393,709 $ (384,576 )   $ 9,133   $ 515,904 (c)   $ (503,384 ) (c)   $ 12,520 OTC–cleared 240,398 (240,369 )   29   398,518   (397,250 )   1,268 Exchange-traded (a) — —   —   —   —   — Total interest rate contracts 634,107 (624,945 )   9,162   914,422 (c)   (900,634 ) (c)   13,788 Credit contracts:                     OTC 44,379 (43,019 )   1,360   65,432   (64,904 )   528 OTC–cleared 5,969 (5,969 )   —   9,398   (9,398 )   — Total credit contracts 50,348 (48,988 )   1,360   74,830   (74,302 )   528 Foreign exchange contracts:                     OTC 185,178 (170,830 )   14,348   217,998 (c)   (201,578 ) (c)   16,420 OTC–cleared 301 (301 )   —   66   (66 )   — Exchange-traded (a) — —   —   —   —   — Total foreign exchange contracts 185,479 (171,131 )   14,348   218,064 (c)   (201,644 ) (c)   16,420 Equity contracts:                     OTC 23,458 (19,589 )   3,869   27,908   (23,036 )   4,872 OTC–cleared — —   —   —   —   — Exchange-traded (a) 10,998 (9,891 )   1,107   12,864 (c)   (11,486 ) (c)   1,378 Total equity contracts 34,456 (29,480 )   4,976   40,772 (c)   (34,522 ) (c)   6,250 Commodity contracts:                     OTC 16,953 (6,256 )   10,697   25,129   (13,211 )   11,918 OTC–cleared — —   —   —   —   — Exchange-traded (a) 9,374 (9,322 )   52   18,486   (15,344 )   3,142 Total commodity contracts 26,327 (15,578 )   10,749   43,615   (28,555 )   15,060 Derivative payables with appropriate legal opinions $ 930,717 $ (890,122 ) (b)   $ 40,595   $ 1,291,703 (c)   $ (1,239,657 ) (b)(c)   $ 52,046 Derivative payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 12,195     12,195   19,070       19,070 Total derivative payables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets $ 942,912     $ 52,790   $ 1,310,773 (c)       $ 71,116 (a) Exchange-traded derivative balances that relate to futures contracts are settled daily. (b) Included cash collateral netted of  $61.6 billion  and  $64.2 billion  related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives at December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. (c) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. These revisions had no impact on Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or its results of operations. In addition to the cash collateral received and transferred that is presented on a net basis with net derivative receivables and payables,  the Firm  receives and transfers additional collateral (financial instruments and cash). These amounts mitigate counterparty credit risk associated with  the Firm’s  derivative instruments but are not eligible for net presentation, because (a) the collateral consists of   non-cash financial instruments (generally U.S. government and    agency securities and other Group of Seven Nations (“G7”) government bonds), (b) the amount of collateral held or transferred exceeds the fair value exposure, at the individual counterparty level, as of the date presented, or (c) the collateral relates to derivative receivables or payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained.   214   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following tables present information regarding certain financial instrument collateral received and transferred as of  December 31, 2015 and 2014,  that is not eligible for net presentation under U.S. GAAP. The collateral included in these tables relates only to the derivative instruments for which appropriate legal opinions have been obtained; excluded are (i) additional collateral that exceeds the fair value exposure and (ii) all collateral related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained.   Derivative receivable collateral             2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Net derivative receivables Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets   Net exposure   Net derivative receivables Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets   Net exposure Derivative receivables with appropriate legal opinions $ 45,441 $ (13,543 ) (a)   $ 31,898   $ 58,258 $ (16,194 ) (a)   $ 42,064 Derivative payable collateral (b)             2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Net derivative payables Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets   Net amount (c)   Net derivative payables Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets   Net amount (c) Derivative payables with appropriate legal opinions $ 40,595 $ (7,957 ) (a)   $ 32,638   $ 52,046 $ (10,505 ) (a)   $ 41,541 (a) Represents liquid security collateral as well as cash collateral held at third party custodians. For some counterparties, the collateral amounts of financial instruments may exceed the derivative receivables and derivative payables balances. Where this is the case, the total amount reported is limited to the net derivative receivables and net derivative payables balances with that counterparty. (b) Derivative payables collateral relates only to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative instruments. Amounts exclude collateral transferred related to exchange-traded derivative instruments. (c) Net amount represents exposure of counterparties to the Firm. Liquidity risk and credit-related contingent features   In addition to the specific market risks introduced by each derivative contract type, derivatives expose  JPMorgan Chase  to credit risk — the risk that derivative counterparties may fail to meet their payment obligations under the derivative contracts and the collateral, if any, held by  the Firm  proves to be of insufficient value to cover the payment obligation. It is the policy of  JPMorgan Chase  to actively pursue, where possible, the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements to mitigate derivative counterparty credit risk. The amount of derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets is the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held by  the Firm. While derivative receivables expose  the Firm  to credit risk, derivative payables expose  the Firm  to liquidity risk, as the derivative contracts typically require  the Firm  to post cash or securities collateral with counterparties as the fair value of the contracts moves in the counterparties’ favor or upon specified downgrades in  the Firm’s and  its subsidiaries’ respective credit ratings. Certain derivative contracts also provide for termination of the contract, generally upon a downgrade of either  the Firm  or the counterparty, at the fair value of the derivative contracts. The following table shows the aggregate fair value of net derivative payables related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives that contain contingent collateral or termination features that may be triggered upon a ratings downgrade, and the associated collateral  the Firm  has posted in the normal course of business, at  December 31, 2015 and 2014.   OTC and OTC-cleared derivative payables containing downgrade triggers December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Aggregate fair value of net derivative payables $ 22,328 $ 32,303 Collateral posted 18,942 27,585 The following table shows the impact of a single-notch and two-notch downgrade of the long-term issuer ratings of  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  and its subsidiaries , predominantly JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”),  at  December 31, 2015 and 2014,  related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative contracts with contingent collateral or termination features that may be triggered upon a ratings downgrade. Derivatives contracts generally require additional collateral to be posted or terminations to be triggered when the predefined threshold rating is breached. A downgrade by a single rating agency that does not result in a rating lower than a preexisting corresponding rating provided by another major rating agency will generally not result in additional collateral (except in certain instances in which additional initial margin may be required upon a ratings downgrade), nor in termination payments requirements. The liquidity impact in the table is calculated based upon a downgrade below the lowest current rating by the rating agencies referred to in the derivative contract.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   215 Notes to consolidated financial statements Liquidity impact of downgrade triggers on OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives   2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade   Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade Amount of additional collateral to be posted upon downgrade (a) $ 807 $ 3,028   $ 1,046 $ 3,331 Amount required to settle contracts with termination triggers upon downgrade (b) 271 1,093   366 1,388 (a) Includes the additional collateral to be posted for initial margin. (b) Amounts represent fair values of derivative payables, and do not reflect collateral posted. Derivatives executed in contemplation of a sale of the underlying financial asset In certain instances the Firm enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets but maintains the economic exposure to the transferred assets by entering into a derivative with the same counterparty in contemplation of the initial transfer. The Firm generally accounts for such transfers as collateralized financing transactions as described in Note 13, but in limited circumstances they may qualify to be accounted for as a sale and a derivative under U.S. GAAP. The amount of such transfers accounted for as a sale where the associated derivative was outstanding at December 31, 2015 was not material. Impact of derivatives on the Consolidated statements of income The following tables provide information related to gains and losses recorded on derivatives based on their hedge accounting   designation or purpose.   Fair value hedge gains and losses   The following tables present derivative instruments, by contract type, used in fair value hedge accounting relationships, as well as pretax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives and the related hedged items for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  respectively.  The Firm  includes gains/(losses) on the hedging derivative and the related hedged item in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income.     Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (d) Excluded components (e) Contract type                   Interest rate (a) $ 38   $ 911   $ 949   $ 3   $ 946 Foreign exchange (b) 6,030   (6,006 )   24   —   24 Commodity (c) 1,153   (1,142 )   11   (13 )   24 Total $ 7,221   $ (6,237 )   $ 984   $ (10 )   $ 994                       Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2014 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (d) Excluded components (e) Contract type                   Interest rate (a) $ 2,106   $ (801 )   $ 1,305   $ 131   $ 1,174 Foreign exchange (b) 8,279   (8,532 )   (253 )   —   (253 ) Commodity (c) 49   145   194   42   152 Total $ 10,434   $ (9,188 )   $ 1,246   $ 173   $ 1,073                       Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (d) Excluded components (e) Contract type                   Interest rate (a) $ (3,469 )   $ 4,851   $ 1,382   $ (132 )   $ 1,514 Foreign exchange (b) (1,096 )   864   (232 )   —   (232 ) Commodity (c) 485   (1,304 )   (819 )   38   (857 ) Total $ (4,080 )   $ 4,411   $ 331   $ (94 )   $ 425 (a) Primarily consists of hedges of the benchmark (e.g., London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)) interest rate risk of fixed-rate long-term debt and AFS securities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income.  (b) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of long-term debt and AFS securities for changes in spot foreign currency rates. Gains and losses related to the derivatives and the hedged items, due to changes in foreign currency rates, were recorded primarily in principal transactions revenue and net interest income. 216   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report (c) Consists of overall fair value hedges of physical commodities inventories that are generally carried at the lower of cost or market (market approximates fair value). Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. (d) Hedge ineffectiveness is the amount by which the gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument does not exactly offset the gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. (e) The assessment of hedge effectiveness excludes certain components of the changes in fair values of the derivatives and hedged items such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts and time values.  Cash flow hedge gains and losses   The following tables present derivative instruments, by contract type, used in cash flow hedge accounting relationships, and the pretax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives, for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  respectively.  The Firm  includes the gain/(loss) on the hedging derivative and the change in cash flows on the hedged item in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income.       Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss)   Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI Total change  in OCI  for period Contract type                           Interest rate (a)   $ (99 )     $ —     $ (99 )   $ (44 )   $ 55   Foreign exchange (b)   (81 )     —     (81 )   (53 )   28   Total   $ (180 )     $ —     $ (180 )   $ (97 )   $ 83       Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss)   Year ended December 31, 2014 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI Total change  in OCI  for period Contract type                           Interest rate (a)   $ (54 )     $ —     $ (54 )   $ 189   $ 243   Foreign exchange (b)   78     —     78   (91 )   (169 )   Total   $ 24     $ —     $ 24   $ 98   $ 74                                   Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss)   Year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI   Total change  in OCI  for period   Contract type                           Interest rate (a)   $ (108 )     $ —     $ (108 )   $ (565 )   $ (457 )   Foreign exchange (b)   7     —     7   40   33   Total   $ (101 )     $ —     $ (101 )   $ (525 )   $ (424 )   (a) Primarily consists of benchmark interest rate hedges of LIBOR-indexed floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income, and for the forecasted transactions that the Firm determined during the year ended December 31, 2015, were probable of not occurring, in other income. (b) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenue and expense. The income statement classification of gains and losses follows the hedged item – primarily noninterest revenue and compensation expense. (c) Hedge ineffectiveness is the amount by which the cumulative gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument exceeds the present value of the cumulative expected change in cash flows on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   217 Notes to consolidated financial statements In 2015, the Firm reclassified approximately  $150 million  of net losses from AOCI to other income because the Firm determined that it was probable that the forecasted interest payment cash flows would not occur as a result of the planned reduction in wholesale non-operating deposits. The Firm did not experience any forecasted transactions that failed to occur for the years ended December 31, 2014 or 2013. Over the next 12 months,  the Firm  expects that  approximately  $95 million   (after-tax) of net losses recorded in AOCI at   December 31, 2015 ,  related to cash flow hedges, will be recognized in income. For terminated cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are remaining is approximately   7 years . For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately  2 years . The Firm’s longer-dated forecasted transactions relate to core lending and borrowing activities. Net investment hedge gains and losses   The following table presents hedging instruments, by contract type, that were used in net investment hedge accounting relationships, and the pretax gains/(losses) recorded on such instruments for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 .   Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss)   2015   2014   2013 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI   Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI   Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI Foreign exchange derivatives $(379) $1,885   $(448) $1,698   $(383) $773 (a) Certain components of hedging derivatives are permitted to be excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts. Amounts related to excluded components are recorded in other income. The Firm measures the ineffectiveness of net investment hedge accounting relationships based on changes in spot foreign currency rates and, therefore, there was no significant ineffectiveness for net investment hedge accounting relationships during  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Gains and losses on derivatives used for specified risk management purposes   The following table presents pretax gains/(losses) recorded on a limited number of derivatives, not designated in hedge accounting relationships, that are used to manage risks associated with certain specified assets and liabilities, including certain risks arising from the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans, MSRs, wholesale lending exposures, AFS securities, foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, and commodities-related contracts and investments.     Derivatives gains/(losses)  recorded in income Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Contract type       Interest rate (a) $ 853 $ 2,308 $ 617 Credit (b) 70 (58 ) (142 ) Foreign exchange (c) 25 (7 ) 1 Commodity (d) (12 ) 156 178 Total $ 936 $ 2,399 $ 654 (a) Primarily represents interest rate derivatives used to hedge the interest rate risk inherent in the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs, as well as written commitments to originate warehouse loans. Gains and losses were recorded predominantly in mortgage fees and related income. (b) Relates to credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk associated with lending exposures in the Firm’s wholesale businesses. These derivatives do not include credit derivatives used to mitigate counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables, which is included in gains and losses on derivatives related to market-making activities and other derivatives. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue.   (c) Primarily relates to hedges of the foreign exchange risk of specified foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. (d) Primarily relates to commodity derivatives used to mitigate energy price risk associated with energy-related contracts and investments. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. Gains and losses on derivatives related to market-making activities and other derivatives   The Firm  makes markets in derivatives in order to meet the needs of customers and uses derivatives to manage certain risks associated with net open risk positions from  the Firm’s  market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. All derivatives not included in the hedge accounting or specified risk management categories above are included in this category. Gains and losses on these derivatives are primarily recorded in principal transactions revenue. See Note  7  for information on principal transactions revenue.   218   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Credit derivatives   Credit derivatives are financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity) and which allow one party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Credit derivatives expose the protection purchaser to the creditworthiness of the protection seller, as the protection seller is required to make payments under the contract when the reference entity experiences a credit event, such as a bankruptcy, a failure to pay its obligation or a restructuring. The seller of credit protection receives a premium for providing protection but has the risk that the underlying instrument referenced in the contract will be subject to a credit event.   The Firm  is both a purchaser and seller of protection in the credit derivatives market and uses these derivatives for two primary purposes. First, in its capacity as a market-maker,  the Firm  actively manages a portfolio of credit derivatives by purchasing and selling credit protection, predominantly on corporate debt obligations, to meet the needs of customers. Second, as an end-user,  the Firm  uses credit derivatives to manage credit risk associated with lending exposures (loans and unfunded commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposures in  the Firm’s  wholesale businesses, and to manage the credit risk arising from certain financial instruments in  the Firm’s  market-making businesses. Following is a summary of various types of credit derivatives.   Credit default swaps   Credit derivatives may reference the credit of either a single reference entity (“single-name”) or a broad-based index.  The Firm  purchases and sells protection on both single- name and index-reference obligations. Single-name CDS and index CDS contracts are either OTC or OTC-cleared derivative contracts. Single-name CDS are used to manage the default risk of a single reference entity, while index CDS contracts are used to manage the credit risk associated with the broader credit markets or credit market segments. Like the S&P 500 and other market indices, a CDS index consists of a portfolio of CDS across many reference entities. New series of CDS indices are periodically established with a new underlying portfolio of reference entities to reflect changes in the credit markets. If one of the reference entities in the index experiences a credit event, then the reference entity that defaulted is removed from the index. CDS can also be referenced against specific portfolios of reference names or against customized exposure levels based on specific client demands: for example, to provide protection against the first   $1 million   of realized credit losses in a   $10 million   portfolio of exposure. Such structures are commonly known as tranche CDS.     For both single-name CDS contracts and index CDS contracts, upon the occurrence of a credit event, under the terms of a CDS contract neither party to the CDS contract has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value of the reference obligation at settlement of the credit derivative contract, also known as the recovery value. The protection purchaser does not need to hold the debt instrument of the underlying reference entity in order to receive amounts due under the CDS contract when a credit event occurs.   Credit-related notes   A credit-related note is a funded credit derivative where the issuer of the credit-related note purchases from the note investor credit protection on a reference entity or an index. Under the contract, the investor pays the issuer the par value of the note at the inception of the transaction, and in return, the issuer pays periodic payments to the investor, based on the credit risk of the referenced entity. The issuer also repays the investor the par value of the note at maturity unless the reference entity (or one of the entities that makes up a reference index) experiences a specified credit event. If a credit event occurs, the issuer is not obligated to repay the par value of the note, but rather, the issuer pays the investor the difference between the par value of the note and the fair value of the defaulted reference obligation at the time of settlement. Neither party to the credit-related note has recourse to the defaulting reference entity. The following tables present a summary of the notional amounts of credit derivatives and credit-related notes  the Firm  sold and purchased as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .  Upon a credit event,  the Firm  as a seller of protection would typically pay out only a percentage of the full notional amount of net protection sold, as the amount actually required to be paid on the contracts takes into account the recovery value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement.  The Firm  manages the credit risk on contracts to sell protection by purchasing protection with identical or similar underlying reference entities. Other purchased protection referenced in the following tables includes credit derivatives bought on related, but not identical, reference positions (including indices, portfolio coverage and other reference points) as well as protection purchased through credit-related notes.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   219 Notes to consolidated financial statements The Firm  does not use notional amounts of credit derivatives as the primary measure of risk management for such derivatives, because the notional amount does not take into account the probability of the occurrence of a credit event, the recovery value of the reference obligation, or related cash instruments and economic hedges, each of which reduces, in  the Firm’s  view, the risks associated with such derivatives.   Total credit derivatives and credit-related notes   Maximum payout/Notional amount     Protection sold   Protection purchased with identical underlyings (b) Net protection (sold)/purchased (c) Other protection purchased (d)   December 31, 2015  (in millions)   Credit derivatives                 Credit default swaps $ (1,386,071 )     $ 1,402,201   $ 16,130 $ 12,011   Other credit derivatives (a) (42,738 )     38,158   (4,580 ) 18,792   Total credit derivatives (1,428,809 )     1,440,359   11,550 30,803   Credit-related notes (30 )     —   (30 ) 4,715   Total $ (1,428,839 )     $ 1,440,359   $ 11,520 $ 35,518                       Maximum payout/Notional amount     Protection sold   Protection purchased with identical underlyings (b) Net protection (sold)/purchased (c) Other protection purchased (d)   December 31, 2014 (in millions)   Credit derivatives                 Credit default swaps $ (2,056,982 )     $ 2,078,096   $ 21,114 $ 18,631   Other credit derivatives (a) (43,281 )     32,048   (11,233 ) 19,475   Total credit derivatives (2,100,263 )     2,110,144   9,881 38,106   Credit-related notes (40 )     —   (40 ) 3,704   Total $ (2,100,303 )     $ 2,110,144   $ 9,841 $ 41,810     (a) Other credit derivatives predominantly consists of credit swap options. (b) Represents the total notional amount of protection purchased where the underlying reference instrument is identical to the reference instrument on protection sold; the notional amount of protection purchased for each individual identical underlying reference instrument may be greater or lower than the notional amount of protection sold. (c) Does not take into account the fair value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement, which would generally reduce the amount the seller of protection pays to the buyer of protection in determining settlement value.  (d) Represents protection purchased by the Firm on referenced instruments (single-name, portfolio or index) where the Firm has not sold any protection on the identical reference instrument. The following tables summarize the notional amounts by the ratings and maturity profile, and the total fair value, of credit derivatives and credit-related notes as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  where   JPMorgan Chase   is the seller of protection. The maturity profile is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the credit derivative contracts. The ratings profile is based on the rating of the reference entity on which the credit derivative contract is based. The ratings and maturity profile of credit derivatives and credit-related notes where  JPMorgan Chase  is the purchaser of protection are comparable to the profile reflected below.   Protection sold – credit derivatives and credit-related notes ratings (a) /maturity profile           December 31, 2015 (in millions) <1 year   1–5 years   >5 years   Total notional amount   Fair value of receivables (b)   Fair value of payables (b)   Net fair value   Risk rating of reference entity                             Investment-grade $ (307,211 )   $ (699,227 )   $ (46,970 )   $ (1,053,408 )   $ 13,539   $ (6,836 )   $ 6,703   Noninvestment-grade (109,195 )   (245,151 )   (21,085 )   (375,431 )   10,823   (18,891 )   (8,068 )   Total $ (416,406 )   $ (944,378 )   $ (68,055 )   $ (1,428,839 )   $ 24,362   $ (25,727 )   $ (1,365 )   December 31, 2014 (in millions) <1 year   1–5 years   >5 years   Total notional amount   Fair value of receivables (b)   Fair value of payables (b)   Net fair value   Risk rating of reference entity                             Investment-grade $ (323,398 )   $ (1,118,293 )   $ (79,486 )   $ (1,521,177 )   $ 25,767   $ (6,314 )   $ 19,453   Noninvestment-grade (157,281 )   (396,798 )   (25,047 )   (579,126 )   20,677   (22,455 )   (1,778 )   Total $ (480,679 )   $ (1,515,091 )   $ (104,533 )   $ (2,100,303 )   $ 46,444   $ (28,769 )   $ 17,675   (a) The ratings scale is primarily based on external credit ratings defined by S&P and Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”). (b) Amounts are shown on a gross basis, before the benefit of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received by the Firm.  220   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 7 – Noninterest revenue Investment banking fees   This revenue category includes equity and debt underwriting and advisory fees. Underwriting fees are recognized as revenue when  the Firm  has rendered all services to the issuer and is entitled to collect the fee from the issuer, as long as there are no other contingencies associated with the fee. Underwriting fees are net of syndicate expense;  the Firm  recognizes credit arrangement and syndication fees as revenue after satisfying certain retention, timing and yield criteria. Advisory fees are recognized as revenue when the related services have been performed and the fee has been earned.   The following table presents the components of investment banking fees.   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Underwriting           Equity $ 1,408   $ 1,571   $ 1,499 Debt 3,232   3,340   3,537 Total underwriting 4,640   4,911   5,036 Advisory 2,111   1,631   1,318 Total investment banking fees $ 6,751   $ 6,542   $ 6,354 Principal transactions   Principal transactions revenue consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivatives and other instruments (including those accounted for under the fair value option) primarily used in client-driven market-making activities and on private equity investments. In connection with its client-driven market-making activities,  the Firm  transacts in debt and equity instruments, derivatives and commodities (including physical commodities inventories and financial instruments that reference commodities).   Principal transactions revenue also includes realized and unrealized gains and losses related to hedge accounting and specified risk-management activities, including: (a) certain derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk), (b) certain derivatives used for specific risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit risk, foreign exchange risk and commodity risk, and (c) other derivatives. For further information on the income statement classification of gains and losses from derivatives activities, see Note  6. In the financial commodity markets,  the Firm  transacts in OTC derivatives (e.g., swaps, forwards, options) and exchange-traded derivatives that reference a wide range of underlying commodities.  In the physical commodity markets, the Firm primarily purchases and sells precious and base metals and may hold other commodities inventories under financing and other arrangements with clients. Prior to the 2014 sale of certain parts of its physical commodity business, the Firm also engaged in the   purchase, sale, transport and storage of power, gas,   liquefied natural gas, coal, crude oil and refined products.   Physical commodities inventories are generally carried at the lower of cost or market (market approximates fair value) subject to any applicable fair value hedge accounting adjustments, with realized gains and losses and unrealized losses recorded in principal transactions revenue.   The following table presents all realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in principal transactions revenue. This table excludes interest income and interest expense on trading assets and liabilities, which are an integral part of the overall performance of  the Firm’s  client-driven market-making activities. See Note  8  for further information on interest income and interest expense. Trading revenue is presented primarily by instrument type.  The Firm’s  client-driven market-making businesses generally utilize a variety of instrument types in connection with their market-making and related risk-management activities; accordingly, the trading revenue presented in the table below is not representative of the total revenue of any individual line of business.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Trading revenue by instrument type           Interest rate $ 1,933   $ 1,362   $ 284 Credit 1,735   1,880   2,654 Foreign exchange 2,557   1,556   1,801 Equity 2,990   2,563   2,517 Commodity (a) 842   1,663   2,083 Total trading revenue 10,057   9,024   9,339 Private equity gains (b) 351   1,507   802 Principal transactions $ 10,408   $ 10,531   $ 10,141 (a) Commodity derivatives are frequently used to manage the Firm’s risk exposure to its physical commodities inventories. For gains/(losses) related to commodity fair value hedges, see Note 6. (b) Includes revenue on private equity investments held in the Private Equity business within Corporate, as well as those held in other business segments. Lending- and deposit-related fees   This revenue category includes fees from loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, deposit-related fees in lieu of compensating balances, cash management-related activities or transactions, deposit accounts and other loan-servicing activities. These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided.   Asset management, administration and commissions   This revenue category includes fees from investment management and related services, custody, brokerage services, insurance premiums and commissions, and other products.  These fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided.  Performance-based fees, which are earned based on exceeding certain benchmarks or other performance targets, are accrued and recognized at the end of the performance period in which the target is met. The Firm  has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide certain services in connection with its asset management activities. Amounts paid to third- JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   221 Notes to consolidated financial statements party service providers are predominantly expensed, such that asset management fees are recorded gross of payments made to third parties.   The following table presents Firmwide asset management, administration and commissions.  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Asset management fees           Investment management fees (a) $ 9,403   $ 9,169   $ 8,044 All other asset management fees (b) 352   477   505 Total asset management fees 9,755   9,646   8,549             Total administration fees (c) 2,015   2,179   2,101             Commissions and other fees           Brokerage commissions 2,304   2,270   2,321 All other commissions and fees 1,435   1,836   2,135 Total commissions and fees 3,739   4,106   4,456 Total asset management, administration and commissions $ 15,509   $ 15,931   $ 15,106 (a) Represents fees earned from managing assets on behalf of the Firm’s clients, including investors in Firm-sponsored funds and owners of separately managed investment accounts. (b) Represents fees for services that are ancillary to investment management services, such as commissions earned on the sales or distribution of mutual funds to clients. (c) Predominantly includes fees for custody, securities lending, funds services and securities clearance. Mortgage fees and related income This revenue category primarily reflects  CCB’s Mortgage Banking production and servicing  revenue, including fees and income derived from mortgages originated with the intent to sell; mortgage sales and servicing including losses related to the repurchase of previously sold loans; the impact of risk-management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs; and revenue related to any residual interests held from mortgage securitizations. This revenue category also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments for mortgage loans held-for-sale, as well as changes in fair value for mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell and measured at fair value under the fair value option. Changes in the fair value of  CCB  MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income. Net interest income from mortgage loans is recorded in interest income. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Note  17.   Card income This revenue category includes interchange income from credit and debit cards and net fees earned from processing credit card transactions for merchants. Card income is recognized as earned. Cost related to rewards programs is recorded when the rewards are earned by the customer and presented as a reduction to interchange income. Annual fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over a   12 -month period.   Credit card revenue sharing agreements The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous co-brand partners and affinity organizations (collectively, “partners”), which grant the Firm exclusive rights to market to the customers or members of such partners. These partners endorse the credit card programs and provide their customer and member lists to the Firm, and they may also conduct marketing activities and provide awards under the various credit card programs. The terms of these agreements generally range from  three  to  ten  years. The Firm typically makes incentive payments to the partners based on new account originations, sales volumes and the cost of the partners’ marketing activities and awards. Payments based on new account originations are accounted for as direct loan origination costs. Payments to partners based on sales volumes are deducted from interchange income as the related revenue is earned. Payments based on marketing efforts undertaken by the partners are expensed by the Firm as incurred and reported as noninterest expense. Other income Other income on the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income included the following:  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Operating lease income $ 2,081   $ 1,699   $ 1,472 Gain from sale of Visa B shares —   —   1,310 222   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 8 – Interest income and Interest expense Interest income and interest expense are recorded in the Consolidated statements of income and classified based on the nature of the underlying asset or liability. Interest income and interest expense includes the current-period interest accruals for financial instruments measured at fair value, except for financial instruments containing embedded derivatives that would be separately accounted for in accordance with U.S. GAAP absent the fair value option election; for those instruments, all changes in fair value, including any interest elements, are reported in principal transactions revenue. For financial instruments that are not measured at fair value, the related interest is included within interest income or interest expense, as applicable.   Details of interest income and interest expense were as follows.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Interest Income       Loans $ 33,134 $ 32,218 $ 33,489  Taxable securities 6,550 7,617 6,916  Non taxable securities (a) 1,706 1,423 896 Total securities 8,256 9,040 7,812 Trading assets 6,621 7,312 8,099 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 1,592 1,642 1,940 Securities borrowed (b) (532 ) (501 ) (127 ) Deposits with banks 1,250 1,157 918 Other assets (c) 652 663 538 Total interest income $ 50,973 $ 51,531 $ 52,669 Interest expense       Interest bearing deposits $ 1,252 $ 1,633 $ 2,067 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 609 604 582 Commercial paper 110 134 112 Trading liabilities - debt, short-term and other liabilities 622 712 1,104 Long-term debt 4,435 4,409 5,007 Beneficial interest issued by consolidated VIEs 435 405 478 Total interest expense $ 7,463 $ 7,897 $ 9,350 Net interest income $ 43,510 $ 43,634 $ 43,319 Provision for credit losses 3,827 3,139 225 Net interest income after provision for credit losses $ 39,683 $ 40,495 $ 43,094 (a) Represents securities which are tax exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. (b) Negative interest income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, is a result of increased client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates; this is matched book activity and the negative interest expense on the corresponding securities loaned is recognized in interest expense. (c) Largely margin loans. (d) Includes brokerage customer payables.   Note 9 – Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans  The Firm has various defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit (“OPEB”) plans that provide benefits to its employees. These plans are discussed below. Defined benefit pension plans The Firm has a qualified noncontributory U.S. defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to substantially all U.S. employees. The U.S. plan employs a cash balance formula in the form of pay and interest credits to determine the benefits to be provided at retirement, based on years of service and eligible compensation (generally base salary/regular pay and variable incentive compensation capped at $100,000 annually). Employees begin to accrue plan benefits after completing  one year  of service, and benefits generally vest after  three years  of service. The Firm also offers benefits through defined benefit pension plans to qualifying employees in certain non-U.S. locations based on factors such as eligible compensation, age and/or years of service. It is the Firm’s policy to fund the pension plans in amounts sufficient to meet the requirements under applicable laws. The Firm does not anticipate at this time any contribution to the U.S. defined benefit pension plan in  2016 . The  2016  contributions to the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are expected to be  $47 million  of which  $31 million  are contractually required. JPMorgan Chase also has a number of defined benefit pension plans that are not subject to Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The most significant of these plans is the Excess Retirement Plan, pursuant to which certain employees previously earned pay credits on compensation amounts above the maximum stipulated by law under a qualified plan; no further pay credits are allocated under this plan. The Excess Retirement Plan had an unfunded projected benefit obligation (“PBO”) in the amount of  $237 million  and  $257 million , at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. Defined contribution plans JPMorgan Chase currently provides two qualified defined contribution plans in the U.S. and other similar arrangements in certain non-U.S. locations, all of which are administered in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations. The most significant of these plans is the JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan (the “401(k) Savings Plan”), which covers substantially all U.S. employees. Employees can contribute to the 401(k) Savings Plan on a pretax and/or Roth 401(k) after-tax basis. The JPMorgan Chase Common Stock Fund, which is an investment option under the 401(k) Savings Plan, is a nonleveraged employee stock ownership plan. The Firm matches eligible employee contributions up to  5%  of eligible compensation (generally base salary/regular pay and variable incentive compensation) on an annual basis.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   223 Notes to consolidated financial statements Employees begin to receive matching contributions after completing a  one -year-of-service requirement. Employees with total annual cash compensation of  $250,000  or more are not eligible for matching contributions. Matching contributions vest after  three years  of service. The 401(k) Savings Plan also permits discretionary profit-sharing contributions by participating companies for certain employees, subject to a specified vesting schedule. OPEB plans JPMorgan Chase offers postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain retirees and postretirement medical benefits to qualifying U.S. employees. These benefits vary with the length of service and the date of hire and provide for limits on the Firm’s share of covered medical benefits. The medical and life insurance benefits are both contributory. Effective January 1, 2015, there was    a transition of certain Medicare eligible retirees from JPMC group sponsored coverage to Medicare exchanges. As a result of this change, eligible retirees will receive a Healthcare Reimbursement Account amount each year if they enroll through the Medicare exchange. The impact of this change was not material. Postretirement medical benefits also are offered to qualifying United Kingdom (“U.K.”) employees. JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. OPEB obligation is funded with corporate-owned life insurance (“COLI”) purchased on the lives of eligible employees and retirees. While the Firm owns the COLI policies, COLI proceeds (death benefits, withdrawals and other distributions) may be used only to reimburse the Firm for its net postretirement benefit claim payments and related administrative expense. The U.K. OPEB plan is unfunded. The following table presents the changes in benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status amounts reported on the Consolidated balance sheets for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.   Defined benefit pension plans     As of or for the year ended December 31, U.S.   Non-U.S.   OPEB plans (d) (in millions) 2015   2014   2015   2014   2015   2014 Change in benefit obligation                       Benefit obligation, beginning of year $ (12,536 )   $ (10,776 )   $ (3,640 )   $ (3,433 )   $ (842 )   $ (826 ) Benefits earned during the year (340 )   (281 )   (37 )   (33 )   (1 )   — Interest cost on benefit obligations (498 )   (534 )   (112 )   (137 )   (31 )   (38 ) Plan amendments —   (53 )   —   —   —   — Special termination benefits —   —   (1 )   (1 )   —   — Curtailments —   —   —   —   —   (3 ) Employee contributions NA   NA   (7 )   (7 )   (25 )   (62 ) Net gain/(loss) 702   (1,669 )   146   (408 )   71   (58 ) Benefits paid 760   777   120   119   88   145 Expected Medicare Part D subsidy receipts NA   NA   NA   NA   (6 )   (2 ) Foreign exchange impact and other —   —   184   260   2   2 Benefit obligation, end of year $ (11,912 )   $ (12,536 )   $ (3,347 )   $ (3,640 )   $ (744 )   $ (842 ) Change in plan assets                       Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year $ 14,623   $ 14,354   $ 3,718   $ 3,532   $ 1,903   $ 1,757 Actual return on plan assets 231   1,010   52   518   13   159 Firm contributions 31   36   45   46   2   3 Employee contributions —   —   7   7   —   — Benefits paid (760 )   (777 )   (120 )   (119 )   (63 )   (16 ) Foreign exchange impact and other —   —   (191 )   (266 )   —   — Fair value of plan assets, end of year $ 14,125   $ 14,623 (b)(c)   $ 3,511   $ 3,718   $ 1,855   $ 1,903 Net funded status (a) $ 2,213   $ 2,087   $ 164   $ 78   $ 1,111   $ 1,061 Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year $ (11,774 )   $ (12,375 )   $ (3,322 )   $ (3,615 )   NA   NA (a) Represents plans with an aggregate overfunded balance of  $4.1 billion  and  $3.9 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, and plans with an aggregate underfunded balance of  $636 million  and  $708 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , approximately  $533 million  and  $336 million , respectively, of U.S. plan assets included participation rights under participating annuity contracts. (c) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , defined benefit pension plan amounts not measured at fair value included  $74 million  and  $106 million , respectively, of accrued receivables, and  $123 million  and  $257 million , respectively, of accrued liabilities, for U.S. plans. (d) Includes an unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of  $32 million  and  $37 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, for the U.K. plan.   224   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Gains and losses For the Firm’s defined benefit pension plans, fair value is used to determine the expected return on plan assets. Amortization of net gains and losses is included in annual net periodic benefit cost if, as of the beginning of the year, the net gain or loss exceeds  10%  of the greater of the PBO or the fair value of the plan assets. Any excess is amortized over the average future service period of defined benefit pension plan participants, which for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan is currently  seven years  and for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans is the period appropriate for the affected plan. In addition, prior service costs are amortized over the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan when the prior service cost is first recognized.  The average remaining amortization period for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan for current prior service costs is  four years .   For the Firm’s OPEB plans, a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value over a  five -year period is used to determine the expected return on plan assets. This value is referred to as the market related value of assets. Amortization of net gains and losses, adjusted for gains and losses not yet recognized, is included in annual net periodic benefit cost if, as of the beginning of the year, the net gain or loss exceeds  10%  of the greater of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation or the market related value of assets. Any excess net gain or loss is amortized over the average expected lifetime of retired participants, which is currently  thirteen years ; however, prior service costs resulting from plan changes are amortized over the average years of service remaining to full eligibility age, which is currently  two years . The following table presents pretax pension and OPEB amounts recorded in AOCI.   Defined benefit pension plans     December 31, U.S.   Non-U.S.   OPEB plans (in millions) 2015   2014   2015   2014   2015   2014 Net gain/(loss) $ (3,096 )   $ (3,346 )   $ (513 )   $ (628 )   $ 109   $ 130 Prior service credit/(cost) 68   102   9   11   —   — Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), pretax, end of year $ (3,028 )   $ (3,244 )   $ (504 )   $ (617 )   $ 109   $ 130 The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit costs reported in the Consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension, defined contribution and OPEB plans.   Pension plans           U.S.   Non-U.S.   OPEB plans Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013   2015   2014   2013   2015 2014 2013 Components of net periodic benefit cost                           Benefits earned during the year $ 340 $ 281 $ 314   $ 37   $ 33   $ 34   $ 1 $ — $ 1 Interest cost on benefit obligations 498 534 447   112   137   125   31 38 35 Expected return on plan assets (929 ) (985 ) (956 )   (150 )   (172 )   (142 )   (106 ) (101 ) (92 ) Amortization:                           Net (gain)/loss 247 25 271   35   47   49   — — 1 Prior service cost/(credit) (34 ) (41 ) (41 )   (2 )   (2 )   (2 )   — (1 ) — Special termination benefits — — —   1   —   —   — — — Net periodic defined benefit cost 122 (186 ) 35   33   43   64   (74 ) (64 ) (55 ) Other defined benefit pension plans (a) 14 14 15   10   6   14   NA NA NA Total defined benefit plans 136 (172 ) 50   43   49   78   (74 ) (64 ) (55 ) Total defined contribution plans 449 438 447   320   329   321   NA NA NA Total pension and OPEB cost included in compensation expense $ 585 $ 266 $ 497   $ 363   $ 378   $ 399   $ (74 ) $ (64 ) $ (55 ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income                           Net (gain)/loss arising during the year $ (3 ) $ 1,645 $ (1,817 )   $ (47 )   $ 57   $ 19   $ 21 $ (5 ) $ (257 ) Prior service credit arising during the year — 53 —   —   —   —   — — — Amortization of net loss (247 ) (25 ) (271 )   (35 )   (47 )   (49 )   — — (1 ) Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit 34 41 41   2   2   2   — 1 — Foreign exchange impact and other — — —   (33 ) (a)   (39 ) (a)   14 (a)   — — — Total recognized in other comprehensive income $ (216 ) $ 1,714 $ (2,047 )   $ (113 )   $ (27 )   $ (14 )   $ 21 $ (4 ) $ (258 ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income $ (94 ) $ 1,528 $ (2,012 )   $ (80 )   $ 16   $ 50   $ (53 ) $ (68 ) $ (313 ) (a) Includes various defined benefit pension plans which are individually immaterial. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   225 Notes to consolidated financial statements The estimated pretax amounts that will be amortized from AOCI into net periodic benefit cost in  2016  are as follows.     Defined benefit pension plans   OPEB plans (in millions)   U.S.   Non-U.S.   U.S.   Non-U.S. Net loss/(gain)   $ 231   $ 23   $ —   $ — Prior service cost/(credit)   (34 )   (2 )   —   — Total   $ 197   $ 21   $ —   $ — The following table presents the actual rate of return on plan assets for the U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.   U.S.   Non-U.S. Year ended December 31, 2015   2014   2013   2015   2014   2013 Actual rate of return:                       Defined benefit pension plans 0.88 %   7.29 %   15.95 %   (0.48) – 4.92%   5.62 – 17.69%   3.74 – 23.80% OPEB plans 1.16   9.84   13.88   NA   NA   NA Plan assumptions JPMorgan Chase’s expected long-term rate of return for U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plan assets is a blended average of the investment advisor’s projected long-term  ( 10 years  or more) returns for the various asset classes, weighted by the asset allocation. Returns on asset classes are developed using a forward-looking approach and are not strictly based on historical returns. Equity returns are generally developed as the sum of inflation, expected real earnings growth and expected long-term dividend yield. Bond returns are generally developed as the sum of inflation, real bond yield and risk spread (as appropriate), adjusted for the expected effect on returns from changing yields. Other asset-class returns are derived from their relationship to the equity and bond markets. Consideration is also given to current market conditions and the short-term portfolio mix of each plan. For the U.K. defined benefit pension plans, which represent the most significant of the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans, procedures similar to those in the U.S. are used to develop the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, taking into consideration local market conditions and the specific allocation of plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return on U.K. plan assets is an average of projected long-term returns for each asset class. The return on equities has been selected by reference to the yield on long-term U.K. government bonds plus an equity risk premium above the risk-free rate. The expected return on “AA” rated long-term corporate bonds is based on an implied yield for similar bonds. The discount rate used in determining the benefit obligation under the U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans was provided by our actuaries. This rate was selected by reference to the yields on portfolios of bonds with maturity dates and coupons that closely match each of the plan’s projected cash flows; such portfolios are derived from a broad-based universe of high-quality corporate bonds as of the measurement date. In years in which these hypothetical bond portfolios generate excess cash, such excess is assumed to be reinvested at the  one -year forward rates    implied by the Citigroup Pension Discount Curve published as of the measurement date. The discount rate for the U.K. defined benefit pension plan represents a rate of appropriate duration from the analysis of yield curves provided by our actuaries. In 2014, the Society of Actuaries (“SOA”) completed a comprehensive review of mortality experience of uninsured private retirement plans in the U.S. In October 2014, the SOA published new mortality tables and a new mortality improvement scale that reflects improved life expectancies and an expectation that this trend will continue. In 2014, the Firm adopted the SOA’s tables and projection scale, resulting in an estimated increase in PBO of  $533 million . In 2015, the SOA updated the projection scale to reflect  two  additional years of historical data. The Firm has adopted the updated projection scale resulting in an estimated decrease in PBO in 2015 of  $112 million . At  December 31, 2015 , the Firm increased the discount rates used to determine its benefit obligations for the U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans in light of current market interest rates, which will result in a decrease in expense of approximately  $63 million  for  2016 . The  2016  expected long-term rate of return on U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets and U.S. OPEB plan assets are  6.50 % and  5.75 %, respectively. For 2016, the initial health care benefit obligation trend assumption has been set at  5.50 %, and the ultimate health care trend assumption and the year to reach the ultimate rate remains at  5.00 % and  2017 , respectively, unchanged from 2015. As of  December 31, 2015 , the interest crediting rate assumption and the assumed rate of compensation increase remained at  5.00 % and  3.50 %, respectively. The following tables present the weighted-average annualized actuarial assumptions for the projected and accumulated postretirement benefit obligations, and the components of net periodic benefit costs, for the Firm’s significant U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, as of and for the periods indicated.  226   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations               U.S.   Non-U.S. December 31, 2015   2014   2015   2014 Discount rate:               Defined benefit pension plans 4.50 %   4.00 %   0.80 – 3.70%   1.00 – 3.60% OPEB plans 4.40   4.10   —   — Rate of compensation increase 3.50   3.50   2.25 – 4.30   2.75 – 4.20 Health care cost trend rate:               Assumed for next year 5.50   6.00   —   — Ultimate 5.00   5.00   —   — Year when rate will reach ultimate 2017   2017   —   — Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs               U.S.   Non-U.S. Year ended December 31, 2015   2014   2013   2015   2014   2013 Discount rate:                       Defined benefit pension plans 4.00 %   5.00 %   3.90 %   1.00 – 3.60%   1.10 – 4.40%   1.40 – 4.40% OPEB plans 4.10   4.90   3.90   —   —   — Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets:                       Defined benefit pension plans 6.50   7.00   7.50   0.90 – 4.80   1.20 – 5.30   2.40 – 4.90 OPEB plans 6.00   6.25   6.25   NA   NA   NA Rate of compensation increase 3.50   3.50   4.00   2.75 – 4.20   2.75 – 4.60   2.75 – 4.10 Health care cost trend rate:                       Assumed for next year 6.00   6.50   7.00   —   —   — Ultimate 5.00   5.00   5.00   —   —   — Year when rate will reach ultimate 2017   2017   2017   —   —   — The following table presents the effect of a one-percentage-point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate on JPMorgan Chase’s accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. As of  December 31, 2015 , there was no material effect on total service and interest cost. Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) 1-Percentage point increase   1-Percentage point decrease Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation $ 8   $ (7 )   JPMorgan Chase’s U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plan expense is sensitive to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate. With all other assumptions held constant, a 25-basis point decline in the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets would result in an aggregate increase of approximately  $39 million  in  2016  U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plan expense. A 25-basis point decline in the discount rate for the U.S. plans would result in an increase in  2016  U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plan expense of approximately an aggregate  $31 million  and an increase in the related benefit obligations of approximately an aggregate  $296 million . A 25-basis point decrease in the interest crediting rate for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan would result in a decrease in  2016  U.S. defined benefit pension expense of approximately  $35 million  and a decrease in the related PBO of approximately  $145 million . A 25-basis point decline in the discount rates for the non-U.S. plans would result in an increase in the  2016  non-U.S. defined benefit pension plan expense of approximately  $17 million . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   227 Notes to consolidated financial statements Investment strategy and asset allocation The Firm’s U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets are held in trust and are invested in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and fixed income securities, cash and cash equivalents, and alternative investments (e.g., hedge funds, private equity, real estate and real assets). Non-U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets are held in various trusts and are also invested in well-diversified portfolios of equity, fixed income and other securities. Assets of the Firm’s COLI policies, which are used to partially fund the U.S. OPEB plan, are held in separate accounts of an insurance company and are allocated to investments intended to replicate equity and fixed income indices. The investment policy for the Firm’s U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets is to optimize the risk-return relationship as appropriate to the needs and goals of the plan using a global portfolio of various asset classes diversified by market segment, economic sector, and issuer. Assets are managed by a combination of internal and external investment managers. Periodically the Firm performs a comprehensive analysis on the U.S. defined benefit pension plan asset allocations, incorporating projected asset and liability data, which focuses on the short- and long-term impact of the asset allocation on cumulative pension expense, economic cost, present value of contributions and funded status. As the U.S. defined benefit pension plan is overfunded, the investment strategy for this plan was adjusted in 2013 to provide for greater liquidity.   Currently, approved asset allocation ranges are: U.S. equity  0%  to  45% , international equity  0%  to  40% , debt securities  0%  to  80% , hedge funds  0%  to  5% , real estate  0%  to  10% , real assets  0%  to  10%  and private equity  0%  to  20% . Asset allocations are not managed to a specific target but seek to shift asset class allocations within these stated ranges. Investment strategies incorporate the economic outlook and the anticipated implications of the macroeconomic environment on the various asset classes    while maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity for the plan. The Firm regularly reviews the asset allocations and asset managers, as well as other factors that impact the portfolio, which is rebalanced when deemed necessary. For the U.K. defined benefit pension plans, which represent the most significant of the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans, the assets are invested to maximize returns subject to an appropriate level of risk relative to the plans’ liabilities. In order to reduce the volatility in returns relative to the plans’ liability profiles, the U.K. defined benefit pension plans’ largest asset allocations are to debt securities of appropriate durations. Other assets, mainly equity securities, are then invested for capital appreciation, to provide long-term investment growth. Similar to the U.S. defined benefit pension plan, asset allocations and asset managers for the U.K. plans are reviewed regularly and the portfolios are rebalanced when deemed necessary. Investments held by the Plans include financial instruments which are exposed to various risks such as interest rate, market and credit risks. Exposure to a concentration of credit risk is mitigated by the broad diversification of both U.S. and non-U.S. investment instruments. Additionally, the investments in each of the common/collective trust funds and registered investment companies are further diversified into various financial instruments. As of  December 31, 2015 , assets held by the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans do not include JPMorgan Chase common stock, except through indirect exposures through investments in third-party stock-index funds. The plans hold investments in funds that are sponsored or managed by affiliates of JPMorgan Chase in the amount of  $3.2 billion   and   $3.7 billion  for U.S. plans and  $1.2 billion  and  $1.4 billion  for non-U.S. plans, as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The following table presents the weighted-average asset allocation of the fair values of total plan assets at December 31 for the years indicated, as well as the respective approved range/target allocation by asset category, for the Firm’s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.   Defined benefit pension plans       U.S.   Non-U.S.   OPEB plans (c)   Target   % of plan assets   Target   % of plan assets   Target   % of plan assets December 31, Allocation   2015   2014   Allocation   2015   2014   Allocation   2015   2014 Asset category                                   Debt securities (a) 0-80%   32 %   31 %   59 %   60 %   61 %   30-70%   50 %   50 % Equity securities 0-85   48   46   40   38   38   30-70   50   50 Real estate 0-10   4   4   —   1   —   —   —   — Alternatives (b) 0-35   16   19   1   1   1   —   —   — Total 100%   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 % (a) Debt securities primarily include corporate debt, U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. government, and mortgage-backed securities. (b) Alternatives primarily include limited partnerships. (c) Represents the U.S. OPEB plan only, as the U.K. OPEB plan is unfunded. 228   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Fair value measurement of the plans’ assets and liabilities For information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of level 1, 2, and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methods employed by the Firm, see Note 3. Pension and OPEB plan assets and liabilities measured at fair value               U.S. defined benefit pension plans   Non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans (g) December 31, 2015 (in millions) Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Total fair value Cash and cash equivalents $ 112   $ —   $ —   $ 112   $ 114   $ 1   $ 115 Equity securities 4,826   5   2   4,833   1,002   157   1,159 Common/collective trust funds (a) 339   —   —   339   135   —   135 Limited partnerships (b) 53   —   —   53   —   —   — Corporate debt securities (c) —   1,619   2   1,621   —   758   758 U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. government debt securities 580   108   —   688   212   504   716 Mortgage-backed securities —   67   1   68   2   26   28 Derivative receivables —   104   —   104   —   209   209 Other (d) 1,760   27   534   2,321   257   53   310 Total assets measured at fair value $ 7,670   $ 1,930   $ 539   $ 10,139 (e)   $ 1,722   $ 1,708   $ 3,430 Derivative payables $ —   $ (35 )   $ —   $ (35 )   $ —   $ (153 )   $ (153 ) Total liabilities measured at fair value $ —   $ (35 )   $ —   $ (35 ) (f)   $ —   $ (153 )   $ (153 )   U.S. defined benefit pension plans   Non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans (g) December 31, 2014 (in millions) Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Total fair value Cash and cash equivalents $ 87   $ —   $ —   $ 87   $ 128   $ 1   $ 129 Equity securities 5,286   20   4   5,310   1,019   169   1,188 Common/collective trust funds (a) 345   —   —   345   112   —   112 Limited partnerships (b) 70   —   —   70   —   —   — Corporate debt securities (c) —   1,454   9   1,463   —   724   724 U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. government debt securities 446   161   —   607   235   540   775 Mortgage-backed securities 1   73   1   75   2   77   79 Derivative receivables —   114   —   114   —   258   258 Other (d) 2,031   27   337   2,395   283   58   341 Total assets measured at fair value $ 8,266   $ 1,849   $ 351   $ 10,466 (e)   $ 1,779   $ 1,827   $ 3,606 Derivative payables $ —   $ (23 )   $ —   $ (23 )   $ —   $ (139 )   $ (139 ) Total liabilities measured at fair value $ —   $ (23 )   $ —   $ (23 ) (f)   $ —   $ (139 )   $ (139 ) Note: Effective April 1, 2015, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance for certain investments where the Firm measures fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and excluded them from the fair value hierarchy. Accordingly, such investments are not included within these tables. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the fair values of these investments, which include certain limited partnerships and common/collective trust funds, were  $4.1 billion  and  $4.3 billion , respectively, of U.S. defined benefit pension plan investments, and  $234 million  and  $251 million , respectively, of non-U.S. defined benefit pension plan investments. Of these investments  $1.3 billion  and  $3.0 billion , respectively, of U.S. defined benefit pension plan investments had been previously classified in level 2 and level 3, respectively, and  $251 million  of non-U.S. defined benefit pension plan investments had been previously classified in level 2 at December 31, 2014. The guidance was required to be applied retrospectively, and accordingly, prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (a) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , common/collective trust funds primarily included a mix of short-term investment funds, domestic and international equity investments (including index) and real estate funds. (b) Unfunded commitments to purchase limited partnership investments for the plans were  $895 million  and  $1.2 billion  for 2015 and 2014, respectively. (c) Corporate debt securities include debt securities of U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. (d) Other consists of money markets funds, exchange-traded funds and participating and non-participating annuity contracts. Money markets funds and exchange-traded funds are primarily classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy given they are valued using market observable prices. Participating and non-participating annuity contracts are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to lack of market mechanisms for transferring each policy and surrender restrictions. (e) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excluded U.S. defined benefit pension plan receivables for investments sold and dividends and interest receivables of  $74 million  and  $106 million , respectively. (f) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excluded  $106 million  and  $241 million , respectively, of U.S. defined benefit pension plan payables for investments purchased; and  $17 million  and  $16 million , respectively, of other liabilities.  (g) There were  zero  assets or liabilities classified as level 3 for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The Firm’s U.S. OPEB plan was partially funded with COLI policies of  $1.9 billion  at both December 31, 2015 and 2014, which were classified in level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   229 Notes to consolidated financial statements Changes in level 3 fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs         Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions)   Fair value, January 1, 2015   Actual return on plan assets   Purchases, sales and settlements, net   Transfers in and/or out of level 3   Fair value, December 31, 2015 Realized gains/(losses)   Unrealized gains/(losses) U.S. defined benefit pension plans                         Equities   $ 4   $ —   $ (2 )   $ —   $ —   $ 2 Corporate debt securities   9   —   —   (7 )   —   2 Mortgage-backed securities   1   —   —   —   —   1 Other   337   —   197   —   —   534 Total U.S. defined benefit pension plans   $ 351   $ —   $ 195   $ (7 )   $ —   $ 539 OPEB plans                         COLI   $ 1,903   $ —   $ (48 )   $ —   $ —   $ 1,855 Total OPEB plans   $ 1,903   $ —   $ (48 )   $ —   $ —   $ 1,855 Year ended December 31, 2014 (in millions)   Fair value, January 1, 2014   Actual return on plan assets   Purchases, sales and settlements, net   Transfers in and/or out of level 3   Fair value, December 31, 2014 Realized gains/(losses)   Unrealized gains/(losses) U.S. defined benefit pension plans                         Equities   $ 4   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 4 Corporate debt securities   7   (2 )   2   4   (2 )   9 Mortgage-backed securities   —   —   —   1   —   1 Other   430   —   (93 )   —   —   337 Total U.S. defined benefit pension plans   $ 441   $ (2 )   $ (91 )   $ 5   $ (2 )   $ 351 OPEB plans                         COLI   $ 1,749   $ —   $ 154   $ —   $ —   $ 1,903 Total OPEB plans   $ 1,749   $ —   $ 154   $ —   $ —   $ 1,903 Year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions)   Fair value, January 1, 2013   Actual return on plan assets   Purchases, sales and settlements, net   Transfers in and/or out of level 3   Fair value, December 31, 2013 Realized gains/(losses)   Unrealized gains/(losses) U.S. defined benefit pension plans                         Equities   $ 4   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 4 Corporate debt securities   1   —   —   —   6   7 Mortgage-backed securities   —   —   —   —   —   — Other   420   —   10   —   —   430 Total U.S. defined benefit pension plans   $ 425   $ —   $ 10   $ —   $ 6   $ 441 OPEB plans                         COLI   $ 1,554   $ —   $ 195   $ —   $ —   $ 1,749 Total OPEB plans   $ 1,554   $ —   $ 195   $ —   $ —   $ 1,749 Estimated future benefit payments  The following table presents benefit payments expected to be paid, which include the effect of expected future service, for the years indicated. The OPEB medical and life insurance payments are net of expected retiree contributions. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   U.S. defined benefit pension plans   Non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans   OPEB before Medicare Part D subsidy   Medicare Part D subsidy 2016   $ 762   $ 107   $ 68   $ 1 2017   798   110   66   1 2018   927   119   63   1 2019   966   123   61   1 2020   1,009   129   59   1 Years 2021–2025   4,409   722   259   4 230   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 10 – Employee stock-based incentives Employee stock-based awards In  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  JPMorgan Chase  granted long-term stock-based awards to certain employees under its Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015 (“LTIP”). Under the terms of the LTIP, as of  December 31, 2015 ,  93 million  shares of common stock were available for issuance through May 2019. The LTIP is the only active plan under which the Firm is currently granting stock-based incentive awards. In the following discussion, the LTIP, plus prior Firm plans and plans assumed as the result of acquisitions, are referred to collectively as the “LTI Plans,” and such plans constitute the Firm’s stock-based incentive plans. Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) are awarded at no cost to the recipient upon their grant. Generally, RSUs are granted annually and vest at a rate of 50% after  two years  and 50% after  three years  and are converted into shares of common stock as of the vesting date. In addition, RSUs typically include full-career eligibility provisions, which allow employees to continue to vest upon voluntary termination, subject to post-employment and other restrictions based on age or service-related requirements. All RSUs awards are subject to forfeiture until vested and contain clawback provisions that may result in cancellation under certain specified circumstances. RSUs entitle the recipient to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSUs are outstanding and, as such, are considered participating securities as discussed in Note 24. Under the LTI Plans, stock options and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) have generally been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of  JPMorgan Chase ’s common stock on the grant date. The Firm periodically grants employee stock options to individual employees. There were no material grants of stock options or SARs in 2015 and 2014. Grants of SARs in 2013 become exercisable ratably over  five years  (i.e.,  20%  per year) and contain clawback provisions similar to RSUs. The  2013  grants of SARs contain full-career eligibility provisions. SARs generally expire  ten years  after the grant date.    The Firm separately recognizes compensation expense for each tranche of each award as if it were a separate award with its own vesting date. Generally, for each tranche granted, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the vesting date of the respective tranche, provided that the employees will not become full-career eligible during the vesting period. For awards with full-career eligibility provisions and awards granted with no future substantive service requirement, the Firm accrues the estimated value of awards expected to be awarded to employees as of the grant date without giving consideration to the impact of post-employment restrictions. For each tranche granted to employees who will become full-career eligible during the vesting period, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the earlier of the employee’s full-career eligibility date or the vesting date of the respective tranche. The Firm’s policy for issuing shares upon settlement of employee stock-based incentive awards is to issue either new shares of common stock or treasury shares. During  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , the Firm settled all of its employee stock-based awards by issuing treasury shares. In January 2008, the Firm awarded to its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer up to  2 million  SARs. The terms of this award are distinct from, and more restrictive than, other equity grants regularly awarded by the Firm. On July 15, 2014, the Compensation & Management Development Committee and Board of Directors determined that all requirements for the vesting of the  2 million  SAR awards had been met and thus, the awards became exercisable. The SARs, which will expire in January 2018, have an exercise price of  $39.83  (the price of JPMorgan Chase common stock on the date of grant). The expense related to this award was dependent on changes in fair value of the SARs through July 15, 2014 (the date when the vested number of SARs were determined), and the cumulative expense was recognized ratably over the service period, which was initially assumed to be  five years  but, effective in the first quarter of 2013, had been extended to  six and one-half years . The Firm recognized  $3 million  and  $14 million  in compensation expense in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, for this award. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   231 Notes to consolidated financial statements RSUs, employee stock options and SARs activity Compensation expense for RSUs is measured based on the number of shares granted multiplied by the stock price at the grant date, and for employee stock options and SARs, is measured at the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Compensation expense for these awards is recognized in net income as described previously. The following table summarizes  JPMorgan Chase ’s RSUs, employee stock options and SARs activity for  2015 .     RSUs   Options/SARs Year ended December 31, 2015   Number of  shares Weighted-average grant date fair value   Number of awards   Weighted-average exercise price   Weighted-average remaining contractual life  (in years) Aggregate intrinsic value (in thousands, except weighted-average data, and where otherwise stated)       Outstanding, January 1   100,568 $ 47.81   59,195   $ 45.00       Granted   36,096 56.31   107   64.41       Exercised or vested   (47,709 ) 41.64   (14,313 )   40.44       Forfeited   (3,648 ) 54.17   (943 )   43.04       Canceled   NA NA   (580 )   278.93       Outstanding, December 31   85,307 $ 54.60   43,466   $ 43.51   4.6 $ 1,109,411 Exercisable, December 31   NA NA   31,853   43.85   4.0 832,929 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, was  $2.8 billion , $ 3.2 billion  and  $2.9 billion , respectively. The weighted-average grant date per share fair value of stock options and SARs granted during the year ended December 31, 2013, was  $9.58 . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , was  $335 million ,  $539 million  and  $507 million , respectively. Compensation expense The Firm recognized the following noncash compensation expense related to its various employee stock-based incentive plans in its Consolidated statements of income. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Cost of prior grants of RSUs and SARs that are amortized over their applicable vesting periods   $ 1,109   $ 1,371   $ 1,440 Accrual of estimated costs of stock-based awards to be granted in future periods including those to full-career eligible employees   878   819   779 Total noncash compensation expense related to employee stock-based incentive plans   $ 1,987   $ 2,190   $ 2,219 At  December 31, 2015 , approximately  $688 million  (pretax) of compensation expense related to unvested awards had not yet been charged to net income. That cost is expected to be amortized into compensation expense over a weighted-average period of  0.9 years . The Firm does not capitalize any compensation expense related to share-based compensation awards to employees. Cash flows and tax benefits Income tax benefits related to stock-based incentive arrangements recognized in the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , were  $746 million ,  $854 million  and  $865 million , respectively.   The following table sets forth the cash received from the exercise of stock options under all stock-based incentive arrangements, and the actual income tax benefit realized related to tax deductions from the exercise of the stock options. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Cash received for options exercised   $ 20   $ 63   $ 166 Tax benefit realized (a)   64   104   42 (a) The tax benefit realized from dividends or dividend equivalents paid on equity-classified share-based payment awards that are charged to retained earnings are recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital and included in the pool of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax deficiencies on share-based payment awards. Valuation assumptions The following table presents the assumptions used to value employee stock options and SARs granted during the year ended December 31,  2013 , under the Black-Scholes valuation model. There were no material grants of stock options or SARs for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. Year ended December 31,   2013 Weighted-average annualized valuation assumptions     Risk-free interest rate   1.18 % Expected dividend yield   2.66 Expected common stock price volatility   28 Expected life (in years)   6.6 The expected dividend yield is determined using forward-looking assumptions. The expected volatility assumption is derived from the implied volatility of  JPMorgan Chase ’s stock options. The expected life assumption is an estimate of the length of time that an employee might hold an option or SAR before it is exercised or canceled, and the assumption is based on the Firm’s historical experience. 232   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 11 – Noninterest expense For details on noninterest expense, see Consolidated statements of income on   page 176 . Included within   other expense is the following:   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Legal expense $ 2,969   $ 2,883   $ 11,143 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-related (“FDIC”) expense 1,227   1,037   1,496   Note 12 – Securities Securities are classified as trading, AFS or held-to-maturity (“HTM”). Securities classified as trading assets are discussed in Note  3.  Predominantly all of  the Firm’s  AFS and HTM investment securities (the “investment securities portfolio”) are held by Treasury and CIO in connection with its asset-liability management objectives. At  December 31, 2015,  the investment securities portfolio consisted of debt securities with an average credit rating of   AA+   (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal ratings which correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s). AFS securities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses, after any applicable hedge accounting adjustments, are reported as net increases or decreases to accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). The specific identification method is used to determine realized gains and losses on AFS securities, which are included in securities gains/(losses) on the Consolidated statements of income. HTM debt securities, which management has the intent and ability to hold until maturity, are carried at amortized cost on the Consolidated balance sheets. For both AFS and HTM debt securities, purchase discounts or premiums are generally amortized into interest income over the contractual life of the security.   During 2014,  the Firm  transferred U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities and obligations of U.S. states and municipalities with a fair value of   $19.3 billion   from AFS to HTM. These securities were transferred at fair value, and the transfer was a non-cash transaction. AOCI included net pretax unrealized losses of   $9 million   on the securities at the date of transfer. The transfer reflected  the Firm’s  intent to hold the securities to maturity in order to reduce the impact of price volatility on AOCI and certain capital measures under Basel III.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   233 Notes to consolidated financial statements The amortized costs and estimated fair values of the investment securities portfolio were as follows for the dates indicated.     2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair  value   Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair  value Available-for-sale debt securities                       Mortgage-backed securities:                       U.S. government agencies (a)   $ 53,689 $ 1,483 $ 106   $ 55,066   $ 63,089 $ 2,302 $ 72   $ 65,319 Residential:                       Prime and Alt-A 7,462 40 57   7,445   5,595 78 29   5,644 Subprime 210 7 —   217   677 14 —   691 Non-U.S. 19,629 341 13   19,957   43,550 1,010 —   44,560 Commercial 22,990 150 243   22,897   20,687 438 17   21,108 Total mortgage-backed securities 103,980 2,021 419   105,582   133,598 3,842 118   137,322 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 11,202 — 166   11,036   13,603 56 14   13,645 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 31,328 2,245 23   33,550   27,841 2,243 16   30,068 Certificates of deposit 282 1 —   283   1,103 1 1   1,103 Non-U.S. government debt securities 35,864 853 41   36,676   51,492 1,272 21   52,743 Corporate debt securities 12,464 142 170   12,436   18,158 398 24   18,532 Asset-backed securities:                       Collateralized loan obligations 31,146 52 191   31,007   30,229 147 182   30,194 Other 9,125 72 100   9,097   12,442 184 11   12,615 Total available-for-sale debt securities 235,391 5,386 1,110   239,667   288,466 8,143 387   296,222 Available-for-sale equity securities 2,067 20 —   2,087   2,513 17 —   2,530 Total available-for-sale securities 237,458 5,406 1,110   241,754   290,979 8,160 387   298,752 Total held-to-maturity securities (b) $ 49,073 $ 1,560 $ 46   $ 50,587   $ 49,252 $ 1,902 $ —   $ 51,154 (a) Includes total U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations with fair values of  $42.3 billion  and  $59.3 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, which were predominantly mortgage-related. (b) As of December 31, 2015, consists of mortgage backed securities (“MBS”) issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises with an amortized cost of  $30.8 billion , MBS issued by U.S. government agencies with an amortized cost of  $5.5 billion  and obligations of U.S. states and municipalities with an amortized cost of  $12.8 billion . As of December 31, 2014, consists of MBS issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises with an amortized cost of  $35.3 billion , MBS issued by U.S. government agencies with an amortized cost of  $3.7 billion  and obligations of U.S. states and municipalities with an amortized cost of  $10.2 billion . 234   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Securities impairment   The following tables present the fair value and gross unrealized losses for the investment securities portfolio by aging category at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .    Securities with gross unrealized losses   Less than 12 months   12 months or more     December 31, 2015 (in millions) Fair value Gross unrealized losses   Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale debt securities               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies $ 13,002 $ 95   $ 697 $ 11 $ 13,699 $ 106 Residential:               Prime and Alt-A 5,147 51   238 6 5,385 57 Subprime — —   — — — — Non-U.S. 2,021 12   167 1 2,188 13 Commercial 13,779 239   658 4 14,437 243 Total mortgage-backed securities 33,949 397   1,760 22 35,709 419 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 10,998 166   — — 10,998 166 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,676 18   205 5 1,881 23 Certificates of deposit — —   — — — — Non-U.S. government debt securities 3,267 26   367 15 3,634 41 Corporate debt securities 3,198 125   848 45 4,046 170 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations 15,340 67   10,692 124 26,032 191 Other 4,284 60   1,005 40 5,289 100 Total available-for-sale debt securities 72,712 859   14,877 251 87,589 1,110 Available-for-sale equity securities — —   — — — — Held-to-maturity securities 3,763 46   — — 3,763 46 Total securities with gross unrealized losses $ 76,475 $ 905   $ 14,877 $ 251 $ 91,352 $ 1,156   Securities with gross unrealized losses   Less than 12 months   12 months or more     December 31, 2014 (in millions) Fair value Gross unrealized losses   Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale debt securities               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies $ 1,118 $ 5   $ 4,989 $ 67 $ 6,107 $ 72 Residential:               Prime and Alt-A 1,840 10   405 19 2,245 29 Subprime — —   — — — — Non-U.S. — —   — — — — Commercial 4,803 15   92 2 4,895 17 Total mortgage-backed securities 7,761 30   5,486 88 13,247 118 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 8,412 14   — — 8,412 14 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,405 15   130 1 1,535 16 Certificates of deposit 1,050 1   — — 1,050 1 Non-U.S. government debt securities 4,433 4   906 17 5,339 21 Corporate debt securities 2,492 22   80 2 2,572 24 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations 13,909 76   9,012 106 22,921 182 Other 2,258 11   — — 2,258 11 Total available-for-sale debt securities 41,720 173   15,614 214 57,334 387 Available-for-sale equity securities — —   — — — — Held-to-maturity securities — —   — — — — Total securities with gross unrealized losses $ 41,720 $ 173   $ 15,614 $ 214 $ 57,334 $ 387 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   235 Notes to consolidated financial statements Gross unrealized losses  The Firm  has recognized the unrealized losses on securities it intends to sell. As of December 31, 2015,  the Firm  does not intend to sell any securities with a loss position in AOCI, and it is not likely that  the Firm  will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. Except for the securities for which credit losses have been recognized in income,  the Firm  believes that the securities with an unrealized loss in AOCI are not other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2015.   Other-than-temporary impairment   AFS debt and equity securities and HTM debt securities in unrealized loss positions are analyzed as part of  the Firm’s  ongoing assessment of other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”). For most types of debt securities,  the Firm  considers a decline in fair value to be other-than-temporary when  the Firm  does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. For beneficial interests in securitizations that are rated below “AA” at their acquisition, or that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in such a way that  the Firm  would not recover substantially all of its recorded investment,  the Firm  considers an impairment to be other than temporary when there is an adverse change in expected cash flows. For AFS equity securities,  the Firm  considers a decline in fair value to be other-than-temporary if it is probable that  the Firm  will not recover its cost basis.   Potential OTTI is considered using a variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; the volatility of the fair value changes; and  the Firm’s  intent and ability to hold the security until recovery.   For AFS debt securities,  the Firm  recognizes OTTI losses in earnings if  the Firm  has the intent to sell the debt security, or if it is more likely than not that  the Firm  will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. In these circumstances the impairment loss is equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value of the securities. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position that  the Firm  has the intent and ability to hold, the expected cash flows to be received from the securities are evaluated to determine if a credit loss exists. In the event of a credit loss, only the amount of impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized in income. Amounts relating to factors other than credit losses are recorded in OCI.   The Firm’s  cash flow evaluations take into account the factors noted above and expectations of relevant market and economic data as of the end of the reporting period. For securities issued in a securitization,  the Firm  estimates cash flows considering underlying loan-level data and structural features of the securitization, such as subordination, excess spread, overcollateralization or other forms of credit enhancement, and compares the losses projected for the underlying collateral (“pool losses”)    against the level of credit enhancement in the securitization structure to determine whether these features are sufficient to absorb the pool losses, or whether a credit loss exists.  The Firm  also performs other analyses to support its cash flow projections, such as first-loss analyses or stress scenarios.   For equity securities, OTTI losses are recognized in earnings if  the Firm  intends to sell the security. In other cases  the Firm  considers the relevant factors noted above, as well as  the Firm’s  intent and ability to retain its investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and whether evidence exists to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the cost basis. Any impairment loss on an equity security is equal to the full difference between the cost basis and the fair value of the security.   Securities gains and losses  The following table presents realized gains and losses and OTTI from AFS securities that were recognized in income.  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Realized gains $ 351   $ 314   $ 1,302 Realized losses (127 )   (233 )   (614 ) OTTI losses (22 )   (4 )   (21 ) Net securities gains 202   77   667             OTTI losses           Credit losses recognized in income (1 )   (2 )   (1 ) Securities the Firm intends to sell (a) (21 )   (2 )   (20 ) Total OTTI losses recognized in income $ (22 )   $ (4 )   $ (21 ) (a) Excludes realized losses on securities sold of  $5 million ,  $3 million  and  $12 million  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively that had been previously reported as an OTTI loss due to the intention to sell the securities. Changes in the credit loss component of credit-impaired debt securities   The following table presents a rollforward for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  of the credit loss component of OTTI losses that have been recognized in income, related to AFS debt securities that  the Firm  does not intend to sell.   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Balance, beginning of period $ 3 $ 1 $ 522 Additions:       Newly credit-impaired securities 1 2 1 Losses reclassified from other comprehensive income on previously credit-impaired securities — — — Reductions:       Sales and redemptions of credit-impaired securities — — (522 ) Balance, end of period $ 4 $ 3 $ 1 236   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Contractual maturities and yields   The following table presents the amortized cost and estimated fair value at   December 31, 2015 ,  of   JPMorgan Chase ’s  investment securities portfolio by contractual maturity.   By remaining maturity December 31, 2015 (in millions) Due in one  year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after  10 years (c) Total Available-for-sale debt securities           Mortgage-backed securities (a)           Amortized cost $ 2,415 $ 9,728 $ 6,562 $ 85,275 $ 103,980 Fair value 2,421 9,886 6,756 86,519 105,582 Average yield (b) 1.48 % 1.86 % 3.15 % 3.08 % 2.93 % U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a)           Amortized cost $ — $ — $ 10,069 $ 1,133 $ 11,202 Fair value — — 9,932 1,104 11,036 Average yield (b) — % — % 0.31 % 0.48 % 0.33 % Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities           Amortized cost $ 184 $ 754 $ 1,520 $ 28,870 $ 31,328 Fair value 187 774 1,600 30,989 33,550 Average yield (b) 5.21 % 3.50 % 5.57 % 6.68 % 6.54 % Certificates of deposit           Amortized cost $ 230 $ 52 $ — $ — $ 282 Fair value 231 52 — — 283 Average yield (b) 8.66 % 3.28 % — % — % 7.68 % Non-U.S. government debt securities           Amortized cost $ 6,126 $ 11,177 $ 16,575 $ 1,986 $ 35,864 Fair value 6,422 11,429 16,747 2,078 36,676 Average yield (b) 3.11 % 1.84 % 1.06 % 0.67 % 1.63 % Corporate debt securities           Amortized cost $ 2,761 $ 7,175 $ 2,385 $ 143 $ 12,464 Fair value 2,776 7,179 2,347 134 12,436 Average yield (b) 2.87 % 2.32 % 3.09 % 4.46 % 2.61 % Asset-backed securities           Amortized cost $ 39 $ 442 $ 20,501 $ 19,289 $ 40,271 Fair value 40 449 20,421 19,194 40,104 Average yield (b) 0.71 % 1.72 % 1.79 % 1.84 % 1.81 % Total available-for-sale debt securities           Amortized cost $ 11,755 $ 29,328 $ 57,612 $ 136,696 $ 235,391 Fair value 12,077 29,769 57,803 140,018 239,667 Average yield (b) 2.85 % 2.00 % 1.63 % 3.61 % 2.89 % Available-for-sale equity securities           Amortized cost $ — $ — $ — $ 2,067 $ 2,067 Fair value — — — 2,087 2,087 Average yield (b) — % — % — % 0.30 % 0.30 % Total available-for-sale securities           Amortized cost $ 11,755 $ 29,328 $ 57,612 $ 138,763 $ 237,458 Fair value 12,077 29,769 57,803 142,105 241,754 Average yield (b) 2.85 % 2.00 % 1.63 % 3.56 % 2.87 % Total held-to-maturity securities           Amortized cost $ 51 $ — $ 931 $ 48,091 $ 49,073 Fair value 50 — 976 49,561 50,587 Average yield (b) 4.42 % — % 5.01 % 3.98 % 4.00 % (a) U.S. government-sponsored enterprises were the only issuers whose securities exceeded  10%  of  JPMorgan Chase ’s total stockholders’ equity at  December 31, 2015 . (b) Average yield is computed using the effective yield of each security owned at the end of the period, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective yield considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, and the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. The effective yield excludes unscheduled principal prepayments; and accordingly, actual maturities of securities may differ from their contractual or expected maturities as certain securities may be prepaid. (c) Includes securities with no stated maturity. Substantially all of the Firm’s residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are due in  10 years  or more, based on contractual maturity. The estimated weighted-average life, which reflects anticipated future prepayments, is approximately  five years  for agency residential mortgage-backed securities,  two years  for agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations and  four years  for nonagency residential collateralized mortgage obligations.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   237 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 13 – Securities financing activities JPMorgan Chase  enters into resale agreements, repurchase agreements, securities borrowed transactions and securities loaned transactions (collectively, “securities financing agreements”) primarily to finance  the Firm’s  inventory positions, acquire securities to cover short positions, accommodate customers’ financing needs, and settle other securities obligations.   Securities financing agreements are treated as collateralized financings on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets. Resale and repurchase agreements are generally carried at the amounts at which the securities will be subsequently sold or repurchased. Securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions are generally carried at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received. Where appropriate under applicable accounting guidance, resale and repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. For further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities, see   Note 1. Fees received and paid in connection with securities financing agreements are recorded in interest income and interest expense on the Consolidated statements of income.   The Firm  has elected the fair value option for certain securities financing agreements. For further information regarding the fair value option, see Note 4. The securities financing agreements for which the fair value option has been elected are reported within securities purchased under resale agreements, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed on the Consolidated balance sheets. Generally, for agreements carried at fair value, current-period interest accruals are recorded within interest income and interest expense, with changes in fair value reported in principal transactions revenue. However, for financial instruments containing embedded derivatives that would be separately accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance for hybrid instruments, all changes in fair value, including any interest elements, are reported in principal transactions revenue.   Secured financing transactions expose  the Firm  to credit and liquidity risk. To manage these risks,  the Firm  monitors the value of the underlying securities (predominantly high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and agency MBS) that it has received from or provided to its counterparties compared to the value of cash proceeds and exchanged collateral, and either requests additional collateral or returns securities or collateral when appropriate. Margin levels are initially established based upon the counterparty, the type of underlying securities, and the permissible collateral, and are monitored on an ongoing basis.     In resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions,  the Firm  is exposed to credit risk to the extent that the value of the securities received is less than initial cash principal advanced and any collateral amounts exchanged. In repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions, credit risk exposure arises to the extent that the value of underlying securities exceeds the value of the initial cash principal advanced, and any collateral amounts exchanged.  Additionally,  the Firm  typically enters into master netting agreements and other similar arrangements with its counterparties, which provide for the right to liquidate the underlying securities and any collateral amounts exchanged in the event of a counterparty default.   It is also  the Firm’s  policy to take possession, where possible, of the securities underlying resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions.  For further information regarding assets pledged and collateral received in securities financing agreements, see Note 30.  As a result of  the Firm’s  credit risk mitigation practices with respect to resale and securities borrowed agreements as described above,  the Firm  did not hold any reserves for credit impairment with respect to these agreements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.   Certain prior period amounts for securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, as well as securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. These revisions had no impact on the  Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets or its results of operations.   238   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  the gross and net securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed. Securities purchased under resale agreements have been presented on the Consolidated balance sheets net of securities sold under repurchase agreements where  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement, and where the other relevant criteria have been met. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the securities purchased under resale agreements are not eligible for netting and are shown separately in the table below. Securities borrowed are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated balance sheets.     2015     2014   December 31, (in millions) Gross asset balance Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net asset balance     Gross asset balance Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net asset balance   Securities purchased under resale agreements                   Securities purchased under resale agreements with an appropriate legal opinion $ 365,805 $ (156,258 ) $ 209,547     $ 347,142 $ (142,719 ) $ 204,423   Securities purchased under resale agreements where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 2,343   2,343     10,598   10,598   Total securities purchased under resale agreements $ 368,148 $ (156,258 ) $ 211,890 (a)     $ 357,740 $ (142,719 ) $ 215,021 (a)   Securities borrowed $ 98,721 NA $ 98,721 (b)(c)     $ 110,435 NA $ 110,435 (b)(c)   (a) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included securities purchased under resale agreements of  $23.1 billion  and  $28.6 billion , respectively, accounted for at fair value. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included securities borrowed of  $395 million  and  $992 million , respectively, accounted for at fair value. (c) Included  $31.3 billion  and  $35.3 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, of securities borrowed where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained with respect to the master netting agreement.  The following table presents information as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  regarding the securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed for which an appropriate legal opinion has been obtained with respect to the master netting agreement. The below table excludes information related to resale agreements and securities borrowed where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained.     2015   2014       Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (a)         Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (a)   December 31, (in millions) Net asset balance   Financial instruments (b) Cash collateral Net exposure   Net asset balance   Financial instruments (b) Cash collateral Net exposure Securities purchased under resale agreements with an appropriate legal opinion $ 209,547   $ (206,423 ) $ (351 ) $ 2,773   $ 204,423   $ (201,375 ) $ (246 ) $ 2,802 Securities borrowed $ 67,453   $ (65,081 ) $ — $ 2,372   $ 75,113   $ (72,730 ) $ — $ 2,383 (a) For some counterparties, the sum of the financial instruments and cash collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets may exceed the net asset balance. Where this is the case the total amounts reported in these two columns are limited to the balance of the net reverse repurchase agreement or securities borrowed asset with that counterparty. As a result a net exposure amount is reported even though the Firm, on an aggregate basis for its securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, has received securities collateral with a total fair value that is greater than the funds provided to counterparties. (b) Includes financial instrument collateral received, repurchase liabilities and securities loaned liabilities with an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement; these amounts are not presented net on the Consolidated balance sheets because other U.S. GAAP netting criteria are not met. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   239 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  the gross and net securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned. Securities sold under repurchase agreements have been presented on the Consolidated balance sheets net of securities purchased under resale agreements where  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement, and where the other relevant criteria have been met. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the securities sold under repurchase agreements are not eligible for netting and are shown separately in the table below. Securities loaned are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated balance sheets.     2015   2014   December 31, (in millions) Gross liability balance Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net liability balance   Gross liability balance   Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net liability balance   Securities sold under repurchase agreements                   Securities sold under repurchase agreements with an appropriate legal opinion $ 277,415 $ (156,258 ) $ 121,157   $ 290,529   $ (142,719 ) $ 147,810   Securities sold under repurchase agreements where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained (a) 12,629   12,629   21,996     21,996   Total securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 290,044 $ (156,258 ) $ 133,786 (c)   $ 312,525   $ (142,719 ) $ 169,806 (c)   Securities loaned (b) $ 22,556 NA $ 22,556 (d)(e)   $ 25,927   NA $ 25,927 (d)(e)   (a) Includes repurchase agreements that are not subject to a master netting agreement but do provide rights to collateral. (b) Included securities-for-securities lending transactions of  $4.4 billion  and  $4.1 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, accounted for at fair value, where the Firm is acting as lender. These amounts are presented within other liabilities in the Consolidated balance sheets. (c) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included securities sold under repurchase agreements of  $3.5 billion  and  $3.0 billion , respectively, accounted for at fair value. (d) There were no securities loaned accounted for at fair value at  December 31, 2015  and 2014, respectively. (e) Included  $45 million  and  $271 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, of securities loaned where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained with respect to the master netting agreement. The following table presents information as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  regarding the securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned for which an appropriate legal opinion has been obtained with respect to the master netting agreement. The below table excludes information related to repurchase agreements and securities loaned where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained.     2015   2014       Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (a)         Amounts not nettable on  the Consolidated balance sheets (a)   December 31, (in millions) Net liability balance   Financial instruments (b) Cash collateral Net amount (c)   Net liability balance   Financial instruments (b)   Cash collateral Net amount (c) Securities sold under repurchase agreements with an appropriate legal opinion $ 121,157   $ (117,825 ) $ (1,007 ) $ 2,325   $ 147,810   $ (145,732 )   $ (497 ) $ 1,581 Securities loaned $ 22,511   $ (22,245 ) $ — $ 266   $ 25,656   $ (25,287 )   $ — $ 369 (a) For some counterparties the sum of the financial instruments and cash collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets may exceed the net liability balance. Where this is the case the total amounts reported in these two columns are limited to the balance of the net repurchase agreement or securities loaned liability with that counterparty. (b) Includes financial instrument collateral transferred, reverse repurchase assets and securities borrowed assets with an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement; these amounts are not presented net on the Consolidated balance sheets because other U.S. GAAP netting criteria are not met. (c) Net amount represents exposure of counterparties to the Firm. 240   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Effective April 1, 2015,  the Firm  adopted new accounting guidance, which requires enhanced disclosures with respect to the types of financial assets pledged in secured financing transactions and the remaining contractual maturity of the secured financing transactions; the following tables present this information as of   December 31, 2015 .   Gross liability balance December 31, 2015 (in millions) Securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Mortgage-backed securities $ 12,790 $ — U.S. Treasury and government agencies 154,377 5 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,316 — Non-U.S. government debt 80,162 4,426 Corporate debt securities 21,286 78 Asset-backed securities 4,394 — Equity securities 15,719 18,047 Total $ 290,044 $ 22,556   Remaining contractual maturity of the agreements   Overnight and continuous     Greater than  90 days   December 31, 2015 (in millions) Up to 30 days 30 – 90 days Total Total securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 114,595 $ 100,082 $ 29,955 $ 45,412 $ 290,044 Total securities loaned 8,320 708 793 12,735 22,556 Transfers not qualifying for sale accounting   At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  held   $7.5 billion  and  $13.8 billion ,  respectively, of financial assets for which the rights have been transferred to third parties; however, the transfers did not qualify as a sale in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These transfers have been recognized as collateralized financing transactions.   The transferred assets are recorded in trading assets and loans, and the corresponding liabilities are predominantly recorded in other borrowed funds on the Consolidated balance sheets.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   241 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 14 – Loans Loan accounting framework The accounting for a loan depends on management’s strategy for the loan, and on whether the loan was credit-impaired at the date of acquisition.  The Firm  accounts for loans based on the following categories: • Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment (i.e., “retained”), other than purchased credit-impaired (“PCI”) loans • Loans held-for-sale • Loans at fair value • PCI loans held-for-investment The following provides a detailed accounting discussion of these loan categories: Loans held-for-investment (other than PCI loans) Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment, other than PCI loans, are measured at the principal amount outstanding, net of the following: allowance for loan losses; charge-offs; interest applied to principal (for loans accounted for on the cost recovery method); unamortized discounts and premiums; and net deferred loan fees or costs. Credit card loans also include billed finance charges and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. Interest income Interest income on performing loans held-for-investment, other than PCI loans, is accrued and recognized as interest income at the contractual rate of interest. Purchase price discounts or premiums, as well as net deferred loan fees or costs, are amortized into interest income over the life of the loan to produce a level rate of return.   Nonaccrual loans   Nonaccrual loans are those on which the accrual of interest has been suspended. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status and considered nonperforming when full payment of principal and interest is in doubt, or when principal and interest has been in default for a period of   90 days   or more, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. A loan is determined to be past due when the minimum payment is not received from the borrower by the contractually specified due date or for certain loans (e.g., residential real estate loans), when a monthly payment is due and unpaid for   30 days   or more. Finally, collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status.   On the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest accrued but not collected is reversed against interest income. In addition, the amortization of deferred amounts is suspended. Interest income on nonaccrual loans may be recognized as cash interest payments are received (i.e., on a cash basis) if the recorded loan balance is deemed fully collectible; however, if there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of the recorded loan balance, all interest cash receipts are applied to reduce the    carrying value of the loan (the cost recovery method). For consumer loans, application of this policy typically results in  the Firm  recognizing interest income on nonaccrual consumer loans on a cash basis.   A loan may be returned to accrual status when repayment is reasonably assured and there has been demonstrated performance under the terms of the loan or, if applicable, the terms of the restructured loan.   As permitted by regulatory guidance, credit card loans are generally exempt from being placed on nonaccrual status; accordingly, interest and fees related to credit card loans continue to accrue until the loan is charged off or paid in full. However,  the Firm  separately establishes an allowance for the estimated uncollectible portion of accrued interest and fee income on credit card loans. The allowance is established with a charge to interest income and is reported as an offset to loans.   Allowance for loan losses   The allowance for loan losses represents the estimated probable credit losses inherent in the held-for-investment loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. Changes in the allowance for loan losses are recorded in the provision for credit losses on  the Firm’s  Consolidated statements of income. See Note  15  for further information on  the Firm’s  accounting policies for the allowance for loan losses.   Charge-offs   Consumer loans, other than risk-rated business banking, risk-rated auto and PCI loans, are generally charged off or charged down to the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (i.e., fair value less costs to sell), with an offset to the allowance for loan losses, upon reaching specified stages of delinquency in accordance with standards established by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”). Residential real estate loans, non-modified credit card loans and scored business banking loans are generally charged off at   180 days   past due.   Auto and student loans are charged off no later than   120 days   past due, and modified credit card loans are charged off at   120 days   past due.   Certain consumer loans will be charged off earlier than the FFIEC charge-off standards in certain circumstances as follows:   • A charge-off is recognized when a loan is modified in a troubled debt restructuring (“TDR”) if the loan is determined to be collateral-dependent. A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral, rather than by cash flows from the borrower’s operations, income or other resources.   • Loans to borrowers who have experienced an event (e.g., bankruptcy) that suggests a loss is either known or highly certain are subject to accelerated charge-off standards. Residential real estate and auto loans are charged off when the loan becomes   60 days   past due, or sooner if the loan is determined to be collateral- 242   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report dependent. Credit card and scored business banking loans are charged off within   60 days   of receiving notification of the bankruptcy filing or other event. Student loans are generally charged off when the loan becomes   60 days   past due after receiving notification of a bankruptcy.   • Auto loans are written down to net realizable value upon repossession of the automobile and after a redemption period (i.e., the period during which a borrower may cure the loan) has passed.   Other than in certain limited circumstances,  the Firm  typically does not recognize charge-offs on government-guaranteed loans.   Wholesale loans, risk-rated business banking loans and risk-rated auto loans are charged off when it is highly certain that a loss has been realized, including situations where a loan is determined to be both impaired and collateral-dependent. The determination of whether to recognize a charge-off includes many factors, including the prioritization of  the Firm’s  claim in bankruptcy, expectations of the workout/restructuring of the loan and valuation of the borrower’s equity or the loan collateral.   When a loan is charged down to the estimated net realizable value, the determination of the fair value of the collateral depends on the type of collateral (e.g., securities, real estate). In cases where the collateral is in the form of liquid securities, the fair value is based on quoted market prices or broker quotes. For illiquid securities or other financial assets, the fair value of the collateral is estimated using a discounted cash flow model.   For residential real estate loans, collateral values are based upon external valuation sources. When it becomes likely that a borrower is either unable or unwilling to pay,  the Firm  obtains a broker’s price opinion of the home based on an exterior-only valuation (“exterior opinions”), which is then updated at least every   six months   thereafter. As soon as practicable after  the Firm  receives the property in satisfaction of a debt (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession), generally, either through foreclosure or upon the execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure transaction with the borrower,  the Firm  obtains an appraisal based on an inspection that includes the interior of the home (“interior appraisals”). Exterior opinions and interior appraisals are discounted based upon  the Firm’s  experience with actual liquidation values as compared with the estimated values provided by exterior opinions and interior appraisals, considering state- and product-specific factors.   For commercial real estate loans, collateral values are generally based on appraisals from internal and external valuation sources. Collateral values are typically updated every   six   to   twelve months ,  either by obtaining a new appraisal or by performing an internal analysis, in accordance with  the Firm’s  policies.  The Firm  also considers both borrower- and market-specific factors, which may result in obtaining appraisal updates or broker price opinions at more frequent intervals.     Loans held-for-sale   Held-for-sale loans are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. For consumer loans, the valuation is performed on a portfolio basis. For wholesale loans, the valuation is performed on an individual loan basis.   Interest income on loans held-for-sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest.   Loan origination fees or costs and purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred in a contra loan account until the related loan is sold. The deferred fees and discounts or premiums are an adjustment to the basis of the loan and therefore are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and/or the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale.   Held-for-sale loans are subject to the nonaccrual policies described above.   Because held-for-sale loans are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value,  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.   Loans at fair value   Loans used in a market-making strategy or risk managed on a fair value basis are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in noninterest revenue.   For these loans, the earned current contractual interest payment is recognized in interest income. Changes in fair value are recognized in noninterest revenue. Loan origination fees are recognized upfront in noninterest revenue. Loan origination costs are recognized in the associated expense category as incurred.   Because these loans are recognized at fair value,  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.   See Note  4  for further information on  the Firm’s  elections of fair value accounting under the fair value option. See Note  3  and Note  4  for further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as trading assets.   PCI loans   PCI loans held-for-investment are initially measured at fair value. PCI loans have evidence of credit deterioration since the loan’s origination date and therefore it is probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments will not be collected. Because PCI loans are initially measured at fair value, which includes an estimate of future credit losses, no allowance for loan losses related to PCI loans is recorded at the acquisition date. See   page 255   of this Note for information on accounting for PCI loans subsequent to their acquisition.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   243 Notes to consolidated financial statements Loan classification changes   Loans in the held-for-investment portfolio that management decides to sell are transferred to the held-for-sale portfolio at the lower of cost or fair value on the date of transfer. Credit-related losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses; non-credit related losses such as those due to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates are recognized in noninterest revenue.   In the event that management decides to retain a loan in the held-for-sale portfolio, the loan is transferred to the held-for-investment portfolio at the lower of cost or fair value on the date of transfer. These loans are subsequently assessed for impairment based on  the Firm’s  allowance methodology. For a further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses, see Note  15. Loan modifications   The Firm  seeks to modify certain loans in conjunction with its loss-mitigation activities. Through the modification,   JPMorgan Chase   grants one or more concessions to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulty in order to minimize  the Firm’s  economic loss, avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral, and to ultimately maximize payments received by  the Firm  from the borrower. The concessions granted vary by program and by borrower-specific characteristics, and may include interest rate reductions, term extensions, payment deferrals, principal forgiveness, or the acceptance of equity or other assets in lieu of payments.   Such modifications are accounted for and reported as TDRs. A loan that has been modified in a TDR is generally considered to be impaired until it matures, is repaid, or is otherwise liquidated, regardless of whether the borrower performs under the modified terms. In certain limited cases, the effective interest rate applicable to the modified loan is at or above the current market rate at the time of the restructuring. In such circumstances, and assuming that the loan subsequently performs under its modified terms and  the Firm  expects to collect all contractual principal and interest cash flows, the loan is disclosed as impaired and as a TDR only during the year of the modification; in subsequent years, the loan is not disclosed as an impaired loan or as a TDR so long as repayment of the restructured loan under its modified terms is reasonably assured.   Loans, except for credit card loans, modified in a TDR are generally placed on nonaccrual status, although in many cases such loans were already on nonaccrual status prior to modification. These loans may be returned to performing status (the accrual of interest is resumed) if the following criteria are met: (a) the borrower has performed under the modified terms for a minimum of   six months   and/or   six   payments, and (b)  the Firm  has an expectation that repayment of the modified loan is reasonably assured based on, for example, the borrower’s debt capacity and level of future earnings, collateral values, loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios, and other current market considerations. In certain limited and well-defined circumstances in which the loan is current at the modification date, such loans are not placed on nonaccrual status at the time of modification.   Because loans modified in TDRs are considered to be impaired, these loans are measured for impairment using  the Firm’s  established asset-specific allowance methodology, which considers the expected re-default rates for the modified loans. A loan modified in a TDR generally remains subject to the asset-specific allowance methodology throughout its remaining life, regardless of whether the loan is performing and has been returned to accrual status and/or the loan has been removed from the impaired loans disclosures (i.e., loans restructured at market rates). For further discussion of the methodology used to estimate  the Firm’s  asset-specific allowance, see Note  15. Foreclosed property   The Firm  acquires property from borrowers through loan restructurings, workouts, and foreclosures. Property acquired may include real property (e.g., residential real estate, land, and buildings) and commercial and personal property (e.g., automobiles, aircraft, railcars, and ships).   The Firm  recognizes foreclosed property upon receiving assets in satisfaction of a loan (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession). For loans collateralized by real property,  the Firm  generally recognizes the asset received at foreclosure sale or upon the execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure transaction with the borrower. Foreclosed assets are reported in other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets and initially recognized at fair value less costs to sell. Each quarter the fair value of the acquired property is reviewed and adjusted, if necessary, to the lower of cost or fair value. Subsequent adjustments to fair value are charged/credited to noninterest revenue. Operating expense, such as real estate taxes and maintenance, are charged to other expense. 244   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Loan portfolio   The Firm’s  loan portfolio is divided into three portfolio segments, which are the same segments used by  the Firm  to determine the allowance for loan losses: Consumer, excluding credit card; Credit card; and Wholesale. Within each portfolio segment,  the Firm  monitors and assesses the credit risk in the following classes of loans, based on the risk characteristics of each loan class:   Consumer, excluding  credit card (a)   Credit card   Wholesale (c) Residential real estate – excluding PCI • Home equity – senior lien • Home equity – junior lien • Prime mortgage, including      option ARMs • Subprime mortgage Other consumer loans • Auto (b) • Business banking (b) • Student and other Residential real estate – PCI • Home equity • Prime mortgage • Subprime mortgage • Option ARMs   • Credit card loans   • Commercial and industrial • Real estate • Financial institutions • Government agencies • Other (d) (a) Includes loans held in CCB, prime mortgage and home equity loans held in AM and prime mortgage loans held in Corporate. (b) Includes certain business banking and auto dealer risk-rated loans that apply the wholesale methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses; these loans are managed by CCB, and therefore, for consistency in presentation, are included with the other consumer loan classes. (c) Includes loans held in CIB, CB, AM and Corporate. Excludes prime mortgage and home equity loans held in AM and prime mortgage loans held in Corporate. Classes are internally defined and may not align with regulatory definitions. (d) Includes loans to: individuals; SPEs; holding companies; and private education and civic organizations. For more information on exposures to SPEs, see Note 16. The following tables summarize  the Firm’s  loan balances by portfolio segment.   December 31, 2015 Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card (a) Wholesale Total   (in millions)   Retained   $ 344,355     $ 131,387     $ 357,050     $ 832,792 (b)   Held-for-sale   466     76     1,104     1,646   At fair value   —     —     2,861     2,861   Total   $ 344,821     $ 131,463     $ 361,015     $ 837,299                             December 31, 2014 Consumer, excluding credit card   Credit card (a)     Wholesale     Total   (in millions)   Retained   $ 294,979     $ 128,027     $ 324,502     $ 747,508 (b)   Held-for-sale   395     3,021     3,801     7,217   At fair value   —     —     2,611     2,611   Total   $ 295,374     $ 131,048     $ 330,914     $ 757,336   (a) Includes billed finance charges and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. (b) Loans (other than PCI loans and those for which the fair value option has been elected) are presented net of unearned income, unamortized discounts and premiums, and net deferred loan costs. These amounts were not material as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   245 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following tables provide information about the carrying value of retained loans purchased, sold and reclassified to held-for-sale during the periods indicated. These tables exclude loans recorded at fair value.   The Firm  manages its exposure to credit risk on an ongoing basis. Selling loans is one way that  the Firm  reduces its credit exposures.         2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 5,279 (a)(b)     $ —     $ 2,154     $ 7,433 Sales     5,099     —     9,188     14,287 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     1,514     79     642     2,235       2014 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 7,434 (a)(b)     $ —     $ 885     $ 8,319 Sales     6,655     — (c)     7,381     14,036 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     1,190     3,039     581     4,810       2013 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 7,616 (a)(b)     $ 328     $ 697     $ 8,641 Sales     4,845     —     4,232     9,077 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     1,261     309     5,641     7,211 (a) Purchases predominantly represent the Firm’s voluntary repurchase of certain delinquent loans from loan pools as permitted by Ginnie Mae guidelines. The Firm typically elects to repurchase these delinquent loans as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with applicable requirements of Ginnie Mae, the Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”), Rural Housing Services (“RHS”) and/or the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”). (b) Excludes purchases of retained loans sourced through the correspondent origination channel and underwritten in accordance with the Firm’s standards. Such purchases were  $50.3 billion ,  $15.1 billion  and  $5.7 billion  for the  years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. (c) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. The following table provides information about gains and losses, including lower of cost or fair value adjustments, on loan sales by portfolio segment.   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Net gains/(losses) on sales of loans (including lower of cost or fair value adjustments) (a)       Consumer, excluding credit card $ 305 $ 341 $ 313 Credit card 1 (241 ) 3 Wholesale 34 101 (76 ) Total net gains on sales of loans (including lower of cost or fair value adjustments) $ 340 $ 201 $ 240 (a) Excludes sales related to loans accounted for at fair value. 246   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Consumer, excluding credit card, loan portfolio Consumer loans, excluding credit card loans, consist primarily of residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto loans, business banking loans, and student and other loans, with a focus on serving the prime consumer credit market. The portfolio also includes home equity loans secured by junior liens, prime mortgage loans with an interest-only payment period, and certain payment-option loans originated by Washington Mutual that may result in negative amortization.   The table below provides information about retained consumer loans, excluding credit card, by class. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Residential real estate – excluding PCI     Home equity:     Senior lien $ 14,848 $ 16,367 Junior lien 30,711 36,375 Mortgages:     Prime, including option ARMs 162,549 104,921 Subprime 3,690 5,056 Other consumer loans     Auto 60,255 54,536 Business banking 21,208 20,058 Student and other 10,096 10,970 Residential real estate – PCI     Home equity 14,989 17,095 Prime mortgage 8,893 10,220 Subprime mortgage 3,263 3,673 Option ARMs 13,853 15,708 Total retained loans $ 344,355 $ 294,979 Delinquency rates are a primary credit quality indicator for consumer loans. Loans that are more than   30 days   past due provide an early warning of borrowers who may be experiencing financial difficulties and/or who may be unable or unwilling to repay the loan. As the loan continues to age, it becomes more clear that the borrower is likely either unable or unwilling to pay. In the case of residential real estate loans, late-stage delinquencies (greater than   150 days   past due) are a strong indicator of loans that will ultimately result in a foreclosure or similar liquidation transaction. In addition to delinquency rates, other credit quality indicators for consumer loans vary based on the class of loan, as follows:   • For residential real estate loans, including both non-PCI and PCI portfolios, the current estimated LTV ratio, or the combined LTV ratio in the case of junior lien loans, is an indicator of the potential loss severity in the event of default. Additionally, LTV or combined LTV can provide    insight into a borrower’s continued willingness to pay, as the delinquency rate of high-LTV loans tends to be greater than that for loans where the borrower has equity in the collateral. The geographic distribution of the loan collateral also provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio, as factors such as the regional economy, home price changes and specific events such as natural disasters, will affect credit quality. The borrower’s current or “refreshed” FICO score is a secondary credit-quality indicator for certain loans, as FICO scores are an indication of the borrower’s credit payment history. Thus, a loan to a borrower with a low FICO score  ( 660   or below) is considered to be of higher risk than a loan to a borrower with a high FICO score. Further, a loan to a borrower with a high LTV ratio and a low FICO score is at greater risk of default than a loan to a borrower that has both a high LTV ratio and a high FICO score. • For scored auto, scored business banking and student loans, geographic distribution is an indicator of the credit performance of the portfolio. Similar to residential real estate loans, geographic distribution provides insights into the portfolio performance based on regional economic activity and events. • Risk-rated business banking and auto loans are similar to wholesale loans in that the primary credit quality indicators are the risk rating that is assigned to the loan and whether the loans are considered to be criticized and/or nonaccrual. Risk ratings are reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and are adjusted as necessary for updated information about borrowers’ ability to fulfill their obligations. For further information about risk-rated wholesale loan credit quality indicators, see   pages 259–260   of this Note.   Residential real estate — excluding PCI loans   The following table provides information by class for residential real estate — excluding retained PCI loans in the consumer, excluding credit card, portfolio segment.   The following factors should be considered in analyzing certain credit statistics applicable to  the Firm’s  residential real estate — excluding PCI loans portfolio: (i) junior lien home equity loans may be fully charged off when the loan becomes   180 days   past due, and the value of the collateral does not support the repayment of the loan, resulting in relatively high charge-off rates for this product class; and (ii) the lengthening of loss-mitigation timelines may result in higher delinquency rates for loans carried at the net realizable value of the collateral that remain on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   247 Notes to consolidated financial statements Residential real estate – excluding PCI loans                       Home equity (i)   Mortgages     December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Senior lien   Junior lien   Prime, including option ARMs (i)   Subprime   Total residential real estate – excluding PCI 2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Loan delinquency (a)                             Current $ 14,278 $ 15,730   $ 30,021 $ 35,575   $ 153,323 $ 93,951   $ 3,140 $ 4,296   $ 200,762 $ 149,552 30–149 days past due 238 275   470 533   3,666 4,091   376 489   4,750 5,388 150 or more days past due 332 362   220 267   5,560 6,879   174 271   6,286 7,779 Total retained loans $ 14,848 $ 16,367   $ 30,711 $ 36,375   $ 162,549 $ 104,921   $ 3,690 $ 5,056   $ 211,798 $ 162,719 % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (b) 3.84 % 3.89 %   2.25 % 2.20 %   0.71 % 1.42 %   14.91 % 15.03 %   1.40 % 2.27 % 90 or more days past due and government guarantee d (c) — —   — —   6,056 7,544   — —   6,056 7,544 Nonaccrual loans 867 938   1,324 1,590   1,752 2,190   751 1,036   4,694 5,754 Current estimated LTV ratios (d)(e)(f)(g)                             Greater than 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 $ 42 $ 37   $ 123 $ 252   $ 56 $ 97   $ 2 $ 4   $ 223 $ 390 Less than 660 3 6   29 65   65 72   12 28   109 171 101% to 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 50 83   1,294 2,105   249 478   25 76   1,618 2,742 Less than 660 23 40   411 651   190 282   101 207   725 1,180 80% to 100% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 311 466   4,226 5,849   3,013 2,686   146 382   7,696 9,383 Less than 660 142 206   1,267 1,647   597 838   399 703   2,405 3,394 Less than 80% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 11,721 12,588   17,927 19,435   140,942 82,350   1,299 1,624   171,889 115,997 Less than 660 1,942 2,184   2,992 3,326   5,280 4,872   1,517 1,795   11,731 12,177 No FICO/LTV available 614 757   2,442 3,045   1,469 1,136   189 237   4,714 5,175 U.S. government-guaranteed — —   — —   10,688 12,110   — —   10,688 12,110 Total retained loans $ 14,848 $ 16,367   $ 30,711 $ 36,375   $ 162,549 $ 104,921   $ 3,690 $ 5,056   $ 211,798 $ 162,719 Geographic region                             California $ 2,072 $ 2,232   $ 6,873 $ 8,144   $ 46,745 $ 28,133   $ 518 $ 718   $ 56,208 $ 39,227 New York 2,583 2,805   6,564 7,685   20,941 16,550   521 677   30,609 27,717 Illinois 1,189 1,306   2,231 2,605   11,379 6,654   145 207   14,944 10,772 Texas 1,581 1,845   951 1,087   8,986 4,935   142 177   11,660 8,044 Florida 797 861   1,612 1,923   6,763 5,106   414 632   9,586 8,522 New Jersey 647 654   1,943 2,233   5,395 3,361   172 227   8,157 6,475 Washington 442 506   1,009 1,216   4,097 2,410   79 109   5,627 4,241 Arizona 815 927   1,328 1,595   3,081 1,805   74 112   5,298 4,439 Michigan 650 736   700 848   1,866 1,203   79 121   3,295 2,908 Ohio 1,014 1,150   638 778   1,166 615   81 112   2,899 2,655 All other (h) 3,058 3,345   6,862 8,261   52,130 34,149   1,465 1,964   63,515 47,719 Total retained loans $ 14,848 $ 16,367   $ 30,711 $ 36,375   $ 162,549 $ 104,921   $ 3,690 $ 5,056   $ 211,798 $ 162,719 (a) Individual delinquency classifications include mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies as follows: current included  $2.6 billion  and  $2.6 billion ;  30 – 149  days past due included  $3.2 billion  and  $3.5 billion ; and  150  or more days past due included  $4.9 billion  and  $6.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , Prime, including option ARMs loans excluded mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $8.1 billion  and  $9.5 billion , respectively. These amounts have been excluded from nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee. (c) These balances, which are  90 days  or more past due, were excluded from nonaccrual loans as the loans are guaranteed by U.S government agencies. Typically the principal balance of the loans is insured and interest is guaranteed at a specified reimbursement rate subject to meeting agreed-upon servicing guidelines. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , these balances included  $3.4 billion  and  $4.2 billion , respectively, of loans that are no longer accruing interest based on the agreed-upon servicing guidelines. For the remaining balance, interest is being accrued at the guaranteed reimbursement rate. There were no loans not guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are 90 or more days past due and still accruing at December 31, 2015 and 2014. (d) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. These property values do not represent actual appraised loan level collateral values; as such, the resulting ratios are necessarily imprecise and should be viewed as estimates. Effective December 31, 2015, the current estimated LTV ratios reflect updates to the nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporated into the Firm’s home valuation models. The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with these updates in the home price index. (e) Junior lien represents combined LTV, which considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. All other products are presented without consideration of subordinate liens on the property. (f) Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis. (g) The current period current estimated LTV ratios disclosures have been updated to reflect where either the FICO score or estimated property value is unavailable. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. (h) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $10.7 billion  and  $12.1 billion , respectively. (i) Includes residential real estate loans to private banking clients in AM, for which the primary credit quality indicators are the borrower’s financial position and LTV. 248   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table represent  the Firm’s  delinquency statistics for junior lien home equity loans and lines as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .     Total loans   Total 30+ day delinquency rate December 31,   2015 2014   2015 2014 (in millions, except ratios)     HELOCs: (a)             Within the revolving period (b)   $ 17,050 25,252   1.57 % 1.75 % Beyond the revolving period   11,252 7,979   3.10 3.16 HELOANs   2,409 3,144   3.03 3.34 Total   $ 30,711 36,375   2.25 % 2.20 % (a) These HELOCs are predominantly revolving loans for a  10 -year period, after which time the HELOC converts to a loan with a  20 -year amortization period, but also include HELOCs originated by Washington Mutual that allow interest-only payments beyond the revolving period. (b) The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by closing or reducing the undrawn line to the extent permitted by law when borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty or when the collateral does not support the loan amount. Home equity lines of credit (“HELOCs”) beyond the revolving period and home equity loans (“HELOANs”) have higher delinquency rates than do HELOCs within the revolving period. That is primarily because the fully-amortizing payment that is generally required for those products is higher than the minimum payment options   available for HELOCs within the revolving period. The higher delinquency rates associated with amortizing HELOCs and HELOANs are factored into the loss estimates produced by  the Firm’s  delinquency roll-rate methodology, which estimates defaults based on the current delinquency status of a portfolio. Impaired loans The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  residential real estate impaired loans, excluding PCI loans. These loans are considered to be impaired as they have been modified in a TDR. All impaired loans are evaluated for an asset-specific allowance as described in Note  15.   Home equity   Mortgages   Total residential  real estate  – excluding PCI December 31,  (in millions) Senior lien   Junior lien   Prime, including  option ARMs   Subprime   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Impaired loans                             With an allowance $ 557 $ 552   $ 736 $ 722   $ 3,850 $ 4,949   $ 1,393 $ 2,239   $ 6,536 $ 8,462 Without an allowance (a) 491 549   574 582   976 1,196   471 639   2,512 2,966 Total impaired loans (b)(c) $ 1,048 $ 1,101   $ 1,310 $ 1,304   $ 4,826 $ 6,145   $ 1,864 $ 2,878   $ 9,048 $ 11,428 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 53 $ 84   $ 85 $ 147   $ 93 $ 127   $ 15 $ 64   $ 246 $ 422 Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (d) 1,370 1,451   2,590 2,603   6,225 7,813   2,857 4,200   13,042 16,067 Impaired loans on nonaccrual status (e) 581 628   639 632   1,287 1,559   670 931   3,177 3,750 (a) Represents collateral-dependent residential mortgage loans that are charged off to the fair value of the underlying collateral less cost to sell. The Firm reports, in accordance with regulatory guidance, residential real estate loans that have been discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower (“Chapter 7 loans”) as collateral-dependent nonaccrual TDRs, regardless of their delinquency status. At  December 31, 2015 , Chapter 7 residential real estate loans included approximately  17%  of senior lien home equity,  9%  of junior lien home equity,  18%  of prime mortgages, including option ARMs, and  15%  of subprime mortgages that were  30 days  or more past due. (b) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  $3.8 billion  and  $4.9 billion , respectively, of loans modified subsequent to repurchase from Government National Mortgage Association (“Ginnie Mae”) in accordance with the standards of the appropriate government agency (i.e., FHA, VA, RHS) are not included in the table above. When such loans perform subsequent to modification in accordance with Ginnie Mae guidelines, they are generally sold back into Ginnie Mae loan pools. Modified loans that do not re-perform become subject to foreclosure. (c) Predominantly all residential real estate impaired loans, excluding PCI loans, are in the U.S. (d) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors, including charge-offs, net deferred loan fees or costs; and unamortized discounts or premiums on purchased loans. (e) As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , nonaccrual loans included  $2.5 billion  and  $2.9 billion , respectively, of TDRs for which the borrowers were less than  90 days  past due. For additional information about loans modified in a TDR that are on nonaccrual status refer to the Loan accounting framework on  pages 242–244  of this Note. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   249 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents average impaired loans and the related interest income reported by  the Firm. Year ended December 31, Average impaired loans   Interest income on impaired loans (a)   Interest income on impaired  loans on a cash basis (a) (in millions) 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Home equity                       Senior lien $ 1,077 $ 1,122 $ 1,151   $ 51 $ 55 $ 59   $ 35 $ 37 $ 40 Junior lien 1,292 1,313 1,297   77 82 82   50 53 55 Mortgages                       Prime, including option ARMs 5,397 6,730 7,214   217 262 280   46 54 59 Subprime 2,300 3,444 3,798   131 182 200   41 51 55 Total residential real estate – excluding PCI $ 10,066 $ 12,609 $ 13,460   $ 476 $ 581 $ 621   $ 172 $ 195 $ 209 (a) Generally, interest income on loans modified in TDRs is recognized on a cash basis until such time as the borrower has made a minimum of  six  payments under the new terms. Loan modifications   Modifications of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, are generally accounted for and reported as TDRs. There were no additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, have been modified in TDRs.     The following table presents new TDRs reported by  the Firm. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Home equity:       Senior lien $ 108 $ 110 $ 210 Junior lien 293 211 388 Mortgages:       Prime, including option ARMs 209 287 770 Subprime 58 124 319 Total residential real estate – excluding PCI $ 668 $ 732 $ 1,687 250   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Nature and extent of modifications The U.S. Treasury’s Making Home Affordable (“MHA”) programs, as well as  the Firm’s  proprietary modification programs, generally provide various concessions to financially troubled borrowers including, but not limited to, interest rate reductions, term or payment extensions and deferral of principal and/or interest payments that would otherwise have been required under the terms of the original agreement. The following table provides information about how residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, were modified under  the Firm’s  loss mitigation programs during the periods presented. This table excludes Chapter 7 loans where the sole concession granted is the discharge of debt. Year ended Dec. 31, Home equity   Mortgages   Total residential real estate  – excluding PCI Senior lien   Junior lien   Prime, including  option ARMs   Subprime   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Number of loans approved for a trial modification 1,345 939 1,719   2,588 626 884   1,103 1,052 2,846   1,608 2,056 4,233   6,644 4,673 9,682 Number of loans permanently modified 1,096 1,171 1,765   3,200 2,813 5,040   1,495 2,507 4,356   1,650 3,141 5,364   7,441 9,632 16,525 Concession granted: (a)                                       Interest rate reduction 75 % 53 % 70 %   63 % 84 % 88 %   72 % 43 % 73 %   71 % 47 % 72 %   68 % 58 % 77 % Term or payment extension 86 67 76   90 83 80   80 51 73   82 53 56   86 63 70 Principal and/or interest deferred 32 16 12   19 23 24   34 19 30   21 12 13   24 18 21 Principal forgiveness 4 36 38   8 22 32   24 51 38   31 53 48   16 41 39 Other (b) — — —   — — —   9 10 23   13 10 14   5 6 11 (a) Represents concessions granted in permanent modifications as a percentage of the number of loans permanently modified. The sum of the percentages exceeds  100%  because predominantly all of the modifications include more than one type of concession. A significant portion of trial modifications include interest rate reductions and/or term or payment extensions. (b) Represents variable interest rate to fixed interest rate modifications. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   251 Notes to consolidated financial statements Financial effects of modifications and redefaults The following table provides information about the financial effects of the various concessions granted in modifications of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI, under  the Firm’s  loss mitigation programs and about redefaults of certain loans modified in TDRs for the periods presented. Because the specific types and amounts of concessions offered to borrowers frequently change between the trial modification and the permanent modification, the following table presents only the financial effects of permanent modifications. This table also excludes Chapter 7 loans where the sole concession granted is the discharge of debt. Year ended  December 31, (in millions, except weighted-average data and number of loans) Home equity   Mortgages   Total residential real estate – excluding PCI Senior lien   Junior lien   Prime, including  option ARMs   Subprime   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Weighted-average interest rate of loans with interest rate reductions – before TDR 5.69 % 6.38 % 6.35 %   4.93 % 4.81 % 5.05 %   5.03 % 4.82 % 5.28 %   6.67 % 7.16 % 7.33 %   5.51 % 5.61 % 5.88 % Weighted-average interest rate of loans with interest rate reductions – after TDR 2.70 3.03 3.23   2.17 2.00 2.14   2.55 2.69 2.77   3.15 3.37 3.52   2.64 2.78 2.92 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions – before TDR 17 17 19   18 19 20   25 25 25   24 24 24   22 23 23 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions – after TDR 32 30 31   36 35 34   37 37 37   36 36 35   36 36 36 Charge-offs recognized upon permanent modification $ 1 $ 2 $ 7   $ 3 $ 25 $ 70   $ 9 $ 9 $ 16   $ 2 $ 3 $ 5   $ 15 $ 39 $ 98 Principal deferred 13 5 7   14 11 24   41 39 129   17 19 43   85 74 203 Principal forgiven 2 14 30   4 21 51   34 83 206   32 89 218   72 207 505 Balance of loans that redefaulted within one year of permanent modification (a) $ 14 $ 19 $ 26   $ 7 $ 10 $ 20   $ 75 $ 121 $ 164   $ 58 $ 93 $ 106   $ 154 $ 243 $ 316 (a) Represents loans permanently modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within  one year  of the modification. The dollar amounts presented represent the balance of such loans at the end of the reporting period in which such loans defaulted. For residential real estate loans modified in TDRs, payment default is deemed to occur when the loan becomes  two  contractual payments past due. In the event that a modified loan redefaults, it is probable that the loan will ultimately be liquidated through foreclosure or another similar type of liquidation transaction. Redefaults of loans modified within the last  12 months  may not be representative of ultimate redefault levels. At   December 31, 2015 ,  the weighted-average estimated remaining lives of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, permanently modified in TDRs were   10 years   for senior lien home equity,   9 years   for junior lien home equity,   10 years  for prime mortgages, including option ARMs, and   8 years   for subprime mortgage. The estimated remaining lives of these loans reflect estimated prepayments, both voluntary and involuntary (i.e., foreclosures and other forced liquidations).   Active and suspended foreclosure   At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had non-PCI residential real estate loans, excluding those insured by U.S. government agencies, with a carrying value of   $1.2 billion  and  $1.5 billion ,  respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. 252   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Other consumer loans The table below provides information for other consumer retained loan classes, including auto, business banking and student loans. December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Auto   Business banking   Student and other   Total other consumer   2015   2014   2015 2014   2015   2014   2015   2014   Loan delinquency (a)                               Current $ 59,442   $ 53,866   $ 20,887 $ 19,710   $ 9,405   $ 10,080   $ 89,734   $ 83,656   30–119 days past due 804   663   215 208   445   576   1,464   1,447   120 or more days past due 9   7   106 140   246   314   361   461   Total retained loans $ 60,255   $ 54,536   $ 21,208 $ 20,058   $ 10,096   $ 10,970   $ 91,559   $ 85,564   % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 1.35 %   1.23 %   1.51 % 1.73 %   1.63 % (d)   2.15 % (d)   1.42 % (d)   1.47 % (d)   90 or more days past due and still accruing  (b) $ —   $ —   $ — $ —   $ 290   $ 367   $ 290   $ 367   Nonaccrual loans 116   115   263 279   242   270   621   664   Geographic region                   California $ 7,186   $ 6,294   $ 3,530 $ 3,008   $ 1,051   $ 1,143   $ 11,767   $ 10,445   New York 3,874   3,662   3,359 3,187   1,224   1,259   8,457   8,108   Illinois 3,678   3,175   1,459 1,373   679   729   5,816   5,277   Texas 6,457   5,608   2,622 2,626   839   868   9,918   9,102   Florida 2,843   2,301   941 827   516   521   4,300   3,649   New Jersey 1,998   1,945   500 451   366   378   2,864   2,774   Washington 1,135   1,019   264 258   212   235   1,611   1,512   Arizona 2,033   2,003   1,205 1,083   236   239   3,474   3,325   Michigan 1,550   1,633   1,361 1,375   415   466   3,326   3,474   Ohio 2,340   2,157   1,363 1,354   559   629   4,262   4,140   All other 27,161   24,739   4,604 4,516   3,999   4,503   35,764   33,758   Total retained loans $ 60,255   $ 54,536   $ 21,208 $ 20,058   $ 10,096   $ 10,970   $ 91,559   $ 85,564   Loans by risk ratings (c)                               Noncriticized $ 11,277   $ 9,822   $ 15,505 $ 14,619   NA   NA   $ 26,782   $ 24,441   Criticized performing 76   35   815 708   NA   NA   891   743   Criticized nonaccrual —   —   210 213   NA   NA   210   213   (a) Student loan delinquency classifications included loans   insured by U.S. government agencies under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (“FFELP”) as follows: current included  $3.8 billion  and  $4.3 billion ;  30 - 119 days  past due included  $299 million  and  $364 million ; and  120  or more days past due included  $227 million  and  $290 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (b) These amounts represent student loans, which are insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP. These amounts were accruing as reimbursement of insured amounts is proceeding normally. (c) For risk-rated business banking and auto loans, the primary credit quality indicator is the risk rating of the loan, including whether the loans are considered to be criticized and/or nonaccrual. (d) December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excluded loans  30 days  or more past due and still accruing, which are insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP, of  $526 million  and  $654 million , respectively. These amounts were excluded as reimbursement of insured amounts is proceeding normally. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   253 Notes to consolidated financial statements Other consumer impaired loans and loan modifications   The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  other consumer impaired loans, including risk-rated business banking and auto loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status, and loans that have been modified in TDRs.   December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Impaired loans     With an allowance $ 527 $ 557 Without an allowance (a) 31 35 Total impaired loans (b)(c) $ 558 $ 592 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 118 $ 117 Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (d) 668 719 Impaired loans on nonaccrual status 449 456 (a) When discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the recorded investment in the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the impaired loans have been partially charged off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance. (b) Predominantly all other consumer impaired loans are in the U.S. (c) Other consumer average impaired loans were  $566 million ,  $599 million  and  $648 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. The related interest income on impaired loans, including those on a cash basis, was not material for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . (d) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors, including charge-offs; interest payments received and applied to the principal balance; net deferred loan fees or costs; and unamortized discounts or premiums on purchased loans.   Loan modifications   Certain other consumer loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. All of these TDRs are reported as impaired loans in the table above. The following table provides information about  the Firm’s  other consumer loans modified in TDRs. New TDRs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Loans modified in TDRs (a)(b) $ 384 $ 442 TDRs on nonaccrual status 275 306 (a) The impact of these modifications was not material to the Firm for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . (b) Additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose loans have been modified in TDRs as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014  were immaterial. 254   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Purchased credit-impaired loans PCI loans are initially recorded at fair value at acquisition. PCI loans acquired in the same fiscal quarter may be aggregated into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. With respect to the Washington Mutual transaction, all of the consumer PCI loans were aggregated into pools of loans with common risk characteristics. On a quarterly basis,  the Firm  estimates the total cash flows (both principal and interest) expected to be collected over the remaining life of each pool. These estimates incorporate assumptions regarding default rates, loss severities, the amounts and timing of prepayments and other factors that reflect then-current market conditions. Probable decreases in expected cash flows (i.e., increased credit losses) trigger the recognition of impairment, which is then measured as the present value of the expected principal loss plus any related foregone interest cash flows, discounted at the pool’s effective interest rate. Impairments are recognized through the provision for credit losses and an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Probable and significant increases in expected cash flows (e.g., decreased credit losses, the net benefit of modifications) would first reverse any previously recorded allowance for loan losses with any remaining increases recognized prospectively as a yield adjustment over the remaining estimated lives of the underlying loans. The impacts of (i) prepayments, (ii) changes in variable interest rates, and (iii) any other changes in the timing of expected cash flows are recognized prospectively as adjustments to interest income. The Firm  continues to modify certain PCI loans. The impact of these modifications is incorporated into  the Firm’s  quarterly assessment of whether a probable and significant change in expected cash flows has occurred, and the loans continue to be accounted for and reported as PCI loans. In evaluating the effect of modifications on expected cash flows,  the Firm  incorporates the effect of any foregone interest and also considers the potential for redefault.  The Firm  develops product-specific probability of default estimates, which are used to compute expected credit losses. In developing these probabilities of default,  the Firm  considers the relationship between the credit quality characteristics of the underlying loans and certain assumptions about home prices and unemployment based upon industry-wide data.  The Firm  also considers its own historical loss experience to-date based on actual redefaulted modified PCI loans. The excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the carrying value of the underlying loans is referred to as the accretable yield. This amount is not reported on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets but is accreted into interest income at a level rate of return over the remaining estimated lives of the underlying pools of loans.   If the timing and/or amounts of expected cash flows on PCI loans were determined not to be reasonably estimable, no interest would be accreted and the loans would be reported as nonaccrual loans; however, since the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for  the Firm’s  PCI consumer loans are reasonably estimable, interest is being accreted and the loans are being reported as performing loans. The liquidation of PCI loans, which may include sales of loans, receipt of payment in full from the borrower, or foreclosure, results in removal of the loans from the underlying PCI pool. When the amount of the liquidation proceeds (e.g., cash, real estate), if any, is less than the unpaid principal balance of the loan, the difference is first applied against the PCI pool’s nonaccretable difference for principal losses (i.e., the lifetime credit loss estimate established as a purchase accounting adjustment at the acquisition date). When the nonaccretable difference for a particular loan pool has been fully depleted, any excess of the unpaid principal balance of the loan over the liquidation proceeds is written off against the PCI pool’s allowance for loan losses. Beginning in 2014, write-offs of PCI loans also include other adjustments, primarily related to interest forgiveness modifications. Because  the Firm’s  PCI loans are accounted for at a pool level,  the Firm  does not recognize charge-offs of PCI loans when they reach specified stages of delinquency (i.e., unlike non-PCI consumer loans, these loans are not charged off based on FFIEC standards). The PCI portfolio affects  the Firm’s  results of operations primarily through: (i) contribution to net interest margin; (ii) expense related to defaults and servicing resulting from the liquidation of the loans; and (iii) any provision for loan losses. The PCI loans acquired in the Washington Mutual transaction were funded based on the interest rate characteristics of the loans. For example, variable-rate loans were funded with variable-rate liabilities and fixed-rate loans were funded with fixed-rate liabilities with a similar maturity profile. A net spread will be earned on the declining balance of the portfolio, which is estimated as of   December 31, 2015 ,  to have a remaining weighted-average life of   9 years . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   255 Notes to consolidated financial statements Residential real estate – PCI loans The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  consumer, excluding credit card, PCI loans. December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Home equity   Prime mortgage   Subprime mortgage   Option ARMs   Total PCI 2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Carrying value (a) $ 14,989 $ 17,095   $ 8,893 $ 10,220   $ 3,263 $ 3,673   $ 13,853 $ 15,708   $ 40,998 $ 46,696 Related allowance for loan losses (b) 1,708 1,758   985 1,193   — 180   49 194   2,742 3,325 Loan delinquency (based on unpaid principal balance)                             Current $ 14,387 $ 16,295   $ 7,894 $ 8,912   $ 3,232 $ 3,565   $ 12,370 $ 13,814   $ 37,883 $ 42,586 30–149 days past due 322 445   424 500   439 536   711 858   1,896 2,339 150 or more days past due 633 1,000   601 837   380 551   1,272 1,824   2,886 4,212 Total loans $ 15,342 $ 17,740   $ 8,919 $ 10,249   $ 4,051 $ 4,652   $ 14,353 $ 16,496   $ 42,665 $ 49,137 % of 30+ days past due to total loans 6.22 % 8.15 %   11.49 % 13.05 %   20.22 % 23.37 %   13.82 % 16.26 %   11.21 % 13.33 % Current estimated LTV ratios (based on unpaid principal balance) (c)(d)(e)                             Greater than 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 $ 153 $ 301   $ 10 $ 22   $ 10 $ 22   $ 19 $ 50   $ 192 $ 395 Less than 660 80 159   28 52   55 106   36 84   199 401 101% to 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 942 1,448   120 268   77 144   166 330   1,305 2,190 Less than 660 444 728   152 284   220 390   239 448   1,055 1,850 80% to 100% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 2,709 3,591   816 1,405   331 451   977 1,695   4,833 7,142 Less than 660 1,136 1,485   614 969   643 911   1,050 1,610   3,443 4,975 Lower than 80% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 6,724 6,626   4,243 4,211   863 787   7,073 7,053   18,903 18,677 Less than 660 2,265 2,308   2,438 2,427   1,642 1,585   4,065 4,291   10,410 10,611 No FICO/LTV available 889 1,094   498 611   210 256   728 935   2,325 2,896 Total unpaid principal balance $ 15,342 $ 17,740   $ 8,919 $ 10,249   $ 4,051 $ 4,652   $ 14,353 $ 16,496   $ 42,665 $ 49,137 Geographic region (based on unpaid principal balance)                             California $ 9,205 $ 10,671   $ 5,172 $ 5,965   $ 1,005 $ 1,138   $ 8,108 $ 9,190   $ 23,490 $ 26,964 New York 788 876   580 672   400 463   813 933   2,581 2,944 Illinois 358 405   263 301   196 229   333 397   1,150 1,332 Texas 224 273   94 92   243 281   75 85   636 731 Florida 1,479 1,696   586 689   373 432   1,183 1,440   3,621 4,257 New Jersey 310 348   238 279   139 165   470 553   1,157 1,345 Washington 819 959   194 225   81 95   339 395   1,433 1,674 Arizona 281 323   143 167   76 85   203 227   703 802 Michigan 44 53   141 166   113 130   150 182   448 531 Ohio 17 20   45 48   62 72   61 69   185 209 All other 1,817 2,116   1,463 1,645   1,363 1,562   2,618 3,025   7,261 8,348 Total unpaid principal balance $ 15,342 $ 17,740   $ 8,919 $ 10,249   $ 4,051 $ 4,652   $ 14,353 $ 16,496   $ 42,665 $ 49,137 (a) Carrying value includes the effect of fair value adjustments that were applied to the consumer PCI portfolio at the date of acquisition. (b) Management concluded as part of the Firm’s regular assessment of the PCI loan pools that it was probable that higher expected credit losses would result in a decrease in expected cash flows. As a result, an allowance for loan losses for impairment of these pools has been recognized. (c) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. These property values do not represent actual appraised loan level collateral values; as such, the resulting ratios are necessarily imprecise and should be viewed as estimates. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Effective December 31, 2015, the current estimated LTV ratios reflect updates to the nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporated into the Firm’s home valuation models. The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with these updates in the home price index. (d) Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis. (e) The current period current estimated LTV ratios disclosures have been updated to reflect where either the FICO score or estimated property value is unavailable. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 256   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Approximately   23%   of the PCI home equity portfolio are senior lien loans; the remaining balance are junior lien HELOANs or HELOCs. The following table sets forth delinquency statistics for PCI junior lien home equity loans and lines of credit based on the unpaid principal balance as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .     Total loans   Total 30+ day delinquency rate December 31,   2015 2014   2015 2014 (in millions, except ratios)     HELOCs: (a)             Within the revolving period (b)   $ 5,000 $ 8,972   4.10 % 6.42 % Beyond the revolving period (c)   6,252 4,143   4.46 6.42 HELOANs   582 736   5.33 8.83 Total   $ 11,834 $ 13,851   4.35 % 6.55 % (a) In general, these HELOCs are revolving loans for a  10 -year period, after which time the HELOC converts to an interest-only loan with a balloon payment at the end of the loan’s term. (b) Substantially all undrawn HELOCs within the revolving period have been closed. (c) Includes loans modified into fixed-rate amortizing loans. The table below sets forth the accretable yield activity for  the Firm’s  PCI consumer loans for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  and represents  the Firm’s  estimate of gross interest income expected to be earned over the remaining life of the PCI loan portfolios. The table excludes the cost to fund the PCI portfolios, and therefore the accretable yield does not represent net interest income expected to be earned on these portfolios. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Total PCI 2015   2014   2013 Beginning balance $ 14,592   $ 16,167   $ 18,457 Accretion into interest income (1,700 )   (1,934 )   (2,201 ) Changes in interest rates on variable-rate loans 279   (174 )   (287 ) Other changes in expected cash flows (a) 230   533   198 Reclassification from nonaccretable difference (b) 90   —   — Balance at December 31 $ 13,491   $ 14,592   $ 16,167 Accretable yield percentage 4.20 %   4.19 %   4.31 % (a) Other changes in expected cash flows may vary from period to period as the Firm continues to refine its cash flow model and periodically updates model assumptions. For the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , other changes in expected cash flows were driven by changes in prepayment assumptions. For the year ended  December 31, 2013 , other changes in expected cash flows were due to refining the expected interest cash flows on HELOCs with balloon payments, partially offset by changes in prepayment assumptions. (b) Reclassifications from the nonaccretable difference in the year ended  December 31, 2015  were driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, as well as increased granularity in the impairment estimates. The factors that most significantly affect estimates of gross cash flows expected to be collected, and accordingly the accretable yield balance, include: (i) changes in the benchmark interest rate indices for variable-rate products such as option ARM and home equity loans; and (ii) changes in prepayment assumptions.   Active and suspended foreclosure   At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had PCI residential real estate loans with an unpaid principal balance of   $2.3 billion  and  $3.2 billion ,  respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   257 Notes to consolidated financial statements Credit card loan portfolio The credit card portfolio segment includes credit card loans originated and purchased by  the Firm.  Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for credit card loans as they provide an early warning that borrowers may be experiencing difficulties  ( 30 days   past due); information on those borrowers that have been delinquent for a longer period of time  ( 90 days   past due) is also considered. In addition to delinquency rates, the geographic distribution of the loans provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio based on the regional economy. While the borrower’s credit score is another general indicator of credit quality,  the Firm  does not view credit scores as a primary indicator of credit quality because the borrower’s credit score tends to be a lagging indicator. However, the distribution of such scores provides a general indicator of credit quality trends within the portfolio. Refreshed FICO score information, which is obtained at least quarterly, for a statistically significant random sample of the credit card portfolio is indicated in the table below; FICO is considered to be the industry benchmark for credit scores. The Firm  generally originates new card accounts to prime consumer borrowers. However, certain cardholders’ FICO scores may decrease over time, depending on the performance of the cardholder and changes in credit score technology.   The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  credit card loans. As of or for the year  ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2015 2014 Net charge-offs $ 3,122 $ 3,429 % of net charge-offs to retained loans 2.51 % 2.75 % Loan delinquency     Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing $ 129,502 $ 126,189 30–89 days past due and still accruing 941 943 90 or more days past due and still accruing 944 895 Total retained credit card loans $ 131,387 $ 128,027 Loan delinquency ratios     % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 1.43 % 1.44 % % of 90+ days past due to total retained loans 0.72 0.70 Credit card loans by geographic region     California $ 18,802 $ 17,940 Texas 11,847 11,088 New York 11,360 10,940 Florida 7,806 7,398 Illinois 7,655 7,497 New Jersey 5,879 5,750 Ohio 4,700 4,707 Pennsylvania 4,533 4,489 Michigan 3,562 3,552 Colorado 3,399 3,226 All other 51,844 51,440 Total retained credit card loans $ 131,387 $ 128,027 Percentage of portfolio based on carrying value with estimated refreshed FICO scores     Equal to or greater than 660 84.4 % 85.7 % Less than 660 15.6 14.3 258   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Credit card impaired loans and loan modifications   The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  impaired credit card loans. All of these loans are considered to be impaired as they have been modified in TDRs. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 Impaired credit card loans with an allowance (a)(b)     Credit card loans with modified payment terms (c) $ 1,286 $ 1,775 Modified credit card loans that have reverted to pre-modification payment terms (d) 179 254 Total impaired credit card loans (e) $ 1,465 $ 2,029 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired credit card loans $ 460 $ 500 (a) The carrying value and the unpaid principal balance are the same for credit card impaired loans. (b) There were no impaired loans without an allowance. (c) Represents credit card loans outstanding to borrowers enrolled in a credit card modification program as of the date presented. (d) Represents credit card loans that were modified in TDRs but that have subsequently reverted back to the loans’ pre-modification payment terms. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  $113 million  and  $159 million , respectively, of loans have reverted back to the pre-modification payment terms of the loans due to noncompliance with the terms of the modified loans. The remaining  $66 million  and  $95 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively, of these loans are to borrowers who have successfully completed a short-term modification program. The Firm continues to report these loans as TDRs since the borrowers’ credit lines remain closed. (e) Predominantly all impaired credit card loans are in the U.S. The following table presents average balances of impaired credit card loans and interest income recognized on those loans.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015 2014 2013 Average impaired credit card loans   $ 1,710 $ 2,503 $ 3,882 Interest income on   impaired credit card loans   82 123 198 Loan modifications   JPMorgan Chase   may offer one of a number of loan modification programs to credit card borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. Most of the credit card loans have been modified under long-term programs for borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulties. Modifications under long-term programs involve placing the customer on a fixed payment plan, generally for   60 months . The Firm  may also offer short-term programs for borrowers who may be in need of temporary relief; however, none are currently being offered. Modifications under all short- and long-term programs typically include reducing the interest rate on the credit card. Substantially all modifications are considered to be TDRs. If the cardholder does not comply with the modified payment terms, then the credit card loan agreement reverts back to its pre-modification payment terms. Assuming that the cardholder does not begin to perform in accordance with those payment terms, the loan continues to age and will ultimately be charged-off in accordance with  the Firm’s  standard charge-off policy. In addition, if a borrower successfully completes a short-term modification program,    then the loan reverts back to its pre-modification payment terms. However, in most cases,  the Firm  does not reinstate the borrower’s line of credit. New enrollments in these loan modification programs for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  were   $638 million ,  $807 million  and  $1.2 billion ,  respectively. Financial effects of modifications and redefaults   The following table provides information about the financial effects of the concessions granted on credit card loans modified in TDRs and redefaults for the periods presented. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except weighted-average data)   2015 2014 2013 Weighted-average interest rate of loans – before TDR   15.08 % 14.96 % 15.37 % Weighted-average interest rate of loans – after TDR   4.40 4.40 4.38 Loans that redefaulted within one year of modification (a)   $ 85 $ 119 $ 167 (a) Represents loans modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within  one year  of the modification. The amounts presented represent the balance of such loans as of the end of the quarter in which they defaulted. For credit card loans modified in TDRs, payment default is deemed to have occurred when the loans become   two   payments past due. A substantial portion of these loans is expected to be charged-off in accordance with  the Firm’s  standard charge-off policy. Based on historical experience, the estimated weighted-average default rate for credit card loans modified was expected to be   25.61% ,  27.91%  and  30.72%  as of  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  respectively. Wholesale loan portfolio Wholesale loans include loans made to a variety of customers, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. The primary credit quality indicator for wholesale loans is the risk rating assigned each loan. Risk ratings are used to identify the credit quality of loans and differentiate risk within the portfolio. Risk ratings on loans consider the probability of default (“PD”) and the loss given default (“LGD”). The PD is the likelihood that a loan will default and not be fully repaid by the borrower. The LGD is the estimated loss on the loan that would be realized upon the default of the borrower and takes into consideration collateral and structural support for each credit facility. Management considers several factors to determine an appropriate risk rating, including the obligor’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates.  The Firm’s  definition of criticized aligns with the banking regulatory definition of criticized exposures, which consist of special mention, substandard and doubtful categories. Risk ratings generally represent ratings profiles similar to those defined by S&P and Moody’s. Investment-grade ratings range from “AAA/Aaa” to “BBB-/Baa3.” Noninvestment-grade ratings  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   259 Notes to consolidated financial statements are classified as noncriticized (“BB+/Ba1 and B-/B3”) and criticized (“CCC+”/“Caa1 and below”), and the criticized portion is further subdivided into performing and nonaccrual loans, representing management’s assessment of the collectibility of principal and interest. Criticized loans have a higher probability of default than noncriticized loans. Risk ratings are reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and are adjusted as necessary for updated information affecting the obligor’s ability to fulfill its obligations.   As noted above, the risk rating of a loan considers the industry in which the obligor conducts its operations. As part of the overall credit risk management framework,  the Firm  focuses on the management and diversification of its industry and client exposures, with particular attention paid to industries with actual or potential credit concern. See Note  5  for further detail on industry concentrations. The table below provides information by class of receivable for the retained loans in the Wholesale portfolio segment. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Commercial  and industrial   Real estate   Financial  institutions   Government agencies   Other (e)   Total retained loans 2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Loans by risk ratings                                   Investment grade $ 62,150 $ 63,069   $ 74,330 $ 61,006   $ 21,786 $ 27,111   $ 11,363 $ 8,393   $ 98,107 $ 82,087   $ 267,736 $ 241,666 Noninvestment    grade:                                   Noncriticized 45,632 44,117   17,008 16,541   7,667 7,093 (d)   256 300   11,390 10,067 (d)   81,953 78,118 Criticized performing 4,542 2,251   1,251 1,313   320 316   7 3   253 236   6,373 4,119 Criticized nonaccrual 608 188   231 253   10 18   — —   139 140   988 599 Total noninvestment grade 50,782 46,556   18,490 18,107   7,997 7,427 (d)   263 303   11,782 10,443 (d)   89,314 82,836 Total retained loans $ 112,932 $ 109,625   $ 92,820 $ 79,113   $ 29,783 $ 34,538 (d)   $ 11,626 $ 8,696   $ 109,889 $ 92,530 (d)   $ 357,050 $ 324,502 % of total criticized to total retained loans 4.56 % 2.22 %   1.60  % 1.98  %   1.11  % 0.97 % 0.06  % 0.03 %   0.36 % 0.41 % 2.06 % 1.45 % % of nonaccrual loans to total retained loans 0.54 0.17   0.25 0.32   0.03 0.05   — —   0.13 0.15   0.28 0.18 Loans by geographic distribution (a)                                   Total non-U.S. $ 30,063 $ 33,739   $ 3,003 $ 2,099   $ 17,166 $ 20,944   $ 1,788 $ 1,122   $ 42,031 $ 42,961   $ 94,051 $ 100,865 Total U.S. 82,869 75,886   89,817 77,014   12,617 13,594 (d)   9,838 7,574   67,858 49,569 (d)   262,999 223,637 Total retained loans $ 112,932 $ 109,625   $ 92,820 $ 79,113   $ 29,783 $ 34,538 (d)   $ 11,626 $ 8,696   $ 109,889 $ 92,530 (d)   $ 357,050 $ 324,502                                     Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 26 $ 22   $ (14 ) $ (9 )   $ (5 ) $ (12 )   $ (8 ) $ 25   $ 11 $ (14 )   $ 10 $ 12 % of net  charge-offs/(recoveries) to end-of-period retained loans 0.02 % 0.02 %   (0.02 )% (0.01 )%   (0.02 )% (0.04 ) % (0.07 )% 0.29 %   0.01 % (0.02 ) % — % — %                                     Loan  delinquency (b)                                   Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing $ 112,058 $ 108,857   $ 92,381 $ 78,552   $ 29,713 $ 34,416 (d)   $ 11,565 $ 8,627   $ 108,734 $ 91,160 (d)   $ 354,451 $ 321,612 30–89 days past due and still accruing 259 566   193 275   49 104   55 69   988 1,201   1,544 2,215 90 or more days past due and still accruing (c) 7 14   15 33   11 —   6 —   28 29   67 76 Criticized nonaccrual 608 188   231 253   10 18   — —   139 140   988 599 Total retained loans $ 112,932 $ 109,625   $ 92,820 $ 79,113   $ 29,783 $ 34,538 (d)   $ 11,626 $ 8,696   $ 109,889 $ 92,530 (d)   $ 357,050 $ 324,502 (a) The U.S. and non-U.S. distribution is determined based predominantly on the domicile of the borrower. (b) The credit quality of wholesale loans is assessed primarily through ongoing review and monitoring of an obligor’s ability to meet contractual obligations rather than relying on the past due status, which is generally a lagging indicator of credit quality. (c) Represents loans that are considered well-collateralized and therefore still accruing interest. (d) Effective in the fourth quarter 2015, the Firm realigned its wholesale industry divisions in order to better monitor and manage industry concentrations. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. For additional information, see Wholesale credit portfolio on  pages 122–129 . (e) Other includes: individuals; SPEs; holding companies; and private education and civic organizations. For more information on exposures to SPEs, see Note 16. 260   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents additional information on the real estate class of loans within the Wholesale portfolio segment for the periods indicated. The real estate class primarily consists of secured commercial loans mainly to borrowers for multi-family and commercial lessor properties. Multifamily lending specifically finances apartment buildings. Commercial lessors receive financing specifically for real estate leased to retail, office and industrial tenants. Commercial construction and development loans represent financing for the construction of apartments, office and professional buildings and malls. Other real estate loans include lodging, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), single-family, homebuilders and other real estate. December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Multifamily   Commercial lessors   Commercial construction and development   Other   Total real estate loans 2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Real estate retained loans $ 60,290 $ 51,049   $ 20,062 $ 17,438   $ 4,920 $ 4,264   $ 7,548 $ 6,362   $ 92,820 $ 79,113 Criticized 520 652   844 841   43 42   75 31   1,482 1,566 % of criticized to total real estate retained loans 0.86 % 1.28 %   4.21 % 4.82 %   0.87 % 0.98 %   0.99 % 0.49 %   1.60 % 1.98 % Criticized nonaccrual $ 85 $ 126   $ 100 $ 110   $ 1 $ —   $ 45 $ 17   $ 231 $ 253 % of criticized nonaccrual to total real estate retained loans 0.14 % 0.25 %   0.50 % 0.63 %   0.02 % — %   0.60 % 0.27 %   0.25 % 0.32 % Wholesale impaired loans and loan modifications Wholesale impaired loans consist of loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and/or that have been modified in a TDR. All impaired loans are evaluated for an asset-specific allowance as described in Note  15. The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  wholesale impaired loans. December 31,  (in millions) Commercial and industrial   Real estate   Financial institutions   Government  agencies   Other   Total  retained loans   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014   2015   2014   Impaired loans                                       With an allowance $ 522 $ 174   $ 148 $ 193   $ 10 $ 15   $ — $ —   $ 46 $ 89   $ 726   $ 471   Without an allowance (a) 98 24   106 87   — 3   — —   94 52   298   166   Total   impaired loans $ 620 $ 198   $ 254 $ 280   $ 10 $ 18   $ — $ —   $ 140 $ 141   $ 1,024 (c)   $ 637 (c)   Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 220 $ 34   $ 27 $ 36   $ 3 $ 4   $ — $ —   $ 24 $ 13   $ 274   $ 87   Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (b) 669 266   363 345   13 22   — —   164 202   1,209   835   (a) When the discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the recorded investment in the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the impaired loans have been partially charged-off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance. (b) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors, including charge-offs; interest payments received and applied to the carrying value; net deferred loan fees or costs; and unamortized discount or premiums on purchased loans. (c) Based upon the domicile of the borrower, largely consists of loans in the U.S. The following table presents  the Firm’s  average impaired loans for the years ended   2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Commercial and industrial $ 453 $ 243 $ 412 Real estate 250 297 484 Financial institutions 13 20 17 Government agencies — — — Other 129 155 211 Total (a) $ 845 $ 715 $ 1,124 (a) The related interest income on accruing impaired loans and interest income recognized on a cash basis were not material for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 .   Certain loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. All TDRs are reported as impaired loans in the tables above. TDRs were not material as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   261 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 15 – Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase ’s  allowance for loan losses covers the consumer, including credit card, portfolio segments (primarily scored); and wholesale (risk-rated) portfolio, and represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in  the Firm’s  loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component, a formula-based component and a component related to PCI loans, as described below. Management also estimates an allowance for wholesale and consumer lending-related commitments using methodologies similar to those used to estimate the allowance on the underlying loans. During   2015 , the Firm  did not make any significant changes to the methodologies or policies used to determine its allowance for credit losses; such policies are described in the following paragraphs.   The asset-specific component of the allowance relates to loans considered to be impaired, which includes loans that have been modified in TDRs as well as risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status. To determine the asset-specific component of the allowance, larger loans are evaluated individually, while smaller loans are evaluated as pools using historical loss experience for the respective class of assets. Scored loans (i.e., consumer loans) are pooled by product type, while risk-rated loans (primarily wholesale loans) are segmented by risk rating.   The Firm  generally measures the asset-specific allowance as the difference between the recorded investment in the loan and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate. Subsequent changes in impairment are reported as an adjustment to the provision for loan losses. In certain cases, the asset-specific allowance is determined using an observable market price, and the allowance is measured as the difference between the recorded investment in the loan and the loan’s fair value. Impaired collateral-dependent loans are charged down to the fair value of collateral less costs to sell and therefore may not be subject to an asset-specific reserve as are other impaired loans. See Note  14  for more information about charge-offs and collateral-dependent loans.     The asset-specific component of the allowance for impaired loans that have been modified in TDRs incorporates the effects of foregone interest, if any, in the present value calculation and also incorporates the effect of the modification on the loan’s expected cash flows, which considers the potential for redefault. For residential real estate loans modified in TDRs,  the Firm  develops product-specific probability of default estimates, which are applied at a loan level to compute expected losses. In developing these probabilities of default,  the Firm  considers the relationship between the credit quality characteristics of the underlying loans and certain assumptions about home prices and unemployment, based upon industry-wide data.  The Firm  also considers its own historical loss experience to date based on actual redefaulted modified loans. For credit card loans modified in TDRs, expected losses incorporate projected redefaults based on  the Firm’s  historical experience by type of modification program. For wholesale loans modified in TDRs, expected losses incorporate redefaults based on management’s expectation of the borrower’s ability to repay under the modified terms.   The formula-based component is based on a statistical calculation to provide for incurred credit losses in performing risk-rated loans and all consumer loans, except for any loans restructured in TDRs and PCI loans. See Note  14  for more information on PCI loans.   For scored loans, the statistical calculation is performed on pools of loans with similar risk characteristics (e.g., product type) and generally computed by applying loss factors to outstanding principal balances over an estimated loss emergence period. The loss emergence period represents the time period between the date at which the loss is estimated to have been incurred and the ultimate realization of that loss (through a charge-off). Estimated loss emergence periods may vary by product and may change over time; management applies judgment in estimating loss emergence periods, using available credit information and trends.   262   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Loss factors are statistically derived and sensitive to changes in delinquency status, credit scores, collateral values and other risk factors.  The Firm  uses a number of different forecasting models to estimate both the PD and the loss severity, including delinquency roll rate models and credit loss severity models. In developing PD and loss severity assumptions,  the Firm  also considers known and anticipated changes in the economic environment, including changes in home prices, unemployment rates and other risk indicators.   A nationally recognized home price index measure is used to estimate both the PD and the loss severity on residential real estate loans at the metropolitan statistical areas (“MSA”) level. Loss severity estimates are regularly validated by comparison to actual losses recognized on defaulted loans, market-specific real estate appraisals and property sales activity. The economic impact of potential modifications of residential real estate loans is not included in the statistical calculation because of the uncertainty regarding the type and results of such modifications.   For risk-rated loans, the statistical calculation is the product of an estimated PD and an estimated LGD. These factors are determined based on the credit quality and specific attributes of  the Firm’s  loans and lending-related commitments to each obligor. In assessing the risk rating of a particular loan, among the factors considered are the obligor’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates. These factors are based on an evaluation of historical and current information, and involve subjective assessment and interpretation. Emphasizing one factor over another or considering additional factors could impact the risk rating assigned by  the Firm.  PD estimates are based on observable external through-the-cycle data, using credit-rating agency default statistics. LGD estimates are based on  the Firm’s  history of actual credit losses over more than one credit cycle. Estimates of PD and LGD are subject to periodic refinement based on changes to underlying external and  Firm -specific historical data.     Management applies judgment within an established framework to adjust the results of applying the statistical calculation described above. The determination of the appropriate adjustment is based on management’s view of loss events that have occurred but that are not yet reflected in the loss factors and that relate to current macroeconomic and political conditions, the quality of underwriting standards and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. For the scored loan portfolios, adjustments to the statistical calculation are made in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. Factors related to unemployment, home prices, borrower behavior and lien position, the estimated effects of the mortgage foreclosure-related settlement with federal and state officials and uncertainties regarding the ultimate success of loan modifications are incorporated into the calculation, as appropriate. For junior lien products, management considers the delinquency and/or modification status of any senior liens in determining the adjustment. In addition, for the risk-rated portfolios, any adjustments made to the statistical calculation take into consideration model imprecision, deteriorating conditions within an industry, product or portfolio type, geographic location, credit concentration, and current economic events that have occurred but that are not yet reflected in the factors used to derive the statistical calculation.   Management establishes an asset-specific allowance for lending-related commitments that are considered impaired and computes a formula-based allowance for performing consumer and wholesale lending-related commitments. These are computed using a methodology similar to that used for the wholesale loan portfolio, modified for expected maturities and probabilities of drawdown.   Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Subsequent evaluations of the loan portfolio, in light of the factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments in future periods. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Controller of  the Firm  and discussed with the Risk Policy and Audit Committees of the Board of Directors of  the Firm.  As of   December 31, 2015 ,  JPMorgan Chase   deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appropriate (i.e., sufficient to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio).   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   263 Notes to consolidated financial statements Allowance for credit losses and related information   The table below summarizes information about the allowances for loan losses, and lending-relating commitments, and includes a breakdown of loans and lending-related commitments by impairment methodology.     2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total Allowance for loan losses               Beginning balance at January 1, $ 7,050   $ 3,439   $ 3,696   $ 14,185 Gross charge-offs 1,658 3,488   95   5,241 Gross recoveries (704 )   (366 )   (85 )   (1,155 ) Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 954 3,122   10   4,086 Write-offs of PCI loans (a) 208   —   —   208 Provision for loan losses (82 )   3,122   623   3,663 Other — (5 )   6   1 Ending balance at December 31, $ 5,806   $ 3,434   $ 4,315   $ 13,555                 Allowance for loan losses by impairment methodology               Asset-specific (b) $ 364   $ 460 (c)   $ 274   $ 1,098 Formula-based 2,700   2,974   4,041   9,715 PCI 2,742   —   —   2,742 Total allowance for loan losses $ 5,806   $ 3,434   $ 4,315   $ 13,555                 Loans by impairment methodology               Asset-specific $ 9,606   $ 1,465   $ 1,024   $ 12,095 Formula-based 293,751   129,922   356,022   779,695 PCI 40,998   —   4   41,002 Total retained loans $ 344,355   $ 131,387   $ 357,050   $ 832,792                 Impaired collateral-dependent loans               Net charge-offs $ 104 $ —   $ 16   $ 120 Loans measured at fair value of collateral less cost to sell 2,566   —   283   2,849                 Allowance for lending-related commitments               Beginning balance at January 1, $ 13   $ —   $ 609   $ 622 Provision for lending-related commitments 1   —   163   164 Other —   —   —   — Ending balance at December 31, $ 14   $ —   $ 772   $ 786                 Allowance for lending-related commitments by impairment methodology               Asset-specific $ —   $ —   $ 73   $ 73 Formula-based 14   —   699   713 Total allowance for lending-related commitments $ 14   $ —   $ 772   $ 786                 Lending-related commitments by impairment methodology               Asset-specific $ —   $ —   $ 193   $ 193 Formula-based 58,478   515,518   366,206   940,202 Total lending-related commitments $ 58,478   $ 515,518   $ 366,399   $ 940,395 (a) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool (e.g., upon liquidation). During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Firm recorded a  $291 million  adjustment to reduce the PCI allowance and the recorded investment in the Firm’s PCI loan portfolio, primarily reflecting the cumulative effect of interest forgiveness modifications. This adjustment had no impact to the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income. (b) Includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and loans that have been modified in a TDR. (c) The asset-specific credit card allowance for loan losses is related to loans that have been modified in a TDR; such allowance is calculated based on the loans’ original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. (d) Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm no longer includes within its disclosure of wholesale lending-related commitments the unused amount of advised uncommitted lines of credit as it is within the Firm’s discretion whether or not to make a loan under these lines, and the Firm’s approval is generally required prior to funding. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 264   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report (table continued from previous page)                     2014   2013 Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total   Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total                               $ 8,456   $ 3,795   $ 4,013   $ 16,264   $ 12,292   $ 5,501   $ 4,143   $ 21,936 2,132   3,831   151   6,114   2,754   4,472   241   7,467 (814 )   (402 )   (139 )   (1,355 )   (847 )   (593 )   (225 )   (1,665 ) 1,318   3,429   12   4,759   1,907   3,879   16   5,802 533   —   —   533   53   —   —   53 414   3,079   (269 )   3,224   (1,872 )   2,179   (119 )   188 31   (6 )   (36 )   (11 )   (4 )   (6 )   5   (5 ) $ 7,050   $ 3,439   $ 3,696   $ 14,185   $ 8,456   $ 3,795   $ 4,013   $ 16,264                                                             $ 539   $ 500 (c)   $ 87   $ 1,126   $ 601   $ 971 (c)   $ 181   $ 1,753 3,186   2,939   3,609   9,734   3,697   2,824   3,832   10,353 3,325   —   —   3,325   4,158   —   —   4,158 $ 7,050   $ 3,439   $ 3,696   $ 14,185   $ 8,456   $ 3,795   $ 4,013   $ 16,264                                                             $ 12,020   $ 2,029   $ 637   $ 14,686   $ 13,785   $ 3,115   $ 845   $ 17,745 236,263   125,998   323,861   686,122   221,609   124,350   307,412   653,371 46,696   —   4   46,700   53,055   —   6   53,061 $ 294,979   $ 128,027   $ 324,502   $ 747,508   $ 288,449   $ 127,465   $ 308,263   $ 724,177                                                             $ 133   $ —   $ 21   $ 154   $ 235   $ —   $ 37   $ 272 3,025   —   326   3,351   3,105   —   362   3,467                                                             $ 8   $ —   $ 697   $ 705   $ 7   $ —   $ 661   $ 668 5   —   (90 )   (85 )   1   —   36   37 —   —   2   2   —   —   —   — $ 13   $ —   $ 609   $ 622   $ 8   $ —   $ 697   $ 705                                                             $ —   $ —   $ 60   $ 60   $ —   $ —   $ 60   $ 60 13   —   549   562   8   —   637   645 $ 13   $ —   $ 609   $ 622   $ 8   $ —   $ 697   $ 705                                                             $ —   $ —   $ 103   $ 103   $ —   $ —   $ 206   $ 206 58,153   525,963   366,778 (d)   950,894   56,057   529,383   344,032 (d)   929,472 $ 58,153   $ 525,963   $ 366,881   $ 950,997   $ 56,057   $ 529,383   $ 344,238   $ 929,678 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   265 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 16 – Variable interest entities For a further description of  JPMorgan Chase’s  accounting policies regarding consolidation of VIEs, see Note 1. The following table summarizes the most significant types of  Firm -sponsored VIEs by  business segment. The Firm  considers a “sponsored” VIE to include any entity where: (1)  JPMorgan Chase  is the primary beneficiary of the structure; (2) the VIE is used by  JPMorgan Chase  to securitize  Firm  assets; (3) the VIE issues financial instruments with the  JPMorgan Chase  name; or (4) the entity is a  JPMorgan Chase –administered asset-backed commercial paper conduit. Line-of-Business Transaction Type Activity Annual Report page references CCB Credit card securitization trusts Securitization of both originated and purchased credit card receivables 266   Mortgage securitization trusts Servicing and securitization of both originated and purchased residential mortgages 267–269 CIB Mortgage and other securitization trusts Securitization of both originated and purchased residential and commercial mortgages and student loans 267–269   Multi-seller conduits Investor intermediation activities: Assist clients in accessing the financial markets in a cost-efficient manner and structures transactions to meet investor needs 269–271   Municipal bond vehicles   269–270 The Firm’s other business segments  are also involved with VIEs, but to a lesser extent, as follows: • Asset Management: AM sponsors and manages certain funds that are deemed VIEs. As asset manager of the funds, AM earns a fee based on assets managed; the fee varies with each fund’s investment objective and is competitively priced. For fund entities that qualify as VIEs, AM’s interests are, in certain cases, considered to be significant variable interests that result in consolidation of the financial results of these entities. • Commercial Banking: CB  makes investments in and provides lending to community development entities that may meet the definition of a VIE. In addition,  CB  provides financing and lending-related services to certain client-sponsored VIEs. In general,  CB  does not control the activities of these entities  and does not consolidate these entities. • Corporate :  The Private Equity business, within Corporate, is involved with entities that may meet the definition of VIEs. However, the Firm’s Private Equity business is generally subject to specialized investment company accounting, which does not require the consolidation of investments, including VIEs. The Firm  also invests in and provides financing and other services to VIEs sponsored by third parties, as described on   page 271   of this Note. Significant Firm-sponsored variable interest entities Credit card securitizations The Card business securitizes both originated and purchased credit card loans, primarily through the Chase Issuance Trust (the “Trust”). The Firm’s continuing involvement in credit card securitizations includes servicing the receivables, retaining an undivided seller’s interest in the receivables, retaining certain senior and subordinated securities and maintaining escrow accounts. The Firm is considered to be the primary beneficiary of these Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts based on the Firm’s ability to direct the activities of these VIEs through its servicing responsibilities and other duties, including making decisions as to the receivables that are transferred into those trusts and as to any related modifications and workouts. Additionally, the nature and extent of the Firm’s other continuing involvement with the trusts, as indicated above, obligates the Firm to absorb losses and gives the Firm the right to receive certain benefits from these VIEs that could potentially be significant.   The underlying securitized credit card receivables and other assets of the securitization trusts are available only for payment of the beneficial interests issued by the securitization trusts; they are not available to pay the Firm’s other obligations or the claims of the Firm’s other creditors. The agreements with the credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest in the credit card trusts (which is generally  4% ). As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm held undivided interests in Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts of  $13.6 billion  and  $10.9 billion , respectively. The Firm maintained an average undivided interest in principal receivables owned by those trusts of approximately  22%  for both the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm also retained  $0 million  and  $40 million  of senior securities, and as of both  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , retained  $5.3 billion  of subordinated securities in certain of its credit card securitization trusts. The Firm’s undivided interests in the credit card trusts and securities retained are eliminated in consolidation. 266   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Firm-sponsored mortgage and other securitization trusts The Firm  securitizes (or has securitized) originated and purchased residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans (including student loans) primarily in its  CCB and CIB businesses.  Depending on the    particular transaction, as well as   the respective business involved,  the Firm  may act as the servicer of the loans and/or retain certain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts. The following table presents the total unpaid principal amount of assets held in  Firm -sponsored private-label securitization entities, including those in which  the Firm  has continuing involvement, and those that are consolidated by  the Firm.  Continuing involvement includes servicing the loans; holding senior interests or subordinated interests; recourse or guarantee arrangements; and derivative transactions. In certain instances,  the Firm’s  only continuing involvement is servicing the loans. See Securitization activity on   page 272   of this Note for further information regarding  the Firm’s  cash flows with and interests retained in nonconsolidated VIEs, and   pages 272–273   of this Note for information on  the Firm’s  loan sales to U.S. government agencies.   Principal amount outstanding   JPMorgan Chase interest in securitized assets in nonconsolidated VIEs (c)(d)(e) December 31, 2015  (a)  (in billions) Total assets held by securitization VIEs Assets held in consolidated securitization VIEs Assets held in nonconsolidated securitization VIEs with continuing involvement   Trading assets AFS securities Total interests held by JPMorgan Chase Securitization-related               Residential mortgage:               Prime/Alt-A and option ARMs $ 85.7 $ 1.4 $ 66.7   $ 0.4 $ 1.6 $ 2.0 Subprime 24.4 0.1 22.6   0.1 — 0.1 Commercial and other (b) 123.5 0.1 80.3   0.4 3.5 3.9 Total $ 233.6 $ 1.6 $ 169.6   $ 0.9 $ 5.1 $ 6.0   Principal amount outstanding   JPMorgan Chase interest in securitized assets in nonconsolidated VIEs (c)(d)(e) December 31, 2014 (a)  (in billions) Total assets held by securitization VIEs Assets held in consolidated securitization VIEs Assets held in nonconsolidated securitization VIEs with continuing involvement   Trading assets AFS securities Total interests held by JPMorgan Chase Securitization-related               Residential mortgage:               Prime/Alt-A and option ARMs $ 96.3 $ 2.7 $ 78.3   $ 0.5 $ 0.7 $ 1.2 Subprime 28.4 0.8 25.7   0.1 — 0.1 Commercial and other (b) 129.6 0.2 94.4   0.4 3.5 3.9 Total $ 254.3 $ 3.7 $ 198.4   $ 1.0 $ 4.2 $ 5.2 (a) Excludes U.S. government agency securitizations. See  pages 272–273  of this Note for information on the Firm’s loan sales to U.S. government agencies. (b) Consists of securities backed by commercial loans (predominantly real estate) and non-mortgage-related consumer receivables purchased from third parties. The Firm generally does not retain a residual interest in its sponsored commercial mortgage securitization transactions. (c) The table above excludes the following: retained servicing (see Note 17 for a discussion of MSRs); securities retained from loan sales to U.S. government agencies; interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives primarily used to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks of securitization entities (See Note 6 for further information on derivatives); senior and subordinated securities of  $163 million  and  $73 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2015 , and  $136 million  and  $34 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2014 , which the Firm purchased in connection with CIB’s secondary market-making activities. (d) Includes interests held in re-securitization transactions. (e) As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  76%  and  77% , respectively, of the Firm’s retained securitization interests, which are carried at fair value, were risk-rated “A” or better, on an S&P-equivalent basis. The retained interests in prime residential mortgages consisted of  $1.9 billion  and  $1.1 billion  of investment-grade and  $93 million  and  $185 million  of noninvestment-grade retained interests at  December 31, 2015  and 2014, respectively. The retained interests in commercial and other securitizations trusts consisted of  $3.7 billion  and  $3.7 billion  of investment-grade and  $198 million  and  $194 million  of noninvestment-grade retained interests at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   267 Notes to consolidated financial statements Residential mortgage The Firm  securitizes residential mortgage loans originated by  CCB,  as well as residential mortgage loans purchased from third parties by either  CCB or CIB. CCB  generally retains servicing for all residential mortgage loans   originated or purchased  by CCB,  and for certain mortgage loans purchased by  CIB.  For securitizations holding loans serviced by  CCB, the Firm  has the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE because it is responsible for decisions related to loan modifications and workouts.  CCB  may also retain an interest upon securitization. In addition,  CIB  engages in underwriting and trading activities involving securities issued by  Firm -sponsored securitization trusts. As a result,  CIB  at times retains senior and/or subordinated interests (including residual interests) in residential mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization, and/or reacquires positions in the secondary market in the normal course of business. In certain instances, as a result of the positions retained or reacquired by  CIB  or held by  CCB,  when considered together with the servicing arrangements entered into by  CCB, the Firm  is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of certain securitization trusts. See the table on   page 271   of this Note for more information on consolidated residential mortgage securitizations. The Firm  does not consolidate a residential mortgage securitization  (Firm -sponsored or third-party-sponsored) when it is not the servicer (and therefore does not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the trust) or does not hold a beneficial interest in the trust that could potentially be significant to the trust. At  December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Firm  did not consolidate the assets of certain  Firm -sponsored residential mortgage securitization VIEs, in which  the Firm  had continuing involvement, primarily due to the fact that  the Firm  did not hold an interest in these trusts that could potentially be significant to the trusts. See the table on   page 271   of this Note for more information on the consolidated residential mortgage securitizations, and the table on the previous page of this Note for further information on interests held in nonconsolidated residential mortgage securitizations. Commercial mortgages and other consumer securitizations CIB  originates and securitizes commercial mortgage loans, and engages in underwriting and trading activities involving the securities issued by securitization trusts.  CIB  may retain unsold senior and/or subordinated interests in commercial mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization but, generally,  the Firm  does not service commercial loan securitizations. For commercial mortgage securitizations the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE generally is held by the servicer or investors in a specified class of securities (“controlling class”). See the table on   page 271   of this Note for more information on the consolidated commercial mortgage securitizations,   and the table on the previous page of this Note for further information on interests held in nonconsolidated securitizations.   The Firm  retains servicing responsibilities for certain student loan securitizations.  The Firm  has the power to direct the activities of these VIEs through these servicing responsibilities. See the table on   page 271   of this Note for more information on the consolidated student loan securitizations, and the table on the previous page of this Note for further information on interests held in nonconsolidated securitizations. Re-securitizations The Firm engages in certain re-securitization transactions in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests. These transfers occur in connection with both agency (Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Company (“Freddie Mac”) and Ginnie Mae) and nonagency (private-label) sponsored VIEs, which may be backed by either residential or commercial mortgages. The Firm’s consolidation analysis is largely dependent on the Firm’s role and interest in the re-securitization trusts. During the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , the Firm transferred  $21.9 billion ,  $22.7 billion  and  $25.3 billion , respectively, of securities to agency VIEs, and  $777 million ,  $1.1 billion  and  $55 million , respectively, of securities to private-label VIEs. Most re-securitizations with which the Firm is involved are client-driven transactions in which a specific client or group of clients is seeking a specific return or risk profile. For these transactions, the Firm has concluded that the decision-making power of the entity is shared between the Firm and its clients, considering the joint effort and decisions in establishing the re-securitization trust and its assets, as well as the significant economic interest the client holds in the re-securitization trust; therefore the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. In more limited circumstances, the Firm creates a re-securitization trust independently and not in conjunction with specific clients. In these circumstances, the Firm is deemed to have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust because of the decisions made during the establishment and design of the trust; therefore, the Firm consolidates the re-securitization VIE if the Firm holds an interest that could potentially be significant. Additionally, the Firm may invest in beneficial interests of third-party re-securitizations and generally purchases these interests in the secondary market. In these circumstances, the Firm does not have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust, either because it was not involved in the initial design of the trust, or the Firm is involved with an independent third-party sponsor and demonstrates shared power over the creation of the trust; therefore, the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. 268   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , total assets (including the notional amount of interest-only securities) of nonconsolidated Firm-sponsored private-label re-securitization entities in which the Firm has continuing involvement were  $2.2 billion  and  $2.9 billion , respectively. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm held  $4.6 billion  and  $2.4 billion , respectively, of interests in nonconsolidated agency re-securitization entities. The Firm’s exposure to non-consolidated private-label re-securitization entities as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014  was not material. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm did not consolidate any agency re-securitizations. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm consolidated an insignificant amount of assets and liabilities of Firm-sponsored private-label re-securitizations. Multi-seller conduits Multi-seller conduit entities are separate bankruptcy remote entities that provide secured financing, collateralized by pools of receivables and other financial assets, to customers of  the Firm.  The conduits fund their financing facilities through the issuance of highly rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flows from the pools of assets. In most instances, the assets are structured with deal-specific credit enhancements provided to the conduits by the customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. Deal-specific credit enhancements are generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets, and are typically in the form of overcollateralization provided by the seller. The deal-specific credit enhancements mitigate  the Firm’s  potential losses on its agreements with the conduits. To ensure timely repayment of the commercial paper, and to provide the conduits with funding to provide financing to customers in the event that the conduits do not obtain funding in the commercial paper market, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100% deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. also provides the multi-seller conduit vehicles with uncommitted program-wide liquidity facilities and program-wide credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. The amount of program-wide credit enhancement required is based upon commercial paper issuance and approximates   10%   of the outstanding balance. The Firm  consolidates its  Firm -administered multi-seller conduits, as  the Firm  has both the power to direct the significant activities of the conduits and a potentially significant economic interest in the conduits. As administrative agent and in its role in structuring transactions,  the Firm  makes decisions regarding asset types and credit quality, and manages the commercial paper funding needs of the conduits.  The Firm’s  interests that could potentially be significant to the VIEs include the fees received as administrative agent and liquidity and program-wide credit enhancement provider, as well as the potential exposure created by the liquidity and credit    enhancement facilities provided to the conduits. See   page 271   of this Note for further information on consolidated VIE assets and liabilities. In the normal course of business,  JPMorgan Chase  makes markets in and invests in commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits.  The Firm  held   $15.7 billion  and  $5.7 billion   of the commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively.  The Firm’s  investments reflect  the Firm’s  funding needs and capacity and were not driven by market illiquidity.  The Firm  is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits. Deal-specific liquidity facilities, program-wide liquidity and credit enhancement provided by the Firm have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm or the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits provide lending-related commitments to certain clients of the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits.  The unfunded portion of these commitments was   $5.6 billion  and  $9.9 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, and are reported as off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. For more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments, see Note  29. VIEs associated with investor intermediation activities   As a financial intermediary,  the Firm  creates certain types of VIEs and also structures transactions with these VIEs, typically using derivatives, to meet investor needs.  The Firm  may also provide liquidity and other support. The risks inherent in the derivative instruments or liquidity commitments are managed similarly to other credit, market or liquidity risks to which  the Firm  is exposed. The principal types of VIEs for which  the Firm  is engaged in on behalf of clients are municipal bond vehicles. Municipal bond vehicles Municipal bond vehicles or tender option bond (“TOB”) trusts allow investors to finance their municipal bond investments at short-term rates. In a typical TOB transaction, the trust purchases highly rated municipal bond(s) of a single issuer and funds the purchase by issuing two types of securities: (1) puttable floating-rate certificates (“Floaters”) and (2) inverse floating-rate residual interests (“Residuals”). The Floaters are typically purchased by money market funds or other short-term investors and may be tendered, with requisite notice, to the TOB trust. The Residuals are retained by the investor seeking to finance its municipal bond investment.   TOB transactions where the Residual is held by a third party investor are typically known as Customer TOB trusts, and Non-Customer TOB trusts are transactions where the Residual is retained by  the Firm. The Firm  serves as sponsor for all Non-Customer TOB transactions and certain Customer TOB transactions established prior to 2014.  The Firm  may provide various services to a TOB trust, including  remarketing agent,  liquidity or tender option provider, and/or sponsor. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   269 Notes to consolidated financial statements J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may serve as a remarketing agent on the Floaters for TOB trusts. The remarketing agent is responsible for establishing the periodic variable rate on the Floaters, conducting the initial placement and remarketing tendered Floaters. The remarketing agent may, but is not obligated to make markets in Floaters. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm held an insignificant amount of these Floaters on its Consolidated balance sheets and did not hold any significant amounts during  2015 . JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  often serves as the sole liquidity or tender option provider for the TOB trusts. The liquidity provider’s obligation to perform is conditional and is limited by certain events (“Termination Events”), which include bankruptcy or failure to pay by the municipal bond issuer or credit enhancement provider, an event of taxability on the municipal bonds or the immediate downgrade of the municipal bond to below investment grade. In addition, the liquidity provider’s exposure is typically further limited by the high credit quality of the underlying municipal bonds, the excess collateralization in the vehicle, or, in certain transactions, the reimbursement agreements with the Residual holders.   Holders of the Floaters may “put,” or tender, their Floaters to the TOB trust. If the remarketing agent cannot successfully remarket the Floaters to another investor, the liquidity provider either provides a loan to the TOB trust for the purchase of or directly purchases the tendered Floaters. In certain Customer TOB transactions,  the Firm,  as liquidity provider, has entered into a reimbursement agreement with the Residual holder. In those transactions, upon the termination of the vehicle, if the proceeds from the sale of the underlying municipal bonds are not sufficient to repay amounts owed to  the Firm,  as liquidity or tender option provider,  the Firm  has recourse to the third party Residual holders for any shortfall. Residual holders with reimbursement agreements are required to post collateral with  the Firm  to support such reimbursement obligations should the market value of the underlying municipal bonds decline.  The Firm  does not have any intent to protect Residual holders from potential losses on any of the underlying municipal bonds. TOB trusts are considered to be variable interest entities.  The Firm  consolidates Non-Customer TOB trusts because as the Residual holder,  the Firm  has the right to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle, and have the right to receive benefits and bear losses that could potentially be significant to the municipal bond vehicle.  The Firm  does not consolidate Customer TOB trusts, since  the Firm  does not have the power to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle. Certain non-consolidated Customer TOB trusts are sponsored by a third party, and not  the Firm. See  page 271   of this Note for further information on consolidated municipal bond vehicles. The Firm’s  exposure to nonconsolidated municipal bond VIEs at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  including the ratings profile of the VIEs’ assets, was as follows. December 31,  (in billions) Fair value of assets held by VIEs Liquidity facilities Excess (a) Maximum exposure Nonconsolidated municipal bond vehicles         2015 $ 6.9 $ 3.8 $ 3.1 $ 3.8 2014 11.5 6.3 5.2 6.3   Ratings profile of VIE assets (b) Fair value of assets held by VIEs Wt. avg. expected life of assets (years)   Investment-grade   Noninvestment- grade December 31,  (in billions, except where otherwise noted) AAA to AAA- AA+ to AA- A+ to A- BBB+ to BBB-   BB+ and below 2015 $ 1.7 $ 4.6 $ 0.5 $ —   $ 0.1 $ 6.9 4.0 2014 2.7 8.4 0.4 —   — $ 11.5 4.9 (a) Represents the excess of the fair values of municipal bond assets available to repay the liquidity facilities, if drawn. (b) The ratings scale is presented on an S&P-equivalent basis. 270   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report VIEs sponsored by third parties The Firm  enters into transactions with VIEs structured by other parties. These include, for example, acting as a derivative counterparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent,  remarketing agent,  trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s-length, and individual credit decisions are based on the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the    quality of the underlying assets. Where  the Firm  does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, or a variable interest that could potentially be significant,  the Firm  records and reports these positions on its Consolidated balance sheets similarly to the way it would record and report positions in respect of any other third-party transaction. Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by  the Firm  as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .   Assets   Liabilities December 31, 2015 (in billions) (a) Trading assets Loans Other (c) Total  assets (d)   Beneficial interests in  VIE assets (e) Other (f) Total  liabilities VIE program type                 Firm-sponsored credit card trusts $ — $ 47.4 $ 0.7 $ 48.1   $ 27.9 $ — $ 27.9 Firm-administered multi-seller conduits — 24.4 — 24.4   8.7 — 8.7 Municipal bond vehicles 2.7 — — 2.7   2.6 — 2.6 Mortgage securitization entities (b) 0.8 1.4 — 2.2   0.8 0.7 1.5 Student loan securitization entities — 1.9 0.1 2.0   1.8 — 1.8 Other 0.2 — 2.0 2.2   0.1 0.1 0.2 Total $ 3.7 $ 75.1 $ 2.8 $ 81.6   $ 41.9 $ 0.8 $ 42.7                     Assets   Liabilities December 31, 2014 (in billions) (a) Trading assets Loans Other (c) Total  assets (d)   Beneficial interests in  VIE assets (e) Other (f) Total  liabilities VIE program type                 Firm-sponsored credit card trusts $ — $ 48.3 $ 0.7 $ 49.0   $ 31.2 $ — $ 31.2 Firm-administered multi-seller conduits — 17.7 0.1 17.8   12.0 — 12.0 Municipal bond vehicles  5.3 — — 5.3   4.9 — 4.9 Mortgage securitization entities (b) 3.3 0.7 — 4.0   2.1 0.8 2.9 Student loan securitization entities 0.2 2.2 — 2.4   2.1 — 2.1 Other 0.3 — 1.0 1.3   — 0.2 0.2 Total $ 9.1 $ 68.9 $ 1.8 $ 79.8   $ 52.3 $ 1.0 $ 53.3 (a) Excludes intercompany transactions, which were eliminated in consolidation. (b) Includes residential and commercial mortgage securitizations as well as re-securitizations. (c) Includes assets classified as cash, AFS securities, and other assets within the Consolidated balance sheets. (d) The assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the program types above are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The difference between total assets and total liabilities recognized for consolidated VIEs represents the Firm’s interest in the consolidated VIEs for each program type. (e) The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified in the line item on the Consolidated balance sheets titled, “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities.” The holders of these beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of  JPMorgan Chase . Included in beneficial interests in VIE assets are long-term beneficial interests of  $30.6 billion  and  $35.4 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The maturities of the long-term beneficial interests as of  December 31, 2015 , were as follows:  $5.1 billion  under one year,  $21.6 billion  between one and five years, and  $3.9 billion  over five years, all respectively. (f) Includes liabilities classified as accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated balance sheets. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   271 Notes to consolidated financial statements Loan securitizations The Firm  has securitized and sold a variety of loans, including residential mortgage, credit card, student and commercial (primarily related to real estate) loans, as well as debt securities. The purposes of these securitization transactions were to satisfy investor demand and to generate liquidity for  the Firm. For loan securitizations in which  the Firm  is not required to consolidate the trust,  the Firm  records the transfer of the loan receivable to the trust as a sale when all of the following accounting criteria for a sale are met: (1) the transferred financial assets are legally isolated from  the Firm’s  creditors; (2) the transferee or beneficial interest    holder can pledge or exchange the transferred financial assets; and (3)  the Firm  does not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets (e.g.,  the Firm  cannot repurchase the transferred assets before their maturity and it does not have the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the transferred assets). For loan securitizations accounted for as a sale,  the Firm  recognizes a gain or loss based on the difference between the value of proceeds received (including cash, beneficial interests, or servicing assets received) and the carrying value of the assets sold. Gains and losses on securitizations are reported in noninterest revenue. Securitization activity The following table provides information related to  the Firm’s  securitization activities for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  related to assets held in   JPMorgan Chase -sponsored securitization entities that were not consolidated by  the Firm,  and where sale accounting was achieved based on the accounting rules in effect at the time of the securitization.   2015   2014   2013 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rates) (a) Residential mortgage (d)(e) Commercial and other (e)(f)   Residential mortgage (d)(e) Commercial and other (e)(f)   Residential mortgage (d)(e) Commercial and other (e)(f)   Principal securitized $ 3,008 $ 11,933   $ 2,558 $ 11,911   $ 1,404 $ 11,318   All cash flows during the period:                   Proceeds from new securitizations (b) $ 3,022 $ 12,011   $ 2,569 $ 12,079   $ 1,410 $ 11,507   Servicing fees collected 528 3   557 4   576 5   Purchases of previously transferred financial assets (or the underlying collateral) (c) 3 —   121 —   294 —   Cash flows received on interests 407 597   179 578   156 325   (a) Excludes re-securitization transactions. (b) Proceeds from residential mortgage securitizations were received in the form of securities. During 2015,  $3.0 billion  of residential mortgage securitizations were received as securities and classified in level 2, and  $59 million  were classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. During 2014,  $2.4 billion  of residential mortgage securitizations were received as securities and classified in level 2, and  $185 million  were classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. During 2013,  $1.4 billion  of residential mortgage securitizations were received as securities and classified in level 2. Proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as securities and cash. During 2015,  $12.0 billion  of proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as securities and classified in level 2, and  $43 million  of proceeds were classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy; and  zero  of proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as cash. During 2014,  $11.4 billion  of proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as securities and classified in level 2, and  $130 million  of proceeds were classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: and  $568 million  of proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as cash. During 2013,  $11.3 billion  of commercial mortgage securitizations were classified in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, and  $207 million  of proceeds from commercial mortgage securitizations were received as cash. (c) Includes cash paid by the Firm to reacquire assets from off–balance sheet, nonconsolidated entities – for example, loan repurchases due to representation and warranties and servicer clean-up calls. (d) Includes prime, Alt-A, subprime, and option ARMs. Excludes certain loan securitization transactions entered into with Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. (e) Key assumptions used to measure residential mortgage retained interests originated during the year included weighted-average life (in years) of  4.2 ,  5.9  and  3.9  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and weighted-average discount rate of  2.9% ,  3.4%  and  2.5%  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Key assumptions used to measure commercial and other retained interests originated during the year included weighted-average life (in years) of  6.2 ,  6.5  and  8.3  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, and weighted-average discount rate of  4.1% ,  4.8%  and  3.2%  for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. (f) Includes commercial and student loan securitizations. Loans and excess MSRs sold to U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (“U.S. GSEs”), loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines, and other third-party-sponsored securitization entities In addition to the amounts reported in the securitization activity tables above,  the Firm,  in the normal course of business, sells originated and purchased mortgage loans and certain originated excess MSRs on a nonrecourse basis, predominantly to U.S. GSEs. These loans and excess MSRs    are sold primarily for the purpose of securitization by the U.S. GSEs, who provide certain guarantee provisions (e.g., credit enhancement of the loans).  The Firm  also sells loans into securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines; these loans are typically insured or guaranteed by another U.S. government agency.  The Firm  does not consolidate the securitization vehicles underlying these transactions as it is not the primary beneficiary. For a limited number of loan sales,  the Firm  is obligated to share a portion of the credit risk associated with the sold loans  272   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report with the purchaser. See Note  29  for additional information about  the Firm’s  loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications. See Note  17  for additional information about the impact of  the Firm’s  sale of certain excess MSRs. The following table summarizes the activities related to loans sold to the U.S. GSEs, loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines, and other third-party-sponsored securitization entities. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Carrying value of loans sold $ 42,161 $ 55,802 $ 166,028 Proceeds received from loan sales as cash $ 313 $ 260 $ 782 Proceeds from loans sales as securities (a) 41,615 55,117 163,373 Total proceeds received from loan sales (b) $ 41,928 $ 55,377 $ 164,155 Gains on loan sales (c) $ 299 $ 316 $ 302 (a) Predominantly includes securities from U.S. GSEs and Ginnie Mae that are generally sold shortly after receipt. (b) Excludes the value of MSRs retained upon the sale of loans. Gains on loan sales include the value of MSRs. (c) The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale.   Options to repurchase delinquent loans In addition to  the Firm’s  obligation to repurchase certain loans due to material breaches of representations and warranties as discussed in Note  29, the Firm  also has the option to repurchase delinquent loans that it services for Ginnie Mae loan pools, as well as for other U.S. government agencies under certain arrangements.  The Firm  typically elects to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae loan pools as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with the applicable requirements, and such loans continue to be insured or guaranteed. When  the Firm’s  repurchase option becomes exercisable, such loans must be reported on the Consolidated balance sheets as a loan with a corresponding liability. As of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had recorded on its Consolidated balance sheets   $11.1 billion  and  $12.4 billion ,  respectively, of loans that either had been repurchased or for which  the Firm  had an option to repurchase. Predominantly all of these amounts relate to loans that have been repurchased from Ginnie Mae loan pools. Additionally, real estate owned resulting from voluntary repurchases of loans was   $343 million  and  $464 million  as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively. Substantially all of these loans and real estate owned are insured or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. For additional information, refer to Note  14. Loan delinquencies and liquidation losses   The table below includes information about components of nonconsolidated securitized financial assets, in which  the Firm  has continuing involvement, and delinquencies as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .   Securitized assets   90 days past due   Liquidation losses As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014   2015 2014   2015 2014 Securitized loans (a)                 Residential mortgage:                 Prime/ Alt-A & option ARMs $ 66,708 $ 78,294   $ 8,325 $ 11,363   $ 1,946 $ 2,166 Subprime 22,549 25,659   5,448 6,473   1,431 1,931 Commercial and other 80,319 94,438   1,808 1,522   375 1,267 Total loans securitized (b) $ 169,576 $ 198,391   $ 15,581 $ 19,358   $ 3,752 $ 5,364 (a) Total assets held in securitization-related SPEs were  $233.6 billion  and  $254.3 billion , respectively, at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . The  $169.6 billion  and  $198.4 billion , respectively, of loans securitized at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , excludes:  $62.4 billion  and  $52.2 billion , respectively, of securitized loans in which the Firm has no continuing involvement, and  $1.6 billion  and  $3.7 billion , respectively, of loan securitizations consolidated on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . (b) Includes securitized loans that were previously recorded at fair value and classified as trading assets. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   273 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 17 – Goodwill and other intangible assets Goodwill Goodwill is recorded upon completion of a business combination as the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets acquired. Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate there may be impairment. The goodwill associated with each business combination is allocated to the related reporting units, which are determined based on how the Firm’s businesses are managed and how they are reviewed by the Firm’s Operating Committee. The following table presents goodwill attributed to the business segments. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Consumer & Community Banking $ 30,769 $ 30,941 $ 30,985 Corporate & Investment Bank 6,772 6,780 6,888 Commercial Banking 2,861 2,861 2,862 Asset Management 6,923 6,964 6,969 Corporate — 101 377 Total goodwill $ 47,325 $ 47,647 $ 48,081 The following table presents changes in the carrying amount of goodwill. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 Balance at beginning of period $ 47,647   $ 48,081   $ 48,175 Changes during the period from:           Business combinations 28   43   64 Dispositions (160 ) (b) (80 )   (5 ) Other (a) (190 )   (397 )   (153 ) Balance at December 31, $ 47,325   $ 47,647   $ 48,081 (a) Includes foreign currency translation adjustments, other tax-related adjustments, and, during 2014, goodwill impairment associated with the Firm’s Private Equity business of  $276 million . (b) Includes  $101 million  of Private Equity goodwill, which was disposed of as part of the Private Equity sale completed in January 2015. Impairment testing The Firm’s goodwill was not impaired at  December 31, 2015 . Further, except for the goodwill related to its Private Equity business, the Firm’s goodwill was not impaired at  December 31, 2014 .  $276 million  of goodwill was written off during 2014 related to the goodwill impairment associated with the Firm’s Private Equity business.  No  goodwill was written off due to impairment during  2013 . The goodwill impairment test is performed in two steps. In the first step, the current fair value of  each reporting unit  is compared with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value (including goodwill), then the  reporting unit’s  goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value (including goodwill), then a second step is performed. In the second step, the implied current fair value of the     reporting unit’s  goodwill is determined by comparing the fair value of  the reporting unit  (as determined in step one) to the fair value of the net assets of  the reporting unit,  as if  the reporting unit were  being acquired in a business combination. The resulting implied current fair value of goodwill is then compared with the carrying value of  the reporting unit’s  goodwill.   If the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its implied current fair value, then an impairment charge is recognized for the excess. If the carrying value of goodwill is less than its implied current fair value, then no goodwill impairment is recognized.   The Firm uses the reporting units’ allocated equity plus goodwill capital as a proxy for the carrying amounts of equity for the reporting units in the goodwill impairment testing. Reporting unit equity is determined on a similar basis as the allocation of equity to the Firm’s lines of business, which takes into consideration the capital the business segment would require if it were operating independently, incorporating sufficient capital to address regulatory capital requirements (including Basel III), economic risk measures and capital levels for similarly rated peers. Proposed line of business equity levels are incorporated into the Firm’s annual budget process, which is reviewed by the Firm’s Board of Directors. Allocated equity is further reviewed on a periodic basis and updated as needed. The primary method the Firm uses to estimate the fair value of its reporting units is the income approach. The models project cash flows for the forecast period and use the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. These cash flows and terminal values are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. Projections of cash flows are based on the reporting units’ earnings forecasts, which include the estimated effects of regulatory and legislative changes (including, but not limited to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”)), and which are reviewed with the senior management of the Firm. The discount rate used for each reporting unit represents an estimate of the cost of equity for that reporting unit and is determined considering the Firm’s overall estimated cost of equity (estimated using the Capital Asset Pricing Model), as adjusted for the risk characteristics specific to each reporting unit (for example, for higher levels of risk or uncertainty associated with the business or management’s forecasts and assumptions). To assess the reasonableness of the discount rates used for each reporting unit management compares the discount rate to the estimated cost of equity for publicly traded institutions with similar businesses and risk characteristics. In addition, the weighted average cost of equity (aggregating the various reporting units) is compared with the Firms’ overall estimated cost of equity to ensure reasonableness. The valuations derived from the discounted cash flow models are then compared with market-based trading and transaction multiples for relevant competitors. Trading and transaction comparables are used as general indicators to  274   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report assess the general reasonableness of the estimated fair values, although precise conclusions generally cannot be drawn due to the differences that naturally exist between the Firm’s businesses and competitor institutions. Management also takes into consideration a comparison between the aggregate fair value of the Firm’s reporting units and JPMorgan Chase’s market capitalization. In evaluating this comparison, management considers several factors, including (a) a control premium that would exist in a market transaction, (b) factors related to the level of execution risk that would exist at the firmwide level that do not exist at the reporting unit level and (c) short-term market volatility and other factors that do not directly affect the value of individual reporting units. Declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in equity capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, adverse estimates of regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of the Firm’s reporting units or their associated goodwill to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.   Mortgage servicing rights Mortgage servicing rights represent the fair value of expected future cash flows for performing servicing activities for others. The fair value considers estimated future servicing fees and ancillary revenue, offset by estimated costs to service the loans, and generally declines over time as net servicing cash flows are received, effectively amortizing the MSR asset against contractual servicing and ancillary fee income. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or recognized upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans if servicing is retained. As permitted by U.S. GAAP,  the Firm  has elected to account for its MSRs at fair value.  The Firm  treats its MSRs as a single class of servicing assets based on the availability of market inputs used to measure the fair value of its MSR asset and its treatment of MSRs as one aggregate pool for risk management purposes.  The Firm  estimates the fair value of MSRs using an option-adjusted spread (“OAS”) model, which projects MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios in conjunction with  the Firm’s  prepayment model, and then discounts these cash flows at risk-adjusted rates. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, costs to service, late charges and other ancillary revenue, and other economic factors.  The Firm  compares fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available, and also considers recent market activity and actual portfolio experience.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   275 Notes to consolidated financial statements The fair value of MSRs is sensitive to changes in interest rates, including their effect on prepayment speeds. MSRs typically decrease in value when interest rates decline because declining interest rates tend to increase prepayments and therefore reduce the expected life of the net servicing cash flows that consist of the MSR asset. Conversely, securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities), principal-only certificates and certain derivatives (i.e.,    those for which  the Firm  receives fixed-rate interest payments) increase in value when interest rates decline.  JPMorgan Chase  uses combinations of derivatives and securities to manage changes in the fair value of MSRs. The intent is to offset any interest-rate related changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of the related risk management instruments. The following table summarizes MSR activity for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2015   2014   2013 Fair value at beginning of period $ 7,436   $ 9,614   $ 7,614 MSR activity:           Originations of MSRs 550   757   2,214 Purchase of MSRs 435   11   1 Disposition of MSRs (a) (486 )   (209 )   (725 ) Net additions 499   559   1,490             Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (922 )   (911 )   (1,102 )             Changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions:           Changes due to market interest rates and other (b) (160 )   (1,608 )   2,122 Changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions:           Projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service) (112 )   133   109 Discount rates (10 )   (459 ) (e)   (78 ) Prepayment model changes and other (c) (123 )   108   (541 ) Total changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions (245 )   (218 )   (510 ) Total changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions $ (405 )   $ (1,826 )   $ 1,612 Fair value at December 31, $ 6,608   $ 7,436   $ 9,614 Change in unrealized gains/(losses) included in income related to MSRs   held at December 31, $ (405 )   $ (1,826 )   $ 1,612 Contractual service fees, late fees and other ancillary fees included in income $ 2,533   $ 2,884   $ 3,309 Third-party mortgage loans serviced at December 31, (in billions) $ 677   $ 756   $ 822 Servicer advances, net of an allowance    for uncollectible amounts, at December 31, (in billions) (d) $ 6.5   $ 8.5   $ 9.6 (a) For 2014 and 2013, predominantly represents excess MSRs transferred to agency-sponsored trusts in exchange for stripped mortgage backed securities (“SMBS”). In each transaction, a portion of the SMBS was acquired by third parties at the transaction date; the Firm acquired and has retained the remaining balance of those SMBS as trading securities. Also includes sales of MSRs. (b) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. (c) Represents changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates. (d) Represents amounts the Firm pays as the servicer (e.g., scheduled principal and interest, taxes and insurance), which will generally be reimbursed within a short period of time after the advance from future cash flows from the trust or the underlying loans. The Firm’s credit risk associated with these servicer advances is minimal because reimbursement of the advances is typically senior to all cash payments to investors. In addition, the Firm maintains the right to stop payment to investors if the collateral is insufficient to cover the advance. However, certain of these servicer advances may not be recoverable if they were not made in accordance with applicable rules and agreements. (e) For the year ending December 31, 2014, the negative impact was primarily related to higher capital allocated to the Mortgage Servicing business, which, in turn, resulted in an increase in the OAS. The resulting OAS assumption was consistent with capital and return requirements the Firm believed a market participant would consider, taking into account factors such as the operating risk environment and regulatory and economic capital requirements. 276   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following table presents the components of mortgage fees and related income (including the impact of MSR risk management activities) for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014   2013 CCB mortgage fees and related income           Net production revenue $ 769   $ 1,190   $ 3,004             Net mortgage servicing revenue:           Operating revenue:           Loan servicing revenue 2,776   3,303   3,552 Changes in MSR asset fair value due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (917 )   (905 )   (1,094 ) Total operating revenue 1,859   2,398   2,458 Risk management:           Changes in MSR asset fair value    due to market interest rates and other (a) (160 )   (1,606 )   2,119 Other changes in MSR asset fair value due to other inputs and assumptions in model (b) (245 )   (218 )   (511 ) Change in derivative fair value and other 288   1,796   (1,875 ) Total risk management (117 )   (28 )   (267 ) Total net mortgage servicing revenue 1,742   2,370   2,191             Total CCB mortgage fees and related income 2,511   3,560   5,195             All other 2   3   10 Mortgage fees and related income $ 2,513   $ 3,563   $ 5,205 (a) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. (b) Represents the aggregate impact of changes in model inputs and assumptions such as projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service), discount rates and changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates (e.g., changes in prepayments due to changes in home prices).   The table below outlines the key economic assumptions used to determine the fair value of  the Firm’s  MSRs at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  and outlines the sensitivities of those fair values to immediate adverse changes in those assumptions, as defined below. December 31, (in millions, except rates) 2015   2014 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (“CPR”) 9.81 %   9.80 % Impact on fair value of 10% adverse change $ (275 )   $ (337 ) Impact on fair value of 20% adverse change (529 )   (652 ) Weighted-average option adjusted spread 9.02 %   9.43 % Impact on fair value of 100 basis points adverse change $ (258 )   $ (300 ) Impact on fair value of 200 basis points adverse change (498 )   (578 ) CPR: Constant prepayment rate. The sensitivity analysis in the preceding table is hypothetical and should be used with caution. Changes in fair value based on variation in assumptions generally cannot be easily extrapolated, because the relationship of the change in the assumptions to the change in fair value are often highly interrelated and may not be linear. In this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which would either magnify or counteract the impact of the initial change. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   277 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 18 – Premises and equipment Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.   JPMorgan Chase   computes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of an asset. For leasehold improvements,  the Firm  uses the straight-line method computed over the lesser of the remaining term of the leased facility or the estimated useful life of the leased asset.   JPMorgan Chase   capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s expected useful life and reviewed for impairment on an ongoing basis.     Note 19 – Deposits At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits were as follows.   December 31, (in millions) 2015   2014 U.S. offices       Noninterest-bearing $ 392,721   $ 437,558 Interest-bearing       Demand (a)   84,088   90,319 Savings (b) 486,043   466,730 Time (included  $10,916  and $7,501 at fair value) (c)   92,873   86,301 Total interest-bearing deposits 663,004   643,350 Total deposits in U.S. offices 1,055,725   1,080,908 Non-U.S. offices       Noninterest-bearing 18,921   19,078 Interest-bearing       Demand 154,773   217,011 Savings 2,157   2,673 Time (included  $1,600  and $1,306 at fair value) (c)   48,139   43,757 Total interest-bearing deposits 205,069   263,441 Total deposits in non-U.S. offices 223,990   282,519 Total deposits $ 1,279,715   $ 1,363,427 (a) Includes Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (“NOW”) accounts, and certain trust accounts. (b) Includes Money Market Deposit Accounts (“MMDAs”). (c) Includes structured notes classified as deposits for which the fair value option has been elected. For further discussion, see Note 4. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, time deposits in denominations of $250,000 or more were as follows. December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   U.S. offices    $ 64,519   $ 56,983   Non-U.S. offices   48,091   43,719   Total    $ 112,610   $ 100,702   At   December 31, 2015 ,  the maturities of interest-bearing time deposits were as follows.   December 31, 2015             (in millions)   U.S.   Non-U.S.   Total 2016   78,246   47,791   126,037 2017   2,940   145   3,085 2018   2,172   39   2,211 2019   1,564   47   1,611 2020   1,615   117   1,732 After 5 years   6,336   —   6,336 Total   $ 92,873   $ 48,139   $ 141,012 278   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 20 – Accounts payable and other liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities consist of payables to customers; payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations; payables from security purchases that did not settle; income taxes payables; accrued expense, including interest-bearing liabilities; and all other liabilities, including litigation reserves and obligations to return securities received as collateral.   The following table details the components of accounts payable and other liabilities. December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014 Brokerage payables (a)   $ 107,632   $ 134,467 Accounts payable and other liabilities   70,006   72,472 Total   $ 177,638   $ 206,939 (a) Includes payables to customers, brokers, dealers and clearing organizations, and payables from security purchases that did not settle. Note 21 – Long-term debt JPMorgan Chase  issues long-term debt denominated in various currencies, although predominantly U.S. dollars, with both fixed and variable interest rates. Included in senior and subordinated debt below are various equity-linked or other indexed instruments, which  the Firm  has elected to measure at fair value. Changes in fair value are recorded in principal transactions revenue in the Consolidated statements of income.  The following table is a summary of long-term debt carrying values (including unamortized premiums and discounts, issuance costs, valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, where applicable) by remaining contractual maturity as of   December 31, 2015 . By remaining maturity at December 31,   2015   2014 (in millions, except rates)   Under 1 year   1-5 years   After 5 years   Total   Total Parent company                     Senior debt: Fixed rate $ 12,014   $ 54,200   $ 51,544   $ 117,758   $ 108,529   Variable rate 15,158   23,254   5,766   44,178   42,201   Interest rates (a) 0.16-7.00%   0.24-7.25%   0.31-6.40%   0.16-7.25%   0.18-7.25% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ —   $ 2,292   $ 13,958   $ 16,250   $ 16,645   Variable rate —   1,038   9   1,047   3,452   Interest rates (a) — %   1.06-8.53%   3.38-8.00%   1.06-8.53%   0.48-8.53%   Subtotal $ 27,172   $ 80,784   $ 71,277   $ 179,233   $ 170,827 Subsidiaries                     Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLB”) advances: Fixed rate $ 5   $ 30   $ 156   $ 191   $ 2,204   Variable rate 9,700   56,690   5,000   71,390   62,790   Interest rates (a) 0.37-0.65%   0.17-0.72%   0.50-0.70%   0.17-0.72%   0.11-2.04% Senior debt: Fixed rate $ 631   $ 1,288   $ 3,631   $ 5,550   $ 5,751   Variable rate 10,493   7,456   2,639   20,588   20,082   Interest rates (a) 0.47-1.00%   0.53-4.61%   1.30-7.28%   0.47-7.28%   0.26-8.00% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ 1,472   $ 3,647   $ 1,461   $ 6,580   $ 6,928   Variable rate 1,150   —   —   1,150   2,362   Interest rates (a) 0.83-5.88%   6.00 %   4.38-8.25%   0.83-8.25%   0.57-8.25%   Subtotal $ 23,451   $ 69,111   $ 12,887   $ 105,449   $ 100,117 Junior subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ —   $ —   $ 717   $ 717   $ 2,185   Variable rate —   —   3,252   3,252   3,250   Interest rates (a) — %   — %   0.83-8.75%   0.83-8.75%   0.73-8.75%   Subtotal $ —   $ —   $ 3,969   $ 3,969   $ 5,435 Total long-term debt (b)(c)(d)   $ 50,623   $ 149,895   $ 88,133   $ 288,651 (f)(g)   $ 276,379 Long-term beneficial interests:                       Fixed rate $ 1,674   $ 10,931   $ 1,594   $ 14,199   $ 13,949   Variable rate 3,393   10,642   2,323   16,358   21,418   Interest rates 0.45-5.16%   0.37-5.23%   0.00-15.94%   0.00-15.94%   0.05-15.93% Total long-term beneficial interests (e)   $ 5,067   $ 21,573   $ 3,917   $ 30,557   $ 35,367 (a) The interest rates shown are the range of contractual rates in effect at year-end, including non-U.S. dollar fixed- and variable-rate issuances, which excludes the effects of the associated derivative instruments used in hedge accounting relationships, if applicable. The use of these derivative instruments modifies the Firm’s exposure to the contractual interest rates disclosed in the table above. Including the effects of the hedge accounting derivatives, the range of modified rates in effect at  December 31, 2015 , for total long-term debt was  (0.19)%  to  8.88% , versus the contractual range of  0.16%  to  8.75%  presented in the table above. The interest rate ranges shown exclude structured notes accounted for at fair value. (b) Included long-term debt of  $76.6 billion  and  $69.2 billion  secured by assets totaling  $171.6 billion  and  $156.7 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The amount of long-term debt secured by assets does not include amounts related to hybrid instruments. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   279 Notes to consolidated financial statements (c) Included  $33.1 billion  and  $30.2 billion  of long-term debt accounted for at fair value at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (d) Included  $5.5 billion  and  $2.9 billion  of outstanding zero-coupon notes at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The aggregate principal amount of these notes at their respective maturities is  $16.2 billion  and  $7.5 billion , respectively. The aggregate principal amount reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity, which may exceed the contractual principal payment at the Firm’s next call date, if applicable. (e) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs. Also included  $787 million  and  $2.2 billion  accounted for at fair value at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. Excluded short-term commercial paper and other short-term beneficial interests of  $11.3 billion  and  $17.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. (f) At  December 31, 2015 , long-term debt in the aggregate of  $39.1 billion  was redeemable at the option of JPMorgan Chase, in whole or in part, prior to maturity, based on the terms specified in the respective instruments. (g) The aggregate carrying values of debt that matures in each of the five years subsequent to 2015 is  $50.6 billion  in 2016,  $49.5 billion  in 2017,  $39.2 billion  in 2018,  $30.4 billion  in 2019 and  $30.7 billion  in 2020. The weighted-average contractual interest rates for total long-term debt excluding structured notes accounted for at fair value were   2.34%  and  2.42%   as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively. In order to modify exposure to interest rate  and currency exchange rate  movements,  JPMorgan Chase  utilizes derivative instruments, primarily interest rate  and cross-currency interest rate  swaps, in conjunction with some of its debt issues. The use of these instruments modifies  the Firm’s  interest expense on the associated debt. The modified weighted-average interest rates for total long-term debt, including the effects of related derivative instruments, were   1.64%  and  1.50%   as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.  has guaranteed certain  long-term  debt of its subsidiaries, including both long-term debt and structured notes .  These guarantees rank on parity with  the Firm’s other  unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.  The amount of such guaranteed long-term debt was  $152 million  and  $352 million   at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively.   The Firm’s  unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in  the Firm’s  credit ratings, financial ratios ,  earnings  or stock price.   Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures held by trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities  At   December 31, 2015 , the Firm  had outstanding   eight   wholly owned Delaware statutory business trusts (“issuer trusts”) that had issued trust preferred securities . The junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued by  the Firm to the issuer trusts,  totaling   $4.0 billion  and  $5.4 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, were reflected on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets in long-term debt, and in the table on the preceding page under the caption “Junior subordinated debt.”  The Firm also records the common capital securities issued by the issuer trusts in other assets in its Consolidated balance sheets at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 . Beginning in 2014, the debentures issued to the issuer trusts by the Firm, less the common capital securities of the issuer trusts, began being phased out from inclusion as Tier 1 capital under Basel III. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  $992 million  and  $2.7 billion  of these debentures qualified as Tier 1 capital, while  $3.0 billion  and  $2.7 billion  qualified as Tier 2 capital. 280   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following is a summary of the outstanding trust preferred securities, including unamortized original issue discount, issued by each trust,  and the junior subordinated deferrable interest debenture issued to each trust,  as of   December 31, 2015 . December 31, 2015 (in millions)   Amount of trust preferred securities issued by trust (a)   Principal amount of debenture issued to trust (b)   Issue date   Stated maturity of trust preferred securities and debentures   Earliest redemption date   Interest rate of trust preferred securities and debentures   Interest payment/distribution dates BANK ONE Capital III   $ 474   $ 717   2000   2030   Any time   8.75%   Semiannually Chase Capital II   483   496   1997   2027   Any time   LIBOR + 0.50%   Quarterly Chase Capital III   296   304   1997   2027   Any time   LIBOR + 0.55%   Quarterly Chase Capital VI   242   248   1998   2028   Any time   LIBOR  + 0.625%   Quarterly First Chicago NBD Capital I   249   256   1997   2027   Any time   LIBOR + 0.55%   Quarterly J.P. Morgan Chase Capital XIII   466   477   2004   2034   Any time   LIBOR + 0.95%   Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XXI   836   832   2007   2037   Any time   LIBOR  + 0.95%   Quarterly JPMorgan Chase Capital XXIII   644   639   2007   2047   Any time   LIBOR + 1.00%   Quarterly Total   $ 3,690   $ 3,969                     (a) Represents the amount of trust preferred securities issued to the public by each trust, including unamortized original-issue discount. (b) Represents the principal amount of JPMorgan Chase debentures issued to each trust, including unamortized original-issue discount. The principal amount of debentures issued to the trusts includes the impact of hedging and purchase accounting fair value adjustments that were recorded on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements. On April 2, 2015, the Firm redeemed  $1.5 billion , or  100%  of the liquidation amount, of the guaranteed capital debt securities (“trust preferred securities”) of JPMorgan Chase Capital XXIX trust preferred securities. On May 8, 2013, the Firm redeemed approximately  $5.0 billion , or  100%  of the liquidation amount, of the following eight series of trust preferred securities: JPMorgan Chase Capital X, XI, XII, XIV, XVI, XIX and XXIV, and BANK ONE Capital VI. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2013, reflected a modest loss related to the redemption of trust preferred securities.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   281 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 22 – Preferred stock At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  JPMorgan Chase  was authorized to issue  200 million  shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with a par value of  $1  per share.   In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Firm,  JPMorgan Chase ’s preferred stock then outstanding takes precedence over the Firm’s common stock for the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets. The following is a summary of  JPMorgan Chase ’s non-cumulative preferred stock outstanding as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 .     Shares at December 31, (a)   Carrying value  (in millions)  at December 31,   Issue date Contractual rate  in effect at  December 31,  2015 Earliest redemption date Date at which dividend rate becomes floating Floating annual rate of  three-month LIBOR plus:       2015 2014 2015 2014   Fixed-rate:                           Series O 125,750 125,750   $ 1,258 $ 1,258   8/27/2012 5.500 % 9/1/2017 NA NA     Series P 90,000 90,000   900 900   2/5/2013 5.450 3/1/2018 NA NA     Series T 92,500 92,500   925 925   1/30/2014 6.700 3/1/2019 NA NA     Series W 88,000 88,000   880 880   6/23/2014 6.300 9/1/2019 NA NA     Series Y 143,000 —   1,430 —   2/12/2015 6.125 3/1/2020 NA NA     Series AA 142,500 —   1,425 —   6/4/2015 6.100 9/1/2020 NA NA     Series BB 115,000 —   1,150 —   7/29/2015 6.150 9/1/2020 NA NA                                 Fixed-to-floating-rate:                           Series I 600,000 600,000   6,000 6,000   4/23/2008 7.900 % 4/30/2018 4/30/2018 LIBOR + 3.47 %   Series Q 150,000 150,000   1,500 1,500   4/23/2013 5.150 5/1/2023 5/1/2023 LIBOR + 3.25     Series R 150,000 150,000   1,500 1,500   7/29/2013 6.000 8/1/2023 8/1/2023 LIBOR + 3.30     Series S 200,000 200,000   2,000 2,000   1/22/2014 6.750 2/1/2024 2/1/2024 LIBOR + 3.78     Series U 100,000 100,000   1,000 1,000   3/10/2014 6.125 4/30/2024 4/30/2024 LIBOR + 3.33     Series V 250,000 250,000   2,500 2,500   6/9/2014 5.000 7/1/2019 7/1/2019 LIBOR + 3.32     Series X 160,000 160,000   1,600 1,600   9/23/2014 6.100 10/1/2024 10/1/2024 LIBOR + 3.33     Series Z 200,000 —   2,000 —   4/21/2015 5.300 5/1/2020 5/1/2020 LIBOR + 3.80     Total preferred stock 2,606,750 2,006,250   $ 26,068 $ 20,063               (a) Represented by depositary shares. Each series of preferred stock has a liquidation value and redemption price per share of  $10,000 , plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Dividends on fixed-rate preferred stock are payable quarterly. Dividends on fixed-to-floating-rate preferred stock are payable semiannually while at a fixed rate, and will become payable quarterly after converting to a floating rate. On  September 1, 2013 , the Firm redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its  8.625%  Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J at their stated redemption value. Redemption rights Each series of the Firm’s preferred stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after the earliest redemption date for that series. All outstanding preferred stock series except Series I may also be redeemed following a “capital treatment event”, as described in the terms of each series. Any redemption of the Firm’s preferred stock is subject to non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”).   Note 23 – Common stock At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  JPMorgan Chase  was authorized to issue  9.0 billion  shares of common stock with a par value of  $1  per share. Common shares issued (newly issued or distributed from treasury) by  JPMorgan Chase  during the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013  were as follows. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Total issued – balance at January 1 and December 31 4,104.9 4,104.9 4,104.9 Treasury – balance at January 1 (390.1 ) (348.8 ) (300.9 ) Purchase of treasury stock (89.8 ) (82.3 ) (96.1 ) Issued from treasury:       Employee benefits and compensation plans 32.8 39.8 47.1 Issuance of shares for warrant exercise 4.7 — — Employee stock purchase plans 1.0 1.2 1.1 Total issued from treasury 38.5 41.0 48.2 Total treasury – balance at December 31 (441.4 ) (390.1 ) (348.8 ) Outstanding at December 31 3,663.5 3,714.8 3,756.1 282   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report At  December 31, 2015 ,  2014 , and  2013 , respectively, the Firm had  47.4 million ,  59.8 million  and  59.8 million  warrants outstanding to purchase shares of common stock (the “Warrants”). The Warrants are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, and they are exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time until  October 28, 2018 . The original warrant exercise price was  $42.42  per share. The number of shares issuable upon the exercise of each warrant and the warrant exercise price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the extent to which regular quarterly cash dividends exceed  $0.38  per share. As a result of the Firm’s quarterly common stock dividend exceeding  $0.38  per share commencing with the second quarter of 2014, the exercise price of the Warrants has been adjusted each subsequent quarter, and was  $42.284  as of  December 31, 2015 . There has been no change in the number of shares issuable upon exercise. On  March 11, 2015 , in conjunction with the Federal Reserve’s release of its 2015 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) results, the Firm’s Board of Directors has authorized a  $6.4 billion  common equity (i.e., common stock and warrants) repurchase program. As of  December 31, 2015 ,  $2.7 billion  (on a settlement-date basis) of authorized repurchase capacity remained under the program. This authorization includes shares repurchased to offset issuances under the Firm’s equity-based compensation plans. The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common equity for the  years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , on a settlement-date basis. There were no warrants repurchased during the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased   89.8   82.3   96.1 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases   $ 5,616   $ 4,760   $ 4,789 The Firm may, from time to time, enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to facilitate repurchases in accordance with the common equity repurchase program. A Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan allows the Firm to repurchase its equity during periods when it would not otherwise be repurchasing common equity — for example, during internal trading “blackout periods.” All purchases under a Rule 10b5-1 plan must be made according to a predefined plan established when the Firm is not aware of material nonpublic information. For additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securities, see Part II,  Item 5: Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities, on  page 20 .   As of  December 31, 2015 , approximately  195 million  unissued shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under various employee incentive, compensation, option and stock purchase plans, director compensation plans, and the Warrants, as discussed above. Note 24 – Earnings per share Earnings per share (“EPS”) is calculated under the two-class method under which all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to each class of common stock and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends.  JPMorgan Chase  grants restricted stock and RSUs to certain employees under its stock-based compensation programs, which entitle recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock; these unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. Options issued under employee benefit plans that have an antidilutive effect are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31, (in millions,  except per share amounts) 2015 2014 2013 Basic earnings per share       Net income $ 24,442 $ 21,745 $ 17,886 Less: Preferred stock dividends 1,515 1,125 805 Net income applicable to common equity 22,927 20,620 17,081 Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 521 543 524 Net income applicable to common stockholders $ 22,406 $ 20,077 $ 16,557         Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding 3,700.4 3,763.5 3,782.4 Net income per share $ 6.05 $ 5.33 $ 4.38         Diluted earnings per share       Net income applicable to common stockholders $ 22,406 $ 20,077 $ 16,557         Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding 3,700.4 3,763.5 3,782.4 Add: Employee stock options, SARs and warrants (a) 32.4 34.0 32.5 Total weighted-average diluted shares outstanding (b) 3,732.8 3,797.5 3,814.9 Net income per share $ 6.00 $ 5.29 $ 4.34 (a) Excluded from the computation of diluted EPS (due to the antidilutive effect) were certain options issued under employee benefit plans. The aggregate number of shares issuable upon the exercise of such options was not material for the year ended  December 31, 2015 , and  1 million  and  6 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. (b) Participating securities were included in the calculation of diluted EPS using the two-class method, as this computation was more dilutive than the calculation using the treasury stock method. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   283 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 25 – Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) AOCI includes the after-tax change in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities, foreign currency translation adjustments (including the impact of related derivatives), cash flow hedging activities, and net loss and prior service costs/(credit) related to  the Firm’s  defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.   Year ended December 31,  Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities (a)   Translation adjustments, net of hedges   Cash flow hedges   Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2012   $ 6,868     $ (95 )       $ 120       $ (2,791 )       $ 4,102   Net change   (4,070 )       (41 )       (259 )       1,467       (2,903 )   Balance at December 31, 2013   $ 2,798       $ (136 )       $ (139 )       $ (1,324 )       $ 1,199   Net change   1,975       (11 )       44       (1,018 )       990   Balance at December 31, 2014   $ 4,773       $ (147 )       $ (95 )       $ (2,342 )       $ 2,189   Net change   (2,144 )       (15 )       51       111       (1,997 )   Balance at December 31, 2015   $ 2,629       $ (162 )       $ (44 )       $ (2,231 )       $ 192   (a) Represents the after-tax difference between the fair value and amortized cost of securities accounted for as AFS including, as of the date of transfer during 2014,  $9 million  of net unrealized losses related to AFS securities that were transferred to HTM. Subsequent to transfer, includes any net unamortized unrealized gains and losses related to the transferred securities. The following table presents the before- and after-tax changes in the components of other comprehensive income/(loss).   2015   2014   2013 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Pretax   Tax effect   After-tax   Pretax   Tax effect   After-tax   Pretax   Tax effect   After-tax Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities:                                   Net unrealized gains/(losses) arising during the period $ (3,315 )   $ 1,297   $ (2,018 )   $ 3,193   $ (1,170 )   $ 2,023   $ (5,987 )   $ 2,323   $ (3,664 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (a) (202 )   76   (126 )   (77 )   29   (48 )   (667 )   261   (406 ) Net change (3,517 )   1,373   (2,144 )   3,116   (1,141 )   1,975   (6,654 )   2,584   (4,070 ) Translation adjustments:                                   Translation (b) (1,876 )   682   (1,194 )   (1,638 )   588   (1,050 )   (807 )   295   (512 ) Hedges (b) 1,885   (706 )   1,179   1,698   (659 )   1,039   773   (302 )   471 Net change 9   (24 )   (15 )   60   (71 )   (11 )   (34 )   (7 )   (41 ) Cash flow hedges:                                   Net unrealized gains/(losses) arising during the period (97 )   35   (62 )   98   (39 )   59   (525 )   206   (319 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (c)(e) 180   (67 )   113   (24 )   9   (15 )   101   (41 )   60 Net change 83   (32 )   51   74   (30 )   44   (424 )   165   (259 ) Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans:                                   Prior service credits arising during the period —   —   —   (53 )   21   (32 )   —   —   — Net gains/(losses) arising during the period 29   (47 )   (18 )   (1,697 )   688   (1,009 )   2,055   (750 )   1,305 Reclassification adjustments included in  net income (d) :                                   Amortization of net loss 282   (106 )   176   72   (29 )   43   321   (124 )   197 Prior service costs/(credits) (36 )   14   (22 )   (44 )   17   (27 )   (43 )   17   (26 ) Foreign exchange and other 33   (58 )   (25 )   39   (32 )   7   (14 )   5   (9 ) Net change 308   (197 )   111   (1,683 )   665   (1,018 )   2,319   (852 )   1,467 Total other comprehensive income/(loss) $ (3,117 )   $ 1,120   $ (1,997 )   $ 1,567   $ (577 )   $ 990   $ (4,793 )   $ 1,890   $ (2,903 ) (a) The pretax amount is reported in securities gains in the Consolidated statements of income. (b) Reclassifications of pretax realized gains/(losses) on translation adjustments and related hedges are reported in other income/expense in the Consolidated statements of income. The amounts were not material for the periods presented. (c) The pretax amounts are predominantly recorded in net interest income in the Consolidated statements of income. (d) The pretax amount is reported in compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income. (e) In 2015, the Firm reclassified approximately  $150 million  of net losses from AOCI to other income because the Firm determined that it is probable that the forecasted interest payment cash flows will not occur. For additional information, see Note 6. 284   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 26 – Income taxes JPMorgan Chase and its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. JPMorgan Chase uses the asset and liability method to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. This method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that the Firm expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. JPMorgan Chase’s expense for income taxes includes the current and deferred portions of that expense. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount the Firm expects to realize. Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of  the Firm’s  businesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Agreement of tax liabilities between  JPMorgan Chase  and the many tax jurisdictions in which  the Firm  files tax returns may not be finalized for several years. Thus,  the Firm’s  final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different from those currently reported. Effective tax rate and expense A reconciliation of the applicable statutory U.S. income tax rate to the effective tax rate for each of the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  is presented in the following table. Effective tax rate             Year ended December 31,   2015   2014   2013 Statutory U.S. federal tax rate   35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % Increase/(decrease) in tax rate resulting from:             U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit   1.5   2.7   2.2 Tax-exempt income   (3.3 )   (3.1 )   (3.0 ) Non-U.S. subsidiary earnings (a)   (3.9 )   (2.0 )   (4.8 ) Business tax credits   (3.7 )   (3.3 )   (3.4 ) Nondeductible legal expense   0.8   2.3   7.8 Tax audit resolutions   (5.7 )   (1.4 )   (0.6 ) Other, net   (0.3 )   (1.0 )   (0.3 ) Effective tax rate   20.4  %   29.2  %   32.9  % (a) Predominantly includes earnings of U.K. subsidiaries that are deemed to be reinvested indefinitely.   The components of income tax expense/(benefit) included in the Consolidated statements of income were as follows for each of the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014 , and  2013 . Income tax expense/(benefit) Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Current income tax expense/(benefit)             U.S. federal   $ 3,160   $ 2,382   $ (654 ) Non-U.S.   1,220   1,353   1,308 U.S. state and local   547   857   (4 ) Total current income tax expense/(benefit)   4,927   4,592   650 Deferred income tax expense/(benefit)             U.S. federal   1,213   3,890   7,216 Non-U.S.   (95 )   71   10 U.S. state and local   215   401   913 Total deferred income tax       expense/(benefit)   1,333   4,362   8,139 Total income tax expense   $ 6,260   $ 8,954   $ 8,789 Total income tax expense includes   $2.4 billion ,  $451 million  and  $531 million   of tax benefits recorded in   2015 ,  2014 , and  2013 ,  respectively, as a result of tax audit resolutions. In 2013, the relationship between current and deferred income tax expense was largely driven by the reversal of significant deferred tax assets as well as prior-year tax adjustments and audit resolutions. Tax effect of items recorded in stockholders’ equity The preceding table does not reflect the tax effect of certain items that are recorded each period directly in  stockholders’  equity  and certain tax benefits associated with the Firm’s employee stock-based compensation plans.  The tax effect of all items recorded directly to  stockholders’ equity resulted in a increase of  $1.5 billion  in  2015 , a decrease of  $140 million  in  2014 , and an increase of  $2.1 billion  in  2013 . Results from Non-U.S. earnings The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income before income tax expense for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 U.S.   $ 23,191   $ 23,422   $ 17,990 Non-U.S. (a)   7,511   7,277   8,685 Income before income tax expense   $ 30,702   $ 30,699   $ 26,675 (a) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S. U.S. federal income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings have been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time. Based on  JPMorgan Chase’s  ongoing review of the business requirements and capital needs of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, combined with the formation of specific strategies and steps taken to fulfill  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   285 these requirements and needs,  the Firm  has determined that the undistributed earnings of certain of its subsidiaries would be indefinitely reinvested to fund current and future growth of the related businesses. As management does not intend to use the earnings of these subsidiaries as a source of funding for its U.S. operations, such earnings will not be distributed to the U.S. in the foreseeable future. For   2015 ,  pretax earnings of   $3.5 billion   were generated and will be indefinitely reinvested in these subsidiaries. At   December 31, 2015 ,  the cumulative amount of undistributed pretax earnings in these subsidiaries were   $34.6 billion .  If  the Firm  were to record a deferred tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings, the amount would be   $8.2 billion   at   December 31, 2015 . These undistributed earnings are related to subsidiaries located predominantly in the U.K. where the 2015 statutory tax rate was   20.25% . Affordable housing tax credits The Firm recognized  $1.6 billion ,  $1.6 billion  and  $1.5 billion  of tax credits and other tax benefits associated with investments in affordable housing projects within income tax expense for the years  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. The amount of amortization of such investments reported in income tax expense under the current period presentation during these years was  $1.1 billion ,  $1.1 billion  and  $989 million , respectively. The carrying value of these investments, which are reported in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets, was  $7.7 billion  and  $7.3 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. The amount of commitments related to these investments, which are reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets, was  $2.0 billion  and  $1.8 billion  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively.   Deferred taxes   Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) results from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. If a deferred tax asset is determined to be unrealizable, a valuation allowance is established.  The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the following table as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 . December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014 Deferred tax assets         Allowance for loan losses   $ 5,343   $ 5,756 Employee benefits   2,972   3,378 Accrued expenses and other   7,299   8,637 Non-U.S. operations   5,365   5,106 Tax attribute carryforwards   2,602   570 Gross deferred tax assets   23,581   23,447 Valuation allowance   (735 )   (820 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance   $ 22,846   $ 22,627 Deferred tax liabilities         Depreciation and amortization   $ 3,167   $ 3,073 Mortgage servicing rights, net of hedges   4,968   5,533 Leasing transactions   3,042   2,495 Non-U.S. operations   4,285   4,444 Other, net   4,419   5,392 Gross deferred tax liabilities   19,881   20,937 Net deferred tax assets   $ 2,965   $ 1,690 JPMorgan Chase has recorded deferred tax assets of  $2.6 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , in connection with U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards. At  December 31, 2015 , total U.S. federal NOL carryforwards were approximately  $5.2 billion , state and local NOL carryforwards were  $509 million , and non-U.S. NOL carryforwards were  $288 million . If not utilized, the U.S. federal NOLs will expire between 2025 and 2034 and the state and local and non-U.S. NOL carryforwards will expire between 2016 and 2017. Non-U.S. tax credit carryforwards were  $704 million  and will expire by 2023. The valuation allowance at  December 31, 2015 , was due to losses associated with non-U.S. subsidiaries. 286   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Unrecognized tax benefits At  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest expense and penalties, were  $3.5 billion ,  $4.9 billion  and  $5.5 billion , respectively, of which  $2.1 billion ,  $3.5 billion  and  $3.7 billion , respectively, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. Included in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits are certain items that would not affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized in the Consolidated statements of income. These unrecognized items include the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state and local unrecognized tax benefits that would be offset by the benefit from associated U.S. federal income tax deductions, and the portion of gross non-U.S. unrecognized tax benefits that would have offsets in other jurisdictions.  JPMorgan Chase  is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, most notably by the Internal Revenue Service as summarized in the Tax examination status table below. As JPMorgan Chase is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, it is reasonably possible that over the next 12 months the resolution of these examinations may increase or decrease the gross balance of unrecognized tax benefits by as much as approximately  $800 million . Upon settlement of an audit, the change in the unrecognized tax benefit balance would result from payment or income statement recognition. The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Balance at January 1,   $ 4,911   $ 5,535   $ 7,158 Increases based on tax positions related to the current period   408   810   542 Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods   1,028   477   88 Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods   (2,646 )   (1,902 )   (2,200 ) Decreases related to cash settlements with taxing authorities   (204 )   (9 )   (53 ) Balance at December 31,   $ 3,497   $ 4,911   $ 5,535 After-tax interest expense/(benefit) and penalties related to income tax liabilities recognized in income tax expense were  $(156) million ,  $17 million  and  $(184) million  in  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , in addition to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, the Firm had accrued  $578 million  and  $1.2 billion , respectively, for income tax-related interest and penalties.   Tax examination status JPMorgan Chase  is continually under examination by the Internal Revenue Service, by taxing authorities throughout the world, and by many states throughout the U.S. The following table summarizes the status of significant income tax examinations of JPMorgan Chase and its consolidated subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2015 . December 31, 2015   Periods under examination   Status JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2003 – 2005   Field examination completed; at Appellate level JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2006 – 2010   Field examination completed, JPMorgan Chase filed amended returns and intends to appeal JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2011 – 2013   Field Examination JPMorgan Chase – New York State   2008 – 2011   Field Examination JPMorgan Chase – California   2011 – 2012   Field Examination JPMorgan Chase – U.K.   2006 – 2012   Field examination of certain select entities JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   287 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 27 – Restrictions on cash and intercompany funds transfers The business of  JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ”) is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The Bank  is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, and its deposits in the U.S. are insured by the FDIC. The Federal Reserve requires depository institutions to maintain cash reserves with a Federal Reserve Bank. The average required amount of reserve balances deposited by  the Firm’s bank subsidiaries  with various Federal Reserve Banks was approximately   $14.4 billion  and  $10.6 billion  in  2015  and  2014 ,  respectively. Restrictions imposed by U.S. federal law prohibit   JPMorgan Chase  & Co. (“Parent Company”)  and certain of its affiliates from borrowing from   banking subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts. Such secured loans  provided by any banking subsidiary to the Parent Company or  to any particular affiliate, together with certain other transactions with such affiliate, (collectively referred to as “covered transactions”), are generally limited to   10%  of the banking subsidiary’s  total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of covered transactions between  any banking subsidiary and all of its affiliates is limited to  20%  of the banking subsidiary’s  total capital. The principal sources of  JPMorgan Chase ’s income (on a parent company-only basis) are dividends and interest from  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , and the other banking and nonbanking subsidiaries of  JPMorgan Chase .  In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations,  the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and the FDIC  have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including   JPMorgan Chase  and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies,  if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. At   January 1, 2016 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s banking subsidiaries  could pay, in the aggregate, approximately   $25 billion   in dividends to  their respective bank holding companies  without the prior approval of  their  relevant banking regulators. The capacity to pay dividends in   2016   will be supplemented by  the banking subsidiaries’  earnings during the year.   In compliance with rules and regulations established by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , cash in the amount of  $12.6 billion  and  $16.8 billion , respectively, were segregated in special bank accounts for the benefit of securities and futures brokerage customers. Also, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Firm had receivables within other assets of $ 16.2 billion  and  $14.9 billion , respectively, consisting of cash deposited with clearing organizations for the benefit of customers. Securities with a fair value of  $20.0 billion  and  $10.1 billion , respectively, were also restricted in relation to customer activity. In addition, as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm had other restricted cash of  $3.7 billion  and  $3.3 billion , respectively, primarily representing cash reserves held at non-U.S. central banks and held for other general purposes. Note 28 – Regulatory capital  The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. Basel III capital rules, for large and internationally active U.S. bank holding companies and banks, including the Firm and its insured depository institution (“IDI”) subsidiaries, revised, among other things, the definition of capital and introduced a new common equity tier 1 capital (“CET1 capital”) requirement. Basel III presents two comprehensive methodologies for calculating risk-weighted assets (“RWA”), a general (Standardized) approach, which replaced Basel I RWA effective January 1, 2015 (“Basel III Standardized”) and an advanced approach, which replaced Basel II RWA (“Basel III Advanced”); and sets out minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards. Certain of the requirements of Basel III are subject to phase-in periods that began on January 1, 2014 and continue through the end of 2018 (“transitional period”).  There are three categories of risk-based capital under the Basel III Transitional rules: CET1 capital, as well as Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital predominantly includes common stockholders’ equity (including capital for AOCI related to debt and equity securities classified as AFS as well as for defined benefit pension and OPEB plans), less certain deductions for goodwill, MSRs and deferred tax assets that arise from NOL and tax credit carryforwards. Tier 1 capital predominantly consists of CET1 capital as well as perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital includes long-term debt qualifying as Tier 2 and qualifying allowance for credit losses. Total capital is Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. 288   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report The following  tables present  the regulatory capital, assets and risk-based capital ratios for JPMorgan Chase and its significant national bank subsidiaries under both Basel III Standardized Transitional and Basel III Advanced Transitional at December 31, 2015 and 2014.      JPMorgan Chase & Co. (f)   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014   Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014 Regulatory capital               CET1 capital $ 175,398   $ 164,426   $ 175,398   $ 164,426 Tier 1 capital (a) 200,482   186,263   200,482   186,263 Total capital 234,413   221,117   224,616   210,576                 Assets               Risk-weighted (b) 1,465,262   1,472,602   1,485,336   1,608,240 Adjusted  average (c) 2,361,177   2,464,915   2,361,177   2,464,915                 Capital ratios (d)               CET1 12.0 %   11.2 %   11.8 %   10.2 % Tier 1 (a) 13.7   12.6   13.5   11.6 Total 16.0   15.0   15.1   13.1 Tier 1 leverage (e) 8.5   7.6   8.5   7.6   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (f)   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014   Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014 Regulatory capital               CET1 capital $ 168,857   $ 156,567   $ 168,857   $ 156,567 Tier 1 capital (a) 169,222   156,891   169,222   156,891 Total capital 183,262   173,322   176,423   166,326               Assets               Risk-weighted (b) 1,264,056   1,230,358   1,249,607   1,330,175 Adjusted  average (c) 1,913,448   1,968,131   1,913,448   1,968,131               Capital ratios (d)               CET1 13.4 %   12.7 %   13.5 %   11.8 % Tier 1 (a) 13.4   12.8   13.5   11.8 Total 14.5   14.1   14.1   12.5 Tier 1 leverage (e) 8.8   8.0   8.8   8.0     Chase Bank USA, N.A. (f)   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014   Dec 31,  2015   Dec 31,  2014 Regulatory capital               CET1 capital $ 15,419   $ 14,556   $ 15,419   $ 14,556 Tier 1 capital (a) 15,419   14,556   15,419   14,556 Total capital 21,418   20,517   20,069   19,206                 Assets               Risk-weighted (b) 105,807   103,468   181,775   157,565 Adjusted  average (c) 134,152   128,111   134,152   128,111                 Capital ratios (d)               CET1 14.6 %   14.1 %   8.5 %   9.2 % Tier 1 (a) 14.6   14.1   8.5   9.2 Total 20.2   19.8   11.0   12.2 Tier 1 leverage (e) 11.5   11.4   11.5   11.4 (a) At  December 31, 2015 , trust preferred securities included in Basel III Tier 1 capital were  $992 million  and  $420 million  for  JPMorgan Chase  and   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., respectively. At  December 31, 2015  Chase Bank USA, N.A. had  no  trust preferred securities. (b) Effective January 1, 2015, the Basel III Standardized RWA is calculated under the Basel III definition of the Standardized approach. Prior periods were based on Basel I (inclusive of Basel 2.5). (c) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the Tier 1 leverage ratio, includes total quarterly average assets adjusted for unrealized gains/(losses) on securities, less deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets, defined benefit pension plan assets, and deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards. (d) For each of the risk-based capital ratios, the capital adequacy of the Firm and its national bank subsidiaries are evaluated against the Basel III approach, Standardized or Advanced, resulting in the lower ratio (the “Collins Floor”), as required by the Collins Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act.  (e) The Tier 1 leverage ratio is not a risk-based measure of capital. This ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted average assets. (f) Asset and capital amounts for  JPMorgan Chase ’s banking subsidiaries reflect intercompany transactions; whereas the respective amounts for  JPMorgan Chase  reflect the elimination of intercompany transactions. Note: Rating agencies allow measures of capital to be adjusted upward for deferred tax liabilities, which have resulted from both non-taxable business combinations and from tax-deductible goodwill. The Firm had deferred tax liabilities resulting from non-taxable business combinations of  $105 million  and  $130 million  at  December 31, 2015 , and 2014, respectively; and deferred tax liabilities resulting from tax-deductible goodwill of  $3.0 billion  and  $2.7 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , and 2014, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   289 Notes to consolidated financial statements Under the risk-based capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve, JPMorgan Chase is required to maintain minimum ratios of CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital to risk-weighted assets, as well as minimum leverage ratios (which are defined as Tier 1 capital divided by adjusted quarterly average assets). Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the Federal Reserve to take action. Bank subsidiaries also are subject to these capital requirements by their respective primary regulators. The following table presents the minimum ratios to which the Firm and its national bank subsidiaries are subject as of  December 31, 2015 .    Minimum capital ratios (a)   Well-capitalized ratios      BHC (b)    IDI (c) Capital ratios           CET1 4.5 %   — %   6.5 % Tier 1 6.0   6.0   8.0 Total 8.0   10.0   10.0 Tier 1 leverage 4.0   —   5.0 (a) As defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and its national bank subsidiaries are subject. (b) Represents requirements for bank holding companies pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Reserve. (c) Represents requirements for bank subsidiaries pursuant to regulations issued under the FDIC Improvement Act. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, JPMorgan Chase and all of its banking subsidiaries were well-capitalized and met all capital requirements to which each was subject.   Note 29 – Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees, and other commitments JPMorgan Chase   provides lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its customers. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk to  the Firm  should the counterparty draw upon the commitment or  the Firm  be required to fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and should the counterparty subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees expire without being drawn or a default occurring. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in  the Firm’s  view, representative of its actual future credit exposure or funding requirements.   To provide for probable credit losses inherent in wholesale and certain consumer lending-commitments, an allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments is maintained.  See Note 15  for further information regarding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. The following table summarizes the contractual amounts and carrying values of off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 .  The amounts in the table below for credit card and home equity lending-related commitments represent the total available credit for these products.  The Firm  has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit for these products will be utilized at the same time.  The Firm  can reduce or cancel credit card lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice.  In addition, the Firm typically closes credit card lines when the borrower is  60 days  or more past due. The Firm  may reduce or close home equity lines of credit when there are significant decreases in the value of the underlying property, or when there has been a demonstrable decline in the creditworthiness of the borrower.   290   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments     Contractual amount   Carrying value (j)   2015   2014   2015 2014 By remaining maturity at December 31,  (in millions) Expires in 1 year or less Expires after  1 year through  3 years Expires after  3 years through  5 years Expires after 5 years Total   Total       Lending-related                     Consumer, excluding credit card:                     Home equity – senior lien $ 1,546 $ 3,817 $ 726 $ 4,743 $ 10,832   $ 11,807   $ — $ — Home equity – junior lien 2,375 4,354 657 4,538 11,924   14,859   — — Prime mortgage (a) 12,992 — — — 12,992   8,579   — — Subprime mortgage — — — — —   —   — — Auto 8,907 1,160 80 90 10,237   10,462   2 2 Business banking 11,085 699 92 475 12,351   11,894   12 11 Student and other 4 3 — 135 142   552   — — Total consumer, excluding credit card 36,909 10,033 1,555 9,981 58,478   58,153   14 13 Credit card 515,518 — — — 515,518   525,963   — — Total consumer (b) 552,427 10,033 1,555 9,981 573,996   584,116   14 13 Wholesale:                     Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (c)(d)(e) 85,861 89,925 140,640 6,899 323,325   318,278   649 491 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees (c)(d)(e) 16,083 14,287 5,819 2,944 39,133   44,272   548 671 Other letters of credit (c) 3,570 304 67 — 3,941   4,331   2 1 Total wholesale (f)(g) 105,514 104,516 146,526 9,843 366,399   366,881   1,199 1,163 Total lending-related $ 657,941 $ 114,549 $ 148,081 $ 19,824 $ 940,395   $ 950,997   $ 1,213 $ 1,176 Other guarantees and commitments                     Securities lending indemnification agreements and guarantees (h) $ 183,329 $ — $ — $ — $ 183,329   $ 171,059   $ — $ — Derivatives qualifying as guarantees 3,194 285 11,160 39,145 53,784   53,589   222 80 Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements 42,482 — — — 42,482   40,993   — — Unsettled repurchase and securities lending agreements 21,798 — — — 21,798   42,578   — — Loan sale and securitization-related indemnifications:       Mortgage repurchase liability  NA  NA  NA  NA NA   NA   148 275 Loans sold with recourse  NA  NA  NA  NA 4,274   6,063   82 102 Other guarantees and commitments (i) 369 2,603 1,075 1,533 5,580   5,720   (94 ) (121 ) (a) Includes certain commitments to purchase loans from correspondents. (b) Predominantly all consumer lending-related commitments are in the U.S. (c) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , reflects the contractual amount net of risk participations totaling  $385 million  and  $243 million , respectively, for other unfunded commitments to extend credit;  $11.2 billion  and  $13.0 billion , respectively, for standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees; and  $341 million  and  $469 million , respectively, for other letters of credit. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve these commitments are shown gross of risk participations. (d) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included credit enhancements and bond and commercial paper liquidity commitments to U.S. states and municipalities, hospitals and other nonprofit entities of  $12.3 billion  and  $14.8 billion , respectively, within other unfunded commitments to extend credit; and  $9.6 billion  and  $13.3 billion , respectively, within standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees. Other unfunded commitments to extend credit also include liquidity facilities to nonconsolidated municipal bond VIEs; see Note 16. (e) Effective in 2015, commitments to issue standby letters of credit, including those that could be issued under multipurpose facilities, are presented as other unfunded commitments to extend credit. Previously, such commitments were presented as standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees. At December 31, 2014, these commitments were  $45.6 billion . Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. (f) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the U.S. portion of the contractual amount of total wholesale lending-related commitments was  77%  and  73% , respectively. (g) Effective January 1, 2015, the Firm no longer includes within its disclosure of wholesale lending-related commitments the unused amount of advised uncommitted lines of credit as it is within the Firm’s discretion whether or not to make a loan under these lines, and the Firm’s approval is generally required prior to funding. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (h) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , collateral held by the Firm in support of securities lending indemnification agreements was  $190.6 billion  and  $177.1 billion , respectively. Securities lending collateral consist of primarily cash and securities issued by governments that are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and U.S. government agencies. (i) At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included unfunded commitments of  $50 million  and  $147 million , respectively, to third-party private equity funds; and  $871 million  and  $961 million , respectively, to other equity investments. These commitments included  $73 million  and  $150 million , respectively, related to investments that are generally fair valued at net asset value as discussed in Note 3. In addition, at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , included letters of credit hedged by derivative transactions and managed on a market risk basis of  $4.6 billion  and  $4.5 billion , respectively. (j) For lending-related products, the carrying value represents the allowance for lending-related commitments and the guarantee liability; for derivative-related products, the carrying value represents the fair value. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   291 Notes to consolidated financial statements Other unfunded commitments to extend credit   Other unfunded commitments to extend credit generally consist of commitments for working capital and general corporate purposes, extensions of credit to support commercial paper facilities and bond financings in the event that those obligations cannot be remarketed to new investors, as well as committed liquidity facilities to clearing organizations.  The Firm  also issues commitments under multipurpose facilities which could be drawn upon in several forms, including the issuance of a standby letter of credit.   Also included in other unfunded commitments to extend credit are commitments to noninvestment-grade counterparties in connection with leveraged finance activities, which were   $32.1 billion  and  $23.4 billion   at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively. For further information, see Note  3  and Note  4. The Firm  acts as a settlement and custody bank in the U.S. tri-party repurchase transaction market. In its role as settlement and custody bank,  the Firm  is exposed to the intra-day credit risk of its cash borrower clients, usually broker-dealers.  This exposure arises under secured clearance advance facilities that the Firm extends to its clients (i.e. cash borrowers); these facilities contractually limit the Firm’s intra-day credit risk to the facility amount and must be repaid by the end of the day. As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the secured clearance advance facility maximum outstanding commitment amount was  $2.9 billion  and  $12.6 billion , respectively. Guarantees   U.S. GAAP requires that a guarantor recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability in an amount equal to the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. U.S. GAAP defines a guarantee as a contract that contingently requires the guarantor to pay a guaranteed party based upon: (a) changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of the guaranteed party; or (b) a third party’s failure to perform under a specified agreement.  The Firm  considers the following off–balance sheet lending-related arrangements to be guarantees under U.S. GAAP: standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, securities lending indemnifications, certain indemnification agreements included within third-party contractual arrangements and certain derivative contracts.     As required by U.S. GAAP,  the Firm  initially records guarantees at the inception date fair value of the obligation assumed (e.g., the amount of consideration received or the net present value of the premium receivable). For certain types of guarantees,  the Firm  records this fair value amount in other liabilities with an offsetting entry recorded in cash (for premiums received), or other assets (for premiums receivable). Any premium receivable recorded in other assets is reduced as cash is received under the contract, and the fair value of the liability recorded at inception is amortized into income as lending and deposit-related fees over the life of the guarantee contract. For indemnifications provided in sales agreements, a portion of the sale proceeds is allocated to the guarantee, which adjusts the gain or loss that would otherwise result from the transaction. For these indemnifications, the initial liability is amortized to income as  the Firm’s  risk is reduced (i.e., over time or when the indemnification expires). Any contingent liability that exists as a result of issuing the guarantee or indemnification is recognized when it becomes probable and reasonably estimable. The contingent portion of the liability is not recognized if the estimated amount is less than the carrying amount of the liability recognized at inception (adjusted for any amortization).  The recorded amounts of the liabilities related to guarantees and indemnifications at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  excluding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments, are discussed below.   Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees   Standby letters of credit (“SBLC”) and other financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by  the Firm  to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade and similar transactions. The carrying values of standby and other letters of credit were   $550 million  and  $672 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, which were classified in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets; these carrying values included   $123 million  and  $118 million ,  respectively, for the allowance for lending-related commitments, and   $427 million  and  $554 million ,  respectively, for the guarantee liability and corresponding asset.   The following table summarizes the types of facilities under which standby letters of credit and other letters of credit arrangements are outstanding by the ratings profiles of  the Firm’s  customers, as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 . Standby letters of credit, other financial guarantees and other letters of credit   2015   2014 December 31, (in millions) Standby letters of  credit and other financial guarantees (b)   Other letters  of credit   Standby letters of  credit and other financial guarantees (b)   Other letters  of credit Investment-grade (a) $ 31,751   $ 3,290   $ 37,709   $ 3,476 Noninvestment-grade (a) 7,382   651   6,563   855 Total contractual amount $ 39,133   $ 3,941   $ 44,272   $ 4,331 Allowance for lending-related commitments $ 121   $ 2   $ 117   $ 1 Commitments with collateral 18,825   996   20,750   1,509 (a) The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal ratings, which generally correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s. (b) Effective in 2015, commitments to issue standby letters of credit, including those that could be issued under multipurpose facilities, are presented as other unfunded commitments to extend credit. Previously, such commitments were presented as standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees. At December 31, 2014, these commitments were  $45.6 billion . Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. 292   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Securities lending indemnifications   Through  the Firm’s  securities lending program, customers’ securities, via custodial and non-custodial arrangements, may be lent to third parties. As part of this program,  the Firm  provides an indemnification in the lending agreements which protects the lender against the failure of the borrower to return the lent securities. To minimize its liability under these indemnification agreements,  the Firm  obtains cash or other highly liquid collateral with a market value exceeding   100%   of the value of the securities on loan from the borrower. Collateral is marked to market daily to help assure that collateralization is adequate. Additional collateral is called from the borrower if a shortfall exists, or collateral may be released to the borrower in the event of overcollateralization. If a borrower defaults,  the Firm  would use the collateral held to purchase replacement securities in the market or to credit the lending customer with the cash equivalent thereof.   Derivatives qualifying as guarantees   In addition to the contracts described above,  the Firm  transacts certain derivative contracts that have the characteristics of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP. These contracts include written put options that require  the Firm  to purchase assets upon exercise by the option holder at a specified price by a specified date in the future.  The Firm  may enter into written put option contracts in order to meet client needs, or for other trading purposes. The terms of written put options are typically five years or less. Derivatives deemed to be guarantees also include contracts such as stable value derivatives that require  the Firm  to make a payment of the difference between the market value and the book value of a counterparty’s reference portfolio of assets in the event that market value is less than book value and certain other conditions have been met. Stable value derivatives, commonly referred to as “stable value wraps”, are transacted in order to allow investors to realize investment returns with less volatility than an unprotected portfolio and are typically longer-term or may have no stated maturity, but allow  the Firm  to terminate the contract under certain conditions.   Derivatives deemed to be guarantees are recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value in trading assets and trading liabilities.  The total notional value of the derivatives that  the Firm  deems to be guarantees was   $53.8 billion  and  $53.6 billion   at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively. The notional amount generally represents  the Firm’s  maximum exposure to derivatives qualifying as guarantees. However, exposure to certain stable value contracts is contractually limited to a substantially lower percentage of the notional amount; the notional amount on these stable value contracts was   $28.4 billion  and  $27.5 billion   at   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, and the maximum exposure to loss was   $3.0 billion  and  $2.9 billion   at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively.  The fair values of the contracts reflect the probability of whether  the Firm  will be required to perform under the contract. The fair value of derivatives that  the Firm  deems to be guarantees were derivative payables of   $236 million  and  $102 million   and derivative receivables of   $14 million  and  $22 million  at  December 31, 2015  and    2014 ,  respectively.  The Firm  reduces exposures to these contracts by entering into offsetting transactions, or by entering into contracts that hedge the market risk related to the derivative guarantees.   In addition to derivative contracts that meet the characteristics of a guarantee,  the Firm  is both a purchaser and seller of credit protection in the credit derivatives market. For a further discussion of credit derivatives, see Note  6. Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements , and unsettled repurchase and securities lending agreements In the normal course of business,  the Firm  enters into reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements, which are secured financing agreements. Such agreements settle at a future date. At settlement, these commitments result in  the Firm  advancing cash to and receiving securities collateral from the counterparty.  The Firm  also enters into repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in  the Firm  receiving cash from and providing securities collateral to the counterparty.  These agreements generally do not meet the definition of a derivative, and therefore, are not recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets until settlement date. These agreements predominantly consist of agreements with regular-way settlement periods. For a further discussion of securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, and securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, see Note  13. Loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications   Mortgage repurchase liability   In connection with  the Firm’s  mortgage loan sale and securitization activities with U.S. GSEs, as described in Note  16, the Firm  has made representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements.  The Firm  has been, and may be, required to repurchase loans and/or indemnify U.S. GSEs (e.g., with “make-whole” payments to reimburse U.S. GSEs for their realized losses on liquidated loans). To the extent that repurchase demands that are received relate to loans that  the Firm  purchased from third parties that remain viable,  the Firm  typically will have the right to seek a recovery of related repurchase losses from the third party. Generally, the maximum amount of future payments  the Firm  would be required to make for breaches of these representations and warranties would be equal to the unpaid principal balance of such loans that are deemed to have defects that were sold to purchasers (including securitization-related SPEs) plus, in certain circumstances, accrued interest on such loans and certain expense.  The carrying values of the repurchase liabilities were  $148 million  and  $275 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , respectively. Private label securitizations The liability related to repurchase demands associated with private label securitizations is separately evaluated by  the Firm  in establishing its litigation reserves.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   293 Notes to consolidated financial statements On November 15, 2013,  the Firm  announced that it had reached a   $4.5 billion   agreement with   21   major institutional investors to make a binding offer to the trustees of   330  residential mortgage-backed securities trusts issued by J.P.Morgan, Chase, and Bear Stearns (“RMBS Trust Settlement”) to resolve all representation and warranty claims, as well as all servicing claims, on all trusts issued by J.P. Morgan, Chase, and Bear Stearns between 2005 and 2008. For further information see Note 31 . In addition, from 2005 to 2008, Washington Mutual made certain loan level representations and warranties in connection with approximately   $165 billion   of residential mortgage loans that were originally sold or deposited into private-label securitizations by Washington Mutual. Of the   $165 billion ,  approximately   $81 billion   has been repaid. In addition, approximately   $50 billion   of the principal amount of such loans has liquidated with an average loss severity of   59% .  Accordingly, the remaining outstanding principal balance of these loans as of   December 31, 2015 ,  was approximately   $33 billion ,  of which   $6 billion   was   60 days   or more past due.  The Firm  believes that any repurchase obligations related to these loans remain with the FDIC receivership.   For additional information regarding litigation, see Note  31. Loans sold with recourse   The Firm  provides servicing for mortgages and certain commercial lending products on both a recourse and nonrecourse basis. In nonrecourse servicing, the principal credit risk to  the Firm  is the cost of temporary servicing advances of funds (i.e., normal servicing advances). In recourse servicing, the servicer agrees to share credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans, such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or a private investor, insurer or guarantor. Losses on recourse servicing predominantly occur when foreclosure sales proceeds of the property underlying a defaulted loan are less than the sum of the outstanding principal balance, plus accrued interest on the loan and the cost of holding and disposing of the underlying property.  The Firm’s  securitizations are predominantly nonrecourse, thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses to the purchaser of the mortgage-backed securities issued by the trust. At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  the unpaid principal balance of loans sold with recourse totaled   $4.3 billion  and  $6.1 billion ,  respectively. The carrying value of the related liability that  the Firm  has recorded, which is representative of  the Firm’s  view of the likelihood it will have to perform under its recourse obligations, was   $82 million  and  $102 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively.   Other off-balance sheet arrangements   Indemnification agreements – general   In connection with issuing securities to investors,  the Firm  may enter into contractual arrangements with third parties that require  the Firm  to make a payment to them in the event of a change in tax law or an adverse interpretation of tax law. In certain cases, the contract also may include a termination clause, which would allow  the Firm  to settle the contract at its fair value in lieu of making a payment under the indemnification clause.  The Firm  may also enter into    indemnification clauses in connection with the licensing of software to clients (“software licensees”) or when it sells a business or assets to a third party (“third-party purchasers”), pursuant to which it indemnifies software licensees for claims of liability or damages that may occur subsequent to the licensing of the software, or third-party purchasers for losses they may incur due to actions taken by  the Firm  prior to the sale of the business or assets. It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements, since this would require an assessment of future changes in tax law and future claims that may be made against  the Firm  that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote.   Card charge-backs   Commerce Solutions, Card’s merchant services business, is a global leader in payment processing and merchant acquiring.   Under the rules of Visa USA, Inc., and MasterCard International, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is primarily liable for the amount of each processed card sales transaction that is the subject of a dispute between a cardmember and a merchant. If a dispute is resolved in the cardmember’s favor, Commerce Solutions will (through the cardmember’s issuing bank) credit or refund the amount to the cardmember and will charge back the transaction to the merchant. If Commerce Solutions is unable to collect the amount from the merchant, Commerce Solutions will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the cardmember. Commerce Solutions mitigates this risk by withholding future settlements, retaining cash reserve accounts or by obtaining other security. However, in the unlikely event that: (1) a merchant ceases operations and is unable to deliver products, services or a refund; (2) Commerce Solutions does not have sufficient collateral from the merchant to provide customer refunds; and (3) Commerce Solutions does not have sufficient financial resources to provide customer refunds, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., would recognize the loss.   Commerce Solutions incurred aggregate losses of   $12 million ,  $10 million , and  $14 million  on  $949.3 billion ,  $847.9 billion , and  $750.1 billion   of aggregate volume processed for the years ended   December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 ,  respectively. Incurred losses from merchant charge-backs are charged to other expense, with the offset recorded in a valuation allowance against accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the valuation allowance was   $20 million  and  $4 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, which  the Firm  believes, based on historical experience and the collateral held by Commerce Solutions of   $136 million  and  $174 million  at  December 31, 2015  and  2014 ,  respectively, is representative of the payment or performance risk to  the Firm  related to charge-backs.   294   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Clearing Services – Client Credit Risk   The Firm  provides clearing services for clients by entering into securities purchases and sales and derivative transactions, with CCPs, including ETDs such as futures and options, as well as OTC-cleared derivative contracts. As a clearing member,  the Firm  stands behind the performance of its clients, collects cash and securities collateral (margin) as well as any settlement amounts due from or to clients, and remits them to the relevant CCP or client in whole or part. There are two types of margin. Variation margin is posted on a daily basis based on the value of clients’ derivative contracts. Initial margin is posted at inception of a derivative contract, generally on the basis of the potential changes in the variation margin requirement for the contract.   As clearing member,  the Firm  is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, but is not liable to clients for the performance of the CCPs. Where possible,  the Firm  seeks to mitigate its risk to the client through the collection of appropriate amounts of margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions.  The Firm  can also cease providing clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. In the event of non-performance by a client,  the Firm  would close out the client’s positions and access available margin. The CCP would utilize any margin it holds to make itself whole, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by  the Firm  as a clearing member.   The Firm  reflects its exposure to nonperformance risk of the client through the recognition of margin payables or receivables to clients and CCPs, but does not reflect the clients’ underlying securities or derivative contracts on its Consolidated Financial Statements.   It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum possible exposure through its role as a clearing member, as this would require an assessment of transactions that clients may execute in the future. However, based upon historical experience, and the credit risk mitigants available to  the Firm,  management believes it is unlikely that  the Firm  will have to make any material payments under these arrangements and the risk of loss is expected to be remote.   For information on the derivatives that  the Firm  executes for its own account and records in its Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note  6. Exchange & Clearing House Memberships   The Firm  is a member of several securities and derivative exchanges and clearing houses, both in the U.S. and other countries, and it provides clearing services. Membership in some of these organizations requires  the Firm  to pay a pro rata share of the losses incurred by the organization as a result of the default of another member. Such obligations vary with different organizations. These obligations may be limited to members who dealt with the defaulting member or to the amount (or a multiple of the amount) of  the Firm’s  contribution to the guarantee fund maintained by a clearing house or exchange as part of the resources available to cover any losses in the event of a member default. Alternatively, these obligations may be a full pro-rata share    of the residual losses after applying the guarantee fund. Additionally, certain clearing houses require  the Firm  as a member to pay a pro rata share of losses resulting from the clearing house’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin, unrelated to and independent of the default of another member. Generally a payment would only be required should such losses exceed the resources of the clearing house or exchange that are contractually required to absorb the losses in the first instance. It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum possible exposure under these membership agreements, since this would require an assessment of future claims that may be made against  the Firm  that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote.   Guarantees of subsidiaries In the normal course of business,  JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“Parent Company”)  may provide counterparties with guarantees of certain of the trading and other obligations of its subsidiaries   on a contract-by-contract basis, as negotiated with  the Firm’s  counterparties. The obligations of the subsidiaries are included on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets or are reflected as off-balance sheet commitments; therefore,  the Parent Company  has not recognized a separate liability for these guarantees.  The Firm  believes that the occurrence of any event that would trigger payments by  the Parent Company  under these guarantees is remote.   The Parent Company  has guaranteed certain debt of its subsidiaries, including both long-term debt and structured notes .  These guarantees are not included in the table on   page 291   of this Note. For additional information, see Note  21. JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (“JPMFC”), a direct,  100% -owned finance subsidiary of the Parent Company, was formed on September 30, 2015, for the purpose of issuing debt and other securities in offerings to investors. Any securities issued by JPMFC will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company, and these guarantees will rank on a parity with the Firm’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. As of December 31, 2015, no securities had been issued by JPMFC. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   295 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 30 – Commitments, pledged assets and collateral Lease commitments   At   December 31, 2015 , JPMorgan Chase  and its subsidiaries were obligated under a number of noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes , and for energy-related tolling service agreements.  Certain leases contain renewal options or escalation clauses providing for increased rental payments based on maintenance, utility and tax increases, or they require  the Firm  to perform restoration work on leased premises. No lease agreement imposes restrictions on  the Firm’s  ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions or enter into further lease agreements.   The following table presents required future minimum rental payments under operating leases with noncancelable lease terms that expire after   December 31, 2015 . Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2016 $ 1,668 2017 1,647 2018 1,447 2019 1,263 2020 1,125 After 2020 4,679 Total minimum payments required 11,829 Less: Sublease rentals under noncancelable subleases (1,889 ) Net minimum payment required $ 9,940 Total rental expense was as follows.   Year ended December 31,             (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Gross rental expense   $ 2,015   $ 2,255   $ 2,187 Sublease rental income   (411 )   (383 )   (341 ) Net rental expense   $ 1,604   $ 1,872   $ 1,846   Pledged assets   The Firm  may pledge financial assets that it owns to maintain potential borrowing capacity with central banks and for other purposes, including to secure borrowings and public deposits, and to collateralize repurchase and other securities financing agreements. Certain of these pledged assets may be sold or repledged by the secured parties and are identified as financial instruments owned (pledged to various parties) on the Consolidated balance sheets.  At  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had pledged assets of   $385.6 billion  and  $324.5 billion ,  respectively, at Federal Reserve Banks and FHLBs. In addition, as of   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had pledged   $50.7 billion  and  $60.1 billion ,  respectively, of financial assets that may not be sold or repledged by the secured parties. Total assets pledged do not include assets of consolidated VIEs; these assets are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. See Note  16  for additional information on assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs. For additional information on  the Firm’s  securities financing activities and long-term debt, see Note  13  and Note  21,  respectively.   The significant components of  the Firm’s  pledged assets were as follows.   December 31, (in billions)   2015   2014 Securities   $ 124.3   $ 118.7 Loans   298.6   248.2 Trading assets and other   144.9   169.0 Total assets pledged   $ 567.8   $ 535.9 Collateral   At   December 31, 2015  and  2014 , the Firm  had accepted assets as collateral that it could sell or repledge, deliver or otherwise use with a fair value of approximately   $748.5 billion  and  $761.7 billion ,  respectively. This collateral was generally obtained under resale agreements, securities borrowing agreements, customer margin loans and derivative agreements. Of the collateral received, approximately   $580.9 billion  and  $596.8 billion ,  respectively, were sold or repledged, generally as collateral under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements or to cover short sales and to collateralize deposits and derivative agreements.   296   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 31 – Litigation Contingencies As of  December 31, 2015 , the Firm and its subsidiaries and affiliates are defendants or putative defendants in numerous legal proceedings, including private, civil litigations and regulatory/government investigations. The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintiff to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class members. Investigations involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations. These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the Firm’s lines of business and geographies and a wide variety of claims (including common law tort and contract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and consumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories. The Firm believes the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of reserves established, for its legal proceedings is from  $0  to approximately  $3.6 billion  at  December 31, 2015 . This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses is based upon currently available information for those proceedings in which the Firm believes that an estimate of reasonably possible loss can be made. For certain matters, the Firm does not believe that such an estimate can be made. The Firm’s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses involves significant judgment, given the number, variety and varying stages of the proceedings (including the fact that many are in preliminary stages), the existence in many such proceedings of multiple defendants (including the Firm) whose share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the proceedings (including issues regarding class certification and the scope of many of the claims) and the attendant uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings, particularly proceedings that could result from government investigations. Accordingly, the Firm’s estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly. Set forth below are descriptions of the Firm’s material legal proceedings. Auto Dealer Regulatory Matter.  The U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) is investigating potential statistical disparities in markups charged to borrowers of different races and ethnicities by automobile dealers on loans originated by those dealers and purchased by the Firm. CIO Litigation.  The Firm has been sued in a consolidated shareholder class action, a consolidated putative class action brought under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) and  seven  shareholder derivative actions brought in Delaware state court and in New York federal and state courts relating to 2012 losses in the synthetic credit portfolio managed by the Firm’s Chief Investment Office (“CIO”). A settlement of the shareholder class action, under which the Firm will pay  $150 million ,    has been preliminarily approved by the court. The putative ERISA class action has been dismissed, and plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal.  Six  of the  seven  shareholder derivative actions have been dismissed. Credit Default Swaps Investigations and Litigation.  In July 2013, the European Commission (the “EC”) filed a Statement of Objections against the Firm (including various subsidiaries) and other industry members in connection with its ongoing investigation into the credit default swaps (“CDS”) marketplace. The EC asserted that between 2006 and 2009, a number of investment banks acted collectively through the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) and Markit Group Limited (“Markit”) to foreclose exchanges from the potential market for exchange-traded credit derivatives. In December 2015, the EC announced the closure of its investigation as to the Firm and other investment banks. Separately, the Firm and other defendants have entered separate agreements to settle a consolidated putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers and sellers of CDS. The complaint in this action had alleged that the defendant investment banks and dealers, including the Firm, as well as Markit and/or ISDA, collectively prevented new entrants into the market for exchange-traded CDS products. These settlements are subject to Court approval. Custody Assets Investigation . The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) has closed its previously-reported investigation concerning compliance by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London branch and J.P. Morgan Europe Limited with the FCA’s rules regarding the provision of custody services relating to the administration of client assets. Foreign Exchange Investigations and Litigation.  The Firm previously reported settlements with certain government authorities relating to its foreign exchange (“FX”) sales and trading activities and controls related to those activities. FX-related investigations and inquiries by other, non-U.S. government authorities, including competition authorities, remain ongoing, and the Firm is cooperating with those matters. The Firm is also one of a number of foreign exchange dealers defending a class action filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by U.S.-based plaintiffs, principally alleging violations of federal antitrust laws based on an alleged conspiracy to manipulate foreign exchange rates (the “U.S. class action”). In January 2015, the Firm entered into a settlement agreement in the U.S. class action. Following this settlement, a number of additional putative class actions were filed seeking damages for persons who transacted FX futures and options on futures (the “exchanged-based actions”), consumers who purchased foreign currencies at allegedly inflated rates (the “consumer actions”), and participants or beneficiaries of qualified ERISA plans (the “ERISA actions”). In July 2015, the plaintiffs in the U.S. class action filed an amended complaint, and the Court consolidated the exchange-based  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   297 Notes to consolidated financial statements actions into the U.S. class action. The Firm has entered into a revised settlement agreement to resolve the consolidated U.S. class action, including the exchange-based actions, and that agreement is subject to Court approval. The consumer actions and ERISA actions remain pending. In September 2015,  two  class actions were filed in Canada against the Firm as well as a number of other FX dealers, principally for alleged violations of the Canadian Competition Act based on an alleged conspiracy to fix the prices of currency purchased in the FX market. The first action was filed in the province of Ontario, and seeks to represent all persons in Canada who transacted any FX instrument. The second action seeks to represent only those persons in Quebec who engaged in FX transactions. General Motors Litigation.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. participated in, and was the Administrative Agent on behalf of a syndicate of lenders on, a  $1.5 billion  syndicated Term Loan facility (“Term Loan”) for General Motors Corporation (“GM”). In July 2009, in connection with the GM bankruptcy proceedings, the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Company (“Creditors Committee”) filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity and as Administrative Agent for other lenders on the Term Loan, seeking to hold the underlying lien invalid based on the filing of a UCC-3 termination statement relating to the Term Loan. In March 2013, the Bankruptcy Court granted JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s motion for summary judgment and dismissed the Creditors Committee’s complaint on the grounds that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. did not authorize the filing of the UCC-3 termination statement at issue. The Creditors Committee appealed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of its claim to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In January 2015, the Court of Appeals reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the Creditors Committee’s claim and remanded the case to the Bankruptcy Court with instructions to enter partial summary judgment for the Creditors Committee as to the termination statement. The proceedings in the Bankruptcy Court continue with respect to, among other things, additional defenses asserted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the value of additional collateral on the Term Loan that was unaffected by the filing of the termination statement at issue. In addition, certain Term Loan lenders filed cross-claims against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the Bankruptcy Court seeking indemnification and asserting various claims. Interchange Litigation.  A group of merchants and retail associations filed a series of class action complaints alleging that Visa and MasterCard, as well as certain banks, conspired to set the price of credit and debit card interchange fees, enacted respective rules in violation of antitrust laws, and engaged in tying/bundling and exclusive dealing. The parties have entered into an agreement to settle the cases for a cash payment of  $6.1 billion  to the class plaintiffs (of which the Firm’s share is approximately  20% ) and an amount equal to  ten  basis points of credit card interchange for a period of  eight  months to be    measured from a date within  60 days  of the end of the opt-out period. The agreement also provides for modifications to each credit card network’s rules, including those that prohibit surcharging credit card transactions. In December 2013, the Court issued a decision granting final approval of the settlement. A number of merchants appealed, and oral argument was held in September 2015. Certain merchants and trade associations have also filed a motion with the District Court seeking to set aside the approval of the class settlement on the basis of alleged improper communications between  one  of MasterCard’s former outside counsel and  one  of plaintiffs’ outside counsel. That motion remains pending. Certain merchants that opted out of the class settlement have filed actions against Visa and MasterCard, as well as against the Firm and other banks. Defendants’ motion to dismiss those actions was denied in July 2014. Investment Management Litigation.  The Firm is defending  two  pending cases that are being coordinated for pre-trial purposes, alleging that investment portfolios managed by J.P. Morgan Investment Management (“JPMIM”) were inappropriately invested in securities backed by residential real estate collateral. Plaintiffs Assured Guaranty (U.K.) and Ambac Assurance UK Limited claim that JPMIM is liable for total losses of more than  $1 billion  in market value of these securities. Discovery has been completed. In January 2016, plaintiffs filed a joint partial motion for summary judgment in the coordinated actions. Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy Proceedings.  In May 2010, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (“LBHI”) and its Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the “Committee”) filed a complaint (and later an amended complaint) against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York that asserted both federal bankruptcy law and state common law claims, and sought, among other relief, to recover  $7.9 billion  in collateral (after deducting  $700 million  of returned collateral) that was transferred to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the weeks preceding LBHI’s bankruptcy. The amended complaint also sought unspecified damages on the grounds that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s collateral requests hastened LBHI’s bankruptcy. The Bankruptcy Court dismissed the claims in the amended complaint that sought to void the allegedly constructively fraudulent and preferential transfers made to the Firm during September 2008, but did not dismiss the other claims, including claims for duress and fraud. The Firm filed counterclaims against LBHI, including alleging that LBHI fraudulently induced the Firm to make large extensions of credit against inappropriate collateral in connection with the Firm’s role as the clearing bank for Lehman Brothers Inc. (“LBI”), LBHI’s broker-dealer subsidiary. These extensions of credit left the Firm with more than  $25 billion  in claims against the estate of LBI, which was repaid principally through collateral posted by LBHI and LBI. In September 2015, the District Court, to which the case had been transferred from the Bankruptcy Court, granted summary judgment in favor  298   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on most of the claims against it that the Bankruptcy Court had not previously dismissed, including the claims for duress and fraud. The District Court also denied LBHI’s motion for summary judgment on certain of its claims and for dismissal of the Firm’s counterclaims. The claims that remained following the District Court’s ruling challenged the propriety of the Firm’s post-petition payment, from collateral posted by LBHI, of approximately  $1.9 billion  of derivatives, repo and securities lending claims. In the Bankruptcy Court proceedings, LBHI and several of its subsidiaries that had been Chapter 11 debtors had filed a separate complaint and objection to derivatives claims asserted by the Firm alleging that the amount of the derivatives claims had been overstated and challenging certain set-offs taken by JPMorgan Chase entities to recover on the claims. In January 2015, LBHI filed claims objections with respect to guaranty claims asserted by the Firm arising from close-outs of derivatives transactions with LBI and one of its affiliates, and a claim objection with respect to derivatives close-out claims acquired by the Firm in the Washington Mutual transaction. In January 2016, the parties reached an agreement, approved by the Bankruptcy Court, under which the Firm will pay  $1.42 billion  to settle all of the claims, counterclaims and claims objections, including all appeal rights, except for the claims specified in the following paragraph. One  pro se  objector is seeking to appeal the settlement. The settlement did not resolve the following remaining matters: In the Bankruptcy Court proceedings, LBHI and the Committee filed an objection to the claims asserted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. against LBHI with respect to clearing advances made to LBI, principally on the grounds that the Firm had not conducted the sale of the securities collateral held for its claims in a commercially reasonable manner. In January 2015, LBHI brought  two  claims objections relating to securities lending claims and a group of other smaller claims. Discovery with respect to these objections is ongoing. LIBOR and Other Benchmark Rate Investigations and Litigation.  JPMorgan Chase has received subpoenas and requests for documents and, in some cases, interviews, from federal and state agencies and entities, including the DOJ, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and various state attorneys general, as well as the EC, the FCA, the Canadian Competition Bureau, the Swiss Competition Commission and other regulatory authorities and banking associations around the world relating primarily to the process by which interest rates were submitted to the British Bankers Association (“BBA”) in connection with the setting of the BBA’s London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) for various currencies, principally in 2007 and 2008. Some of the inquiries also relate to similar processes by which information on rates is submitted to the    European Banking Federation (“EBF”) in connection with the setting of the EBF’s Euro Interbank Offered Rates (“EURIBOR”) and to the Japanese Bankers’ Association for the setting of Tokyo Interbank Offered Rates (“TIBOR”), as well as processes for the setting of U.S. dollar ISDAFIX rates and other reference rates in various parts of the world during similar time periods. The Firm is responding to and continuing to cooperate with these inquiries. As previously reported, the Firm has resolved EC inquiries relating to Yen LIBOR and Swiss Franc LIBOR. In May 2014, the EC issued a Statement of Objections outlining its case against the Firm (and others) as to EURIBOR, to which the Firm has filed a response and made oral representations. Other inquiries have been discontinued without any action against JPMorgan Chase, including by the FCA and the Canadian Competition Bureau. In addition, the Firm has been named as a defendant along with other banks in a series of individual and putative class actions filed in various United States District Courts, in which plaintiffs make varying allegations that in various periods, starting in 2000 or later, defendants either individually or collectively manipulated the U.S. dollar LIBOR, Yen LIBOR, Swiss franc LIBOR, Euroyen TIBOR and/or EURIBOR rates by submitting rates that were artificially low or high. Plaintiffs allege that they transacted in loans, derivatives or other financial instruments whose values are affected by changes in U.S. dollar LIBOR, Yen LIBOR, Swiss franc LIBOR, Euroyen TIBOR or EURIBOR and assert a variety of claims including antitrust claims seeking treble damages. These matters are in various stages of litigation. The U.S. dollar LIBOR-related putative class actions and most U.S. dollar LIBOR-related individual actions were consolidated for pre-trial purposes in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Court dismissed certain claims, including the antitrust claims, and permitted other claims under the Commodity Exchange Act and common law to proceed. Certain plaintiffs appealed the dismissal of the antitrust claims, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit dismissed the appeal for lack of jurisdiction. In January 2015, the United States Supreme Court reversed the decision of the Court of Appeals, holding that plaintiffs have the jurisdictional right to appeal, and remanded the case to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings. The Court of Appeals heard oral argument on remand in November 2015. The Firm is  one  of the defendants in a number of putative class actions alleging that defendant banks and ICAP conspired to manipulate the U.S. dollar ISDAFIX rates. Plaintiffs primarily assert claims under the federal antitrust laws and Commodities Exchange Act. Madoff Litigation.  Various subsidiaries of the Firm, including J.P. Morgan Securities plc, have been named as defendants in lawsuits filed in Bankruptcy Court in New York arising out of the liquidation proceedings of Fairfield Sentry Limited and Fairfield Sigma Limited, so-called Madoff feeder funds.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   299 Notes to consolidated financial statements These actions seek to recover payments made by the funds to defendants totaling approximately  $155 million . All but  two  of these actions have been dismissed. In addition, a putative class action was brought by investors in certain feeder funds against JPMorgan Chase in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, as was a motion by separate potential class plaintiffs to add claims against the Firm and certain subsidiaries to an already pending putative class action in the same court. The allegations in these complaints largely track those previously raised -- and resolved as to the Firm -- by the court-appointed trustee for Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC. The District Court dismissed these complaints and the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the District Court’s decision. The United States Supreme Court denied plaintiffs’ petition for a writ of certiorari in March 2015. Plaintiffs subsequently served a motion in the Court of Appeals seeking to have the Court reconsider its prior decision in light of another recent appellate decision. That motion was denied in June 2015. The Firm is a defendant in  five  other Madoff-related individual investor actions pending in New York state court. The allegations in all of these actions are essentially identical, and involve claims against the Firm for, among other things, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and unjust enrichment. In August 2014, the Court dismissed all claims against the Firm. In January 2016, the Appellate Court affirmed the dismissal. A putative class action was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey by investors who were net winners (i.e., Madoff customers who had taken more money out of their accounts than had been invested) in Madoff’s Ponzi scheme and were not included in a prior class action settlement. These plaintiffs allege violations of the federal securities law, federal and state racketeering statutes and multiple common law and statutory claims including breach of trust, aiding and abetting embezzlement, unjust enrichment, conversion and commercial bad faith. A similar action was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, although it was not styled as a class action, and included claims pursuant to Florida statutes. The Firm moved to transfer both the Florida and New Jersey actions to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Florida court denied the transfer motion, but subsequently granted the Firm’s motion to dismiss the case in September 2015. Plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal, which is pending. In addition, the same plaintiffs have re-filed their dismissed state claims in Florida state court. The New Jersey court granted the transfer motion to the Southern District of New York, and the Firm has moved to dismiss the case pending in New York. Three  shareholder derivative actions have also been filed in New York federal and state court against the Firm, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former Board members, alleging breach of fiduciary duty in    connection with the Firm’s relationship with Bernard Madoff and the alleged failure to maintain effective internal controls to detect fraudulent transactions. The actions seek declaratory relief and damages. All  three  actions have been dismissed. The plaintiff in one action did not appeal, the dismissal has been affirmed on appeal in another action, and one appeal remains pending. Mortgage-Backed Securities and Repurchase Litigation and Related Regulatory Investigations.  The Firm and affiliates (together, “JPMC”), Bear Stearns and affiliates (together, “Bear Stearns”) and certain Washington Mutual affiliates (together, “Washington Mutual”) have been named as defendants in a number of cases in their various roles in offerings of mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”). These cases include actions by individual MBS purchasers and actions by monoline insurance companies that guaranteed payments of principal and interest for particular tranches of MBS offerings. Following the settlements referred to below, there are currently pending and tolled investor claims involving MBS with an original principal balance of approximately  $4.2 billion , of which  $2.6 billion  involves JPMC, Bear Stearns or Washington Mutual as issuer and  $1.6 billion  involves JPMC, Bear Stearns or Washington Mutual solely as underwriter. The Firm and certain of its current and former officers and Board members have also been sued in shareholder derivative actions relating to the Firm’s MBS activities, and trustees have asserted or have threatened to assert claims that loans in securitization trusts should be repurchased. Issuer Litigation – Class Actions . JPMC has fully resolved all pending putative class actions on behalf of purchasers of MBS. Issuer Litigation – Individual Purchaser Actions . The Firm is defending individual actions brought against JPMC, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual as MBS issuers (and, in some cases, also as underwriters of their own MBS offerings). The Firm has settled a number of these actions. Several actions remain pending in federal and state courts across the U.S. and are in various stages of litigation. Monoline Insurer Litigation . The Firm has settled  two  pending actions relating to a monoline insurer’s guarantees of principal and interest on certain classes of  11  different Bear Stearns MBS offerings. This settlement fully resolves all pending actions by monoline insurers against the Firm relating to RMBS issued and/or sponsored by the Firm. Underwriter Actions . In actions against the Firm involving offerings where the Firm was solely an underwriter of other issuers’ MBS offerings, the Firm has contractual rights to indemnification from the issuers. However, those indemnity rights may prove effectively unenforceable in various situations, such as where the issuers are now defunct. Currently there is  one  such action pending against the Firm relating to a single offering of another issuer. Repurchase Litigation . The Firm is defending a number of actions brought by trustees, securities administrators or  300   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report master servicers of various MBS trusts on behalf of purchasers of securities issued by those trusts. These cases generally allege breaches of various representations and warranties regarding securitized loans and seek repurchase of those loans or equivalent monetary relief, as well as indemnification of attorneys’ fees and costs and other remedies. Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, acting as trustee for various MBS trusts, has filed such a suit against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) in connection with a significant number of MBS issued by Washington Mutual; that case is described in the Washington Mutual Litigations section below. Other repurchase actions, each specific to  one  or more MBS transactions issued by JPMC and/or Bear Stearns, are in various stages of litigation. In addition, the Firm and a group of  21  institutional MBS investors made a binding offer to the trustees of MBS issued by JPMC and Bear Stearns providing for the payment of  $4.5 billion  and the implementation of certain servicing changes by JPMC, to resolve all repurchase and servicing claims that have been asserted or could have been asserted with respect to  330  MBS trusts created between 2005 and 2008. The offer does not resolve claims relating to Washington Mutual MBS. The trustees (or separate and successor trustees) for this group of  330  trusts have accepted the settlement for  319  trusts in whole or in part and excluded from the settlement  16  trusts in whole or in part. The trustees’ acceptance is subject to a judicial approval proceeding initiated by the trustees and pending in New York state court. The judicial approval hearing was held in January 2016, and the parties are awaiting a decision. An investor in some of the trusts for which the settlement has been accepted has intervened in the judicial approval proceeding to challenge the trustees’ allocation of the settlement among the trusts. Separately, in October 2015, JPMC reached agreements to resolve repurchase and servicing claims for  four  trusts among the  16  that were previously excluded from the trustee settlement. In December 2015, the court approved the trustees’ decision to accept these separate settlements. The trustees are seeking to obtain certain remaining approvals necessary to effectuate these settlements. Additional actions have been filed against third-party trustees that relate to loan repurchase and servicing claims involving trusts sponsored by JPMC, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. Derivative Actions . Shareholder derivative actions relating to the Firm’s MBS activities have been filed against the Firm, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former officers and members of its Board of Directors, in New York state court and California federal court.  Two  of the New York actions have been dismissed,  one  of which is on appeal. A consolidated action in California federal court has been dismissed without prejudice for lack of personal jurisdiction and plaintiffs are pursuing discovery relating to jurisdiction.   Government Enforcement Investigations and Litigation . The Firm is responding to an ongoing investigation being conducted by the DOJ’s Criminal Division and  two  United States Attorney’s Offices relating to MBS offerings securitized and sold by the Firm and its subsidiaries. The Firm has also received subpoenas and informal requests for information from state authorities concerning the issuance and underwriting of MBS-related matters. The Firm continues to respond to these MBS-related regulatory inquiries. In addition, the Firm continues to cooperate with investigations by the DOJ, including the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Connecticut, and by the SEC Division of Enforcement and the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, all of which relate to, among other matters, communications with counterparties in connection with certain secondary market trading in residential and commercial MBS. The Firm has entered into agreements with a number of entities that purchased MBS that toll applicable limitations periods with respect to their claims, and has settled, and in the future may settle, tolled claims. There is no assurance that the Firm will not be named as a defendant in additional MBS-related litigation. Mortgage-Related Investigations and Litigation.  One  shareholder derivative action has been filed in New York Supreme Court against the Firm’s Board of Directors alleging that the Board failed to exercise adequate oversight as to wrongful conduct by the Firm regarding mortgage servicing. In December 2014, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint and in January 2016, the dismissal was affirmed on appeal. The Civil Division of the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York is conducting an investigation concerning the Firm’s compliance with the Fair Housing Act and Equal Credit Opportunity Act in connection with its mortgage lending practices. In addition,  three  municipalities have commenced litigation against the Firm alleging violations of an unfair competition law or the Fair Housing Act. The municipalities seek, among other things, civil penalties for the unfair competition claim, and, for the Fair Housing Act claims, damages resulting from lost tax revenue and increased municipal costs associated with foreclosed properties.  Two  of the municipal actions are stayed, and a motion to dismiss is pending in the remaining action. In March 2015, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A entered into a settlement agreement with the Executive Office for United States Bankruptcy Trustees and the United States Trustee Program (collectively, the “Bankruptcy Trustee”) to resolve issues relating to mortgage payment change notices and escrow statements in bankruptcy proceedings. In January 2016, the OCC determined that, among other things, the mortgage payment change notices issues that were the subject of the settlement with the Bankruptcy Trustee violated the 2011 mortgage servicing-related consent order  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   301 Notes to consolidated financial statements entered into by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the OCC (as amended in 2013 and 2015), and assessed a  $48 million  civil money penalty. The OCC concurrently terminated that consent order. Municipal Derivatives Litigation.  Several civil actions were commenced in New York and Alabama courts against the Firm relating to certain Jefferson County, Alabama (the “County”) warrant underwritings and swap transactions. The claims in the civil actions generally alleged that the Firm made payments to certain third parties in exchange for being chosen to underwrite more than  $3 billion  in warrants issued by the County and to act as the counterparty for certain swaps executed by the County. The County filed for bankruptcy in November 2011. In June 2013, the County filed a Chapter 9 Plan of Adjustment, as amended (the “Plan of Adjustment”), which provided that all the above-described actions against the Firm would be released and dismissed with prejudice. In November 2013, the Bankruptcy Court confirmed the Plan of Adjustment, and in December 2013, certain sewer rate payers filed an appeal challenging the confirmation of the Plan of Adjustment. All conditions to the Plan of Adjustment’s effectiveness, including the dismissal of the actions against the Firm, were satisfied or waived and the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Adjustment occurred in December 2013. Accordingly, all the above-described actions against the Firm have been dismissed pursuant to the terms of the Plan of Adjustment. The appeal of the Bankruptcy Court’s order confirming the Plan of Adjustment remains pending.  Petters Bankruptcy and Related Matters.  JPMorgan Chase and certain of its affiliates, including One Equity Partners (“OEP”), have been named as defendants in several actions filed in connection with the receivership and bankruptcy proceedings pertaining to Thomas J. Petters and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “Petters”) and the Polaroid Corporation. The principal actions against JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates have been brought by a court-appointed receiver for Petters and the trustees in bankruptcy proceedings for  three  Petters entities. These actions generally seek to avoid certain putative transfers in connection with (i) the 2005 acquisition by Petters of Polaroid, which at the time was majority-owned by OEP; (ii)  two  credit facilities that JPMorgan Chase and other financial institutions entered into with Polaroid; and (iii) a credit line and investment accounts held by Petters. The actions collectively seek recovery of approximately  $450 million . Defendants have moved to dismiss the complaints in the actions filed by the Petters bankruptcy trustees. Proprietary Products Investigations and Litigation.  In December 2015, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC agreed to a settlement with the SEC, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. agreed to a settlement with the CFTC, regarding disclosures to clients concerning conflicts associated with the Firm’s sale and use of proprietary products, such as J.P. Morgan mutual funds, in the Firm’s wealth management businesses, and the U.S.    Private Bank’s disclosures concerning the use of hedge funds that pay placement agent fees to JPMorgan Chase broker-dealer affiliates. As part of the settlements, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC paid penalties, disgorgement and interest totaling approximately  $307 million . The Firm continues to cooperate with inquiries from other government authorities concerning disclosure of conflicts associated with the Firm’s sale and use of proprietary products. A putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of financial advisory clients from 2007 to the present whose funds were invested in proprietary funds and who were charged investment management fees, was dismissed by the Court. Plaintiffs’ appeal of the dismissal is pending. Referral Hiring Practices Investigations.  Various regulators are investigating, among other things, the Firm’s compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws with respect to the Firm’s hiring practices related to candidates referred by clients, potential clients and government officials, and its engagement of consultants in the Asia Pacific region. The Firm is responding to and cooperating with these investigations. Washington Mutual Litigations.  Proceedings related to Washington Mutual’s failure are pending before the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and include a lawsuit brought by Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, initially against the FDIC and amended to include JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as a defendant, asserting an estimated  $6 billion  to  $10 billion  in damages based upon alleged breaches of certain representations and warranties given by certain Washington Mutual affiliates in connection with mortgage securitization agreements. The case includes assertions that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may have assumed liabilities for the alleged breaches of representations and warranties in the mortgage securitization agreements. In June 2015, the court ruled in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on the question of whether the Firm or the FDIC bears responsibility for Washington Mutual Bank’s repurchase obligations, holding that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. assumed only those liabilities that were reflected on Washington Mutual Bank’s financial accounting records as of September 25, 2008, and only up to the amount of the book value reflected therein. The FDIC is appealing that ruling and the case has otherwise been stayed pending the outcome of that appeal. Certain holders of Washington Mutual Bank debt filed an action against JPMorgan Chase which alleged that by acquiring substantially all of the assets of Washington Mutual Bank from the FDIC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. caused Washington Mutual Bank to default on its bond obligations. JPMorgan Chase and the FDIC moved to dismiss this action and the District Court dismissed the case except as to the plaintiffs’ claim that JPMorgan Chase tortiously interfered with the plaintiffs’ bond contracts with Washington Mutual Bank prior to its closure. The action has  302   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report been stayed pending a decision on JPMorgan Chase’s motion to dismiss the plaintiffs’ remaining claim. JPMorgan Chase has also filed complaints in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia against the FDIC, in its corporate capacity as well as in its capacity as receiver for Washington Mutual Bank, asserting multiple claims for indemnification under the terms of the Purchase & Assumption Agreement between JPMorgan Chase and the FDIC relating to JPMorgan Chase’s purchase of most of the assets and certain liabilities of Washington Mutual Bank. Wendel.  Since 2012, the French criminal authorities have been investigating a series of transactions entered into by senior managers of Wendel Investissement (“Wendel”) during the period from 2004 through 2007 to restructure their shareholdings in Wendel. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Paris branch provided financing for the transactions to a number of managers of Wendel in 2007. In April 2015, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. was notified that the authorities were formally investigating the role of its Paris branch in the transactions, including alleged criminal tax abuse. JPMorgan Chase is responding to and cooperating with the investigation. In addition, civil proceedings have been commenced against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. by a number of the managers. The claims are separate, involve different allegations and are at various stages of proceedings. *     *     * In addition to the various legal proceedings discussed above, JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries are named as defendants or are otherwise involved in a substantial number of other legal proceedings and inquiries. The Firm believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceedings and inquiries, and it intends to defend itself vigorously in all such matters. Additional legal proceedings and inquiries may be initiated from time to time in the future. The Firm has established reserves for several hundred of its currently outstanding legal proceedings. In accordance with the provisions of U.S. GAAP for contingencies, the Firm accrues for a litigation-related liability when it is probable that such a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Firm evaluates its outstanding legal proceedings each quarter to assess its litigation reserves, and makes adjustments in such reserves, upwards or downward, as appropriate, based on management’s best judgment after consultation with counsel. During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Firm incurred legal expense of  $3.0 billion ,  $2.9 billion  and  $11.1 billion , respectively. There is no assurance that the Firm’s litigation reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future.   In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal proceedings, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the matters present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in early stages of discovery, the Firm cannot state with confidence what will be the eventual outcomes of the currently pending matters, the timing of their ultimate resolution or the eventual losses, fines, penalties or impact related to those matters. JPMorgan Chase believes, based upon its current knowledge, after consultation with counsel and after taking into account its current litigation reserves, that the legal proceedings currently pending against it should not have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s consolidated financial condition. The Firm notes, however, that in light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, there is no assurance the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves it has currently accrued; as a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to JPMorgan Chase’s operating results for a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of JPMorgan Chase’s income for that period. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   303 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 32 – International operations The following table presents income statement- and balance sheet-related information for JPMorgan Chase by major international geographic area. The Firm defines international activities for purposes of this footnote presentation as business transactions that involve clients residing outside of the U.S., and the information presented below is based predominantly on the domicile of the client, the location from which the client relationship is managed, or the location of the trading desk. However, many of the Firm’s U.S. operations serve international businesses.   As the Firm’s operations are highly integrated, estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue and expense between U.S. and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are consistent with the allocations used for the Firm’s segment reporting as set forth in Note 33. The Firm’s long-lived assets for the periods presented are not considered by management to be significant in relation to total assets. The majority of the Firm’s long-lived assets are located in the U.S. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions)   Revenue (b)   Expense (c)   Income before income tax  expense   Net income   Total assets   2015                       Europe/Middle East and Africa   $ 14,206   $ 8,871   $ 5,335   $ 4,158   $ 347,647 (d)   Asia and Pacific   6,151   4,241   1,910   1,285   138,747   Latin America and the Caribbean   1,923   1,508   415   253   48,185   Total international   22,280   14,620   7,660   5,696   534,579   North America (a)   71,263   48,221   23,042   18,746   1,817,119   Total   $ 93,543   $ 62,841   $ 30,702   $ 24,442   $ 2,351,698   2014                       Europe/Middle East and Africa   $ 16,013   $ 10,123   $ 5,890   $ 3,935   $ 481,328 (d)   Asia and Pacific   6,083   4,478   1,605   1,051   147,357   Latin America and the Caribbean   2,047   1,626   421   269   44,567   Total international   24,143   16,227   7,916   5,255   673,252   North America (a)   70,969   48,186   22,783   16,490   1,899,022   Total   $ 95,112   $ 64,413   $ 30,699   $ 21,745   $ 2,572,274   2013                       Europe/Middle East and Africa   $ 15,585   $ 9,069   $ 6,516   $ 4,842   $ 514,747 (d)   Asia and Pacific   6,168   4,248   1,920   1,254   145,999   Latin America and the Caribbean   2,251   1,626   625   381   41,473   Total international   24,004   14,943   9,061   6,477   702,219   North America (a)   73,363   55,749   17,614   11,409   1,712,660   Total   $ 97,367   $ 70,692   $ 26,675   $ 17,886   $ 2,414,879   (a) Substantially reflects the U.S. (b) Revenue is composed of net interest income and noninterest revenue. (c) Expense is composed of noninterest expense and the provision for credit losses. (d) Total assets for the U.K. were approximately  $306 billion ,  $434 billion , and  $451 billion  at  December 31, 2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. 304   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Note 33 – Business segments The Firm is managed on a line of business basis. There are  four  major reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment. The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on a managed basis. For a definition of managed basis, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s use of non-GAAP financial measures, on  pages 80–82 . For a further discussion concerning  JPMorgan Chase ’s business segments, see Business Segment Results on  pages 83–84 . The following is a description of each of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases. Consumer & Community Banking  Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through ATMs, online, mobile and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Consumer & Business Banking (including Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management and Business Banking), Mortgage Banking (including Mortgage Production, Mortgage Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto (“Card”). Consumer & Business Banking offers deposit and investment products and services to consumers, and lending, deposit, and cash management and payment solutions to small businesses. Mortgage Banking includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting   of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card issues credit cards to consumers and small businesses, offers payment processing services to merchants, and provides auto loans and leases and student loan services. Corporate & Investment Bank The Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), which consists of Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Treasury Services, which provides transaction services, consisting of cash management and liquidity solutions. Markets & Investor Services is a global market-maker in cash securities and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets & Investor Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and    securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds . Commercial Banking Commercial Banking (“CB”) delivers extensive industry knowledge, local expertise and dedicated service to U.S. and U.S. multinational clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and nonprofit entities with annual revenue generally ranging from  $20 million  to  $2 billion . In addition, CB provides financing to real estate investors and owners. Partnering with the Firm’s other businesses, CB provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management to meet its clients’ domestic and international financial needs. Asset Management Asset Management (“AM”), with client assets of  $2.4 trillion , is a global leader in investment and wealth management. AM clients include institutions, high-net-worth individuals and retail investors in many major markets throughout the world. AM offers investment management across most major asset classes including equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds. AM also offers multi-asset investment management, providing solutions for a broad range of clients’ investment needs. For Global Wealth Management clients, AM also provides retirement products and services, brokerage and banking services including trusts and estates, loans, mortgages and deposits. The majority of AM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. Corporate The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office (“CIO”) and Other Corporate, which includes corporate staff units and expense that is centrally managed. Treasury and CIO are predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks, as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan. The major Other Corporate units include Real Estate, Enterprise Technology, Legal, Compliance, Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Oversight & Control, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. Other centrally managed expense includes the Firm’s occupancy and pension-related expenses that are subject to allocation to the businesses. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   305 Notes to consolidated financial statements Segment results  The following tables provide a summary of the Firm’s segment results as of or for the years ended December 31,  2015 ,  2014  and  2013  on a managed basis.   Total net revenue (noninterest revenue and net interest income) for each of the segments is presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (“FTE”) basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. This non-GAAP financial measure allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense/(benefit).  Preferred stock dividend allocation  As part of its funds transfer pricing process, the Firm allocates substantially all of the cost of its outstanding    preferred stock to its reportable business segments, while retaining the balance of the cost in Corporate. This cost is included as a reduction to net income applicable to common equity to be consistent with the presentation of firmwide results. Business segment capital allocation changes On at least an annual basis, the Firm assesses the level of capital required for each line of business as well as the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital to its lines of business, and updates the equity allocations to its lines of business as refinements are implemented. Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand-alone peer comparisons, regulatory capital requirements (as estimated under Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In rules) and economic risk. The amount of capital assigned to each business is referred to as equity. Segment results and reconciliation As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios) Consumer & Community Banking   Corporate & Investment Bank   Commercial Banking 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 Noninterest revenue $ 15,592 $ 15,937 $ 17,552   $ 23,693 $ 23,420 $ 23,736   $ 2,365 $ 2,349 $ 2,298 Net interest income 28,228 28,431 28,985   9,849 11,175 10,976   4,520 4,533 4,794 Total net revenue 43,820 44,368 46,537   33,542 34,595 34,712   6,885 6,882 7,092 Provision for credit losses 3,059 3,520 335   332 (161 ) (232 )   442 (189 ) 85 Noninterest expense 24,909 25,609 27,842   21,361 23,273 21,744   2,881 2,695 2,610 Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit) 15,852 15,239 18,360   11,849 11,483 13,200   3,562 4,376 4,397 Income tax expense/(benefit) 6,063 6,054 7,299   3,759 4,575 4,350   1,371 1,741 1,749 Net income/(loss) $ 9,789 $ 9,185 $ 11,061   $ 8,090 $ 6,908 $ 8,850   $ 2,191 $ 2,635 $ 2,648 Average common equity $ 51,000 $ 51,000 $ 46,000   $ 62,000 $ 61,000 $ 56,500   $ 14,000 $ 14,000 $ 13,500 Total assets 502,652 455,634 452,929   748,691 861,466 843,248   200,700 195,267 190,782 Return on common equity 18 % 18 % 23 %   12 % 10 % 15 %   15 % 18 % 19 % Overhead ratio 57 58 60   64 67 63   42 39 37 (a) Segment managed results reflect revenue on a FTE basis with the corresponding income tax impact recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). These adjustments are eliminated in reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results. 306   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report (table continued from previous page)                   Asset Management   Corporate   Reconciling Items (a)    Total 2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013   2015 2014 2013 $ 9,563 $ 9,588 $ 9,029   $ 800 $ 1,972 $ 3,093   $ (1,980 ) $ (1,788 ) $ (1,660 )   $ 50,033 $ 51,478 $ 54,048 2,556 2,440 2,376   (533 ) (1,960 ) (3,115 )   (1,110 ) (985 ) (697 )   43,510 43,634 43,319 12,119 12,028 11,405   267 12 (22 )   (3,090 ) (2,773 ) (2,357 )   93,543 95,112 97,367 4 4 65   (10 ) (35 ) (28 )   — — —   3,827 3,139 225 8,886 8,538 8,016   977 1,159 10,255   — — —   59,014 61,274 70,467 3,229 3,486 3,324   (700 ) (1,112 ) (10,249 )   (3,090 ) (2,773 ) (2,357 )   30,702 30,699 26,675 1,294 1,333 1,241   (3,137 ) (1,976 ) (3,493 )   (3,090 ) (2,773 ) (2,357 )   6,260 8,954 8,789 $ 1,935 $ 2,153 $ 2,083   $ 2,437 $ 864 $ (6,756 )   $ — $ — $ —   $ 24,442 $ 21,745 $ 17,886 $ 9,000 $ 9,000 $ 9,000   $ 79,690 $ 72,400 $ 71,409   $ — $ — $ —   $ 215,690 $ 207,400 $ 196,409 131,451 128,701 122,414   768,204 931,206 805,506   NA NA NA   2,351,698 2,572,274 2,414,879 21 % 23 % 23 %   NM NM NM   NM NM NM   11 % 10 % 9 % 73 71 70   NM NM NM   NM NM NM   63 64 72 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   307 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 34 – Parent company Parent company – Statements of income and comprehensive income Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Income             Dividends from subsidiaries and affiliates:             Bank and bank holding company   $ 10,653   $ —   $ 1,175 Nonbank (a)   8,172   14,716   876 Interest income from subsidiaries   443   378   757 Other interest income   234   284   303 Other income from subsidiaries,  primarily fees:             Bank and bank holding company   1,438   779   318 Nonbank   (2,945 )   52   2,065 Other income/(loss)   3,316   508   (1,380 ) Total income   21,311   16,717   4,114 Expense             Interest expense to subsidiaries and affiliates (a)   98   169   309 Other interest expense   3,720   3,645   4,031 Other noninterest expense   2,611   827   9,597 Total expense   6,429   4,641   13,937 Income (loss) before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries   14,882   12,076   (9,823 ) Income tax benefit   1,640   1,430   4,301 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries   7,920   8,239   23,408 Net income   $ 24,442   $ 21,745   $ 17,886 Other comprehensive income, net   (1,997 )   990   (2,903 ) Comprehensive income   $ 22,445   $ 22,735   $ 14,983 Parent company – Balance sheets         December 31, (in millions)   2015   2014 Assets         Cash and due from banks   $ 74   $ 211 Deposits with banking subsidiaries   65,799   95,884 Trading assets   13,830   18,222 Available-for-sale securities   3,154   3,321 Loans   1,887   2,260 Advances to, and receivables from, subsidiaries:         Bank and bank holding company   32,454   33,810 Nonbank   58,674   52,626 Investments (at equity) in subsidiaries and affiliates:         Bank and bank holding company   225,613   215,732 Nonbank (a)   34,205   41,173 Other assets   18,088   18,200 Total assets   $ 453,778   $ 481,439 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity         Borrowings from, and payables to, subsidiaries and affiliates (a)   $ 11,310   $ 17,381 Other borrowed funds, primarily commercial paper   3,722   49,586 Other liabilities   11,940   11,918 Long-term debt (b)(c)   179,233   170,827 Total liabilities (c)   206,205   249,712 Total stockholders’ equity   247,573   231,727 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 453,778   $ 481,439   Parent company – Statements of cash flows     Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2015   2014   2013 Operating activities             Net income   $ 24,442   $ 21,745   $ 17,886 Less: Net income of subsidiaries and affiliates (a)   26,745   22,972   25,496 Parent company net loss   (2,303 )   (1,227 )   (7,610 ) Cash dividends from subsidiaries and affiliates (a)   17,023   14,714   1,917 Other operating adjustments   2,483   (1,681 )   3,217 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities   17,203   11,806   (2,476 ) Investing activities             Net change in:             Deposits with banking subsidiaries   30,085   (31,040 )   10,679 Available-for-sale securities:             Proceeds from paydowns and maturities   120   12,076   61 Purchases   —   —   (12,009 ) Other changes in loans, net   321   (319 )   (713 ) Advances to and investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, net   (81 )   3,306   14,469 All other investing activities, net   153   32   22 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities   30,598   (15,945 )   12,509 Financing activities             Net change in:             Borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates (a)   (4,062 )   4,454   (2,715 ) Other borrowed funds   (47,483 )   (5,778 )   (7,297 ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   42,121   40,284   31,303 Payments of long-term debt   (30,077 )   (31,050 )   (21,510 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock   5,893   8,847   3,873 Redemption of preferred stock   —   —   (1,800 ) Treasury stock and warrants repurchased   (5,616 )   (4,760 )   (4,789 ) Dividends paid   (7,873 )   (6,990 )   (6,056 ) All other financing activities, net   (840 )   (921 )   (994 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities   (47,937 )   4,086   (9,985 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks   (137 )   (53 )   48 Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the year, primarily with bank subsidiaries   211   264   216 Cash and due from banks at the end of the year, primarily with bank subsidiaries   $ 74   $ 211   $ 264 Cash interest paid   $ 3,873   $ 3,921   $ 4,409 Cash income taxes paid, net   8,251   200   2,390 (a) Affiliates include trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities (“issuer trusts”). The Parent received dividends of  $2 million ,  $2 million  and  $5 million  from the issuer trusts in  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. For further discussion on these issuer trusts, see Note 21. (b) At  December 31, 2015 , long-term debt that contractually matures in 2016 through 2020 totaled  $27.2 billion ,  $26.0 billion ,  $21.1 billion ,  $11.5 billion  and  $22.2 billion , respectively. (c) For information regarding the Parent’s guarantees of its subsidiaries’ obligations, see Notes 21 and 29. 308   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Supplementary information Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited) (Table continued on next page)                   As of or for the period ended 2015   2014 (in millions, except per share, ratio, headcount data and where otherwise noted) 4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter   4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter Selected income statement data                   Total net revenue $ 22,885 $ 22,780 $ 23,812 $ 24,066   $ 22,750 $ 24,469 $ 24,678 $ 23,215 Total noninterest expense 14,263 15,368 14,500 14,883   15,409 15,798 15,431 14,636 Pre-provision profit 8,622 7,412 9,312 9,183   7,341 8,671 9,247 8,579 Provision for credit losses 1,251 682 935 959   840 757 692 850 Income before income tax expense 7,371 6,730 8,377 8,224   6,501 7,914 8,555 7,729 Income tax expense 1,937 (74 ) 2,087 2,310   1,570 2,349 2,575 2,460 Net income $ 5,434 $ 6,804 $ 6,290 $ 5,914   $ 4,931 $ 5,565 $ 5,980 $ 5,269 Per common share data                   Net income:            Basic $ 1.34 $ 1.70 $ 1.56 $ 1.46   $ 1.20 $ 1.37 $ 1.47 $ 1.29 Diluted 1.32 1.68 1.54 1.45   1.19 1.35 1.46 1.28 Average shares:      Basic 3,674.2 3,694.4 3,707.8 3,725.3   3,730.9 3,755.4 3,780.6 3,787.2 Diluted 3,704.6 3,725.6 3,743.6 3,757.5   3,765.2 3,788.7 3,812.5 3,823.6 Market and per common share data                   Market capitalization $ 241,899 $ 224,438 $ 250,581 $ 224,818   $ 232,472 $ 225,188 $ 216,725 $ 229,770 Common shares at period-end 3,663.5 3,681.1 3,698.1 3,711.1   3,714.8 3,738.2 3,761.3 3,784.7 Share price (a) :                   High $ 69.03 $ 70.61 $ 69.82 $ 62.96   $ 63.49 $ 61.85 $ 61.29 $ 61.48 Low 58.53 50.07 59.65 54.27   54.26 54.96 52.97 54.20 Close 66.03 60.97 67.76 60.58   62.58 60.24 57.62 60.71 Book value per share 60.46 59.67 58.49 57.77   56.98 56.41 55.44 53.97 Tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”) (b) 48.13 47.36 46.13 45.45   44.60 44.04 43.08 41.65 Cash dividends declared per share 0.44 0.44 0.44 0.40   0.40 0.40 0.40 0.38 Selected ratios and metrics                   Return on common equity (“ROE”) 9 % 12 % 11 % 11 %   9 % 10 % 11 % 10 % Return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) (b) 11 15 14 14   11 13 14 13 Return on assets (“ROA”) 0.90 1.11 1.01 0.94   0.78 0.90 0.99 0.89 Overhead ratio 62 67 61 62   68 65 63 63 Loans-to-deposits ratio 65 64 61 56   56 56 57 57 HQLA (in billions) (c) $ 496 $ 505 $ 532 $ 614   $ 600 $ 572 $ 576 $ 538 CET1 capital ratio (d) 11.8 % 11.5 % 11.2 % 10.7 %   10.2 % 10.2 % 9.8 % 10.9 % Tier 1 capital ratio (d) 13.5 13.3 12.8 12.1   11.6 11.5 11.0 12.0 Total capital ratio (d) 15.1 14.9 14.4 13.6   13.1 12.8 12.5 14.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.5 8.4 8.0 7.5   7.6 7.6 7.6 7.3 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)                   Trading assets $ 343,839 $ 361,708 $ 377,870 $ 398,981   $ 398,988 $ 410,657 $ 392,543 $ 375,204 Securities 290,827 306,660 317,795 331,136   348,004 366,358 361,918 351,850 Loans 837,299 809,457 791,247 764,185   757,336 743,257 746,983 730,971 Core Loans 732,093 698,988 674,767 641,285   628,785 607,617 603,440 582,206 Total assets 2,351,698 2,416,635 2,449,098 2,576,619   2,572,274 2,526,158 2,519,494 2,476,152 Deposits 1,279,715 1,273,106 1,287,332 1,367,887   1,363,427 1,334,534 1,319,751 1,282,705 Long-term debt (e) 288,651 292,503 286,240 280,123   276,379 268,265 269,472 274,053 Common stockholders’ equity 221,505 219,660 216,287 214,371   211,664 210,876 208,520 204,246 Total stockholders’ equity 247,573 245,728 241,205 235,864   231,727 230,939 226,983 219,329 Headcount 234,598 235,678 237,459 241,145   241,359 242,388 245,192 246,994 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   309 Supplementary information (Table continued from previous page)                   As of or for the period ended 2015   2014 (in millions, except ratio data) 4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter   4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter Credit quality metrics                   Allowance for credit losses $ 14,341 $ 14,201 $ 14,535 $ 14,658   $ 14,807 $ 15,526 $ 15,974 $ 16,485 Allowance for loan losses to total retained loans 1.63 % 1.67 % 1.78 % 1.86 %   1.90 % 2.02 % 2.08 % 2.20 % Allowance for loan losses to retained loans excluding purchased credit-impaired loans (f) 1.37 1.40 1.45 1.52   1.55 1.63 1.69 1.75 Nonperforming assets $ 7,034 $ 7,294 $ 7,588 $ 7,714   $ 7,967 $ 8,390 $ 9,017 $ 9,473 Net charge-offs 1,064 963 1,007 1,052   1,218 1,114 1,158 1,269 Net charge-off rate 0.52 % 0.49 % 0.53 % 0.57 %   0.65 % 0.60 % 0.64 % 0.71 % Note: Effective October 1, 2015, and January 1, 2015, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) adopted new accounting guidance, retrospectively, related to (1) the presentation of debt issuance costs, and (2) investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit, respectively. For additional information, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82  , Accounting and Reporting Developments on  page 170 , and Note 1. (a) Share prices shown for JPMorgan Chase’s common stock are from the New York Stock Exchange.  (b) TBVPS and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82 . (c) HQLA represents the amount of assets that qualify for inclusion in the liquidity coverage ratio under the final U.S. rule (“U.S. LCR”) for 4Q15, 3Q15, 2Q15 and 1Q15 and the estimated amounts for 4Q14 and 3Q14 prior to the effective date of the final rule and under the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio (“Basel III LCR”) for 2Q14 and 1Q14. For additional information, see HQLA on  page 160 . (d) As of December 31, 2015, September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, March 31, 2015, December 31, 2014, September 30, 2014, and June 30, 2014, the ratios presented are calculated under the U.S. Basel III transitional rules. As of March 31, 2015 the ratio presented is calculated under Basel III Standardized Transitional rules. All periods shown represent the Collins Floor. See Capital Management on  pages 149–158  for additional information on Basel III and non-GAAP financial measures of regulatory capital. (e) Included unsecured long-term debt of $211.8 billion, $214.6 billion, $209.1 billion, $209.0 billion, $207.0 billion, $204.2 billion, $205.1 billion and $205.6 respectively, for the periods presented. (f) Excludes the impact of residential real estate PCI loans, a non-GAAP financial measure. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on  pages 80–82 . For further discussion, see Allowance for credit losses on  pages 130–132 . 310   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Glossary of Terms Active foreclosures:  Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings are ongoing. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states. Allowance for loan losses to total loans:  Represents period-end allowance for loan losses divided by retained loans. Alternative assets:  The following types of assets constitute alternative investments – hedge funds, currency, real estate, private equity and other investment funds designed to focus on nontraditional strategies. Assets under management:  Represent assets actively managed by AM on behalf of its Private Banking, Institutional and Retail clients. Includes “Committed capital not Called,” on which AM earns fees. Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs:  Represents the interest of third-party holders of debt, equity securities, or other obligations, issued by VIEs that JPMorgan Chase consolidates. Benefit obligation:  Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans. Central counterparty (“CCP”):  A CCP is a clearing house that interposes itself between counterparties to contracts traded in one or more financial markets, becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer and thereby ensuring the future performance of open contracts. A CCP becomes counterparty to trades with market participants through novation, an open offer system, or another legally binding arrangement. Chase Liquid SM  cards:  Refers to a prepaid, reloadable card product. Client advisors:  Investment product specialists, including private client advisors, financial advisors, financial advisor associates, senior financial advisors, independent financial advisors and financial advisor associate trainees, who advise clients on investment options, including annuities, mutual funds, stock trading services, etc., sold by the Firm or by third-party vendors through retail branches, Chase Private Client locations and other channels. Client assets:  Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts. Client deposits and other third party liabilities:  Deposits, as well as deposits that are swept to on-balance sheet liabilities (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements) as part of client cash management programs. During the third quarter 2015 the Firm completed the discontinuation of its commercial paper customer sweep cash management program. Client investment managed accounts:  Assets actively managed by Chase Wealth Management on behalf of clients. The percentage of managed accounts is calculated by dividing managed account assets by total client investment assets.   Commercial Card  provides a wide range of payment services to corporate and public sector clients worldwide through the commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services, and business-to-business payment solutions. Core loans:  Loans considered central to the Firm’s ongoing businesses; core loans exclude loans classified as trading assets, runoff portfolios, discontinued portfolios and portfolios the Firm has an intent to exit. Credit cycle:  A period of time over which credit quality improves, deteriorates and then improves again (or vice versa). The duration of a credit cycle can vary from a couple of years to several years. Credit derivatives:  Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third party issuer (the reference entity) which allow one   party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Upon the occurrence of a credit event by the reference entity, which may include, among other events, the bankruptcy or failure to pay its obligations, or certain restructurings of the debt of the reference entity, neither party has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value at the time of settling the credit derivative contract. The determination as to whether a credit event has occurred is generally made by the relevant International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) Determinations Committee. Deposit margin/deposit spread:  Represents net interest income expressed as a percentage of average deposits. Distributed denial-of-service attack:  The use of a large number of remote computer systems to electronically send a high volume of traffic to a target website to create a service outage at the target. This is a form of cyberattack. Exchange-traded derivatives:  Derivative contracts that are executed on an exchange and settled via a central clearing house. Fee share:  Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third party provider of investment banking fee competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products. FICO score:  A measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical models by Fair Isaac Corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus. Forward points:  Represents the interest rate differential between two currencies, which is either added to or subtracted from the current exchange rate (i.e., “spot rate”) to determine the forward exchange rate. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   311 Glossary of Terms Group of Seven (“G7”) nations:  Countries in the G7 are Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S. G7 government bonds:  Bonds issued by the government of one of the G7 nations. Headcount-related expense:  Includes salary and benefits (excluding performance-based incentives), and other noncompensation costs related to employees. Home equity – senior lien:  Represents loans and commitments where JPMorgan Chase holds the first security interest on the property. Home equity – junior lien:  Represents loans and commitments where JPMorgan Chase holds a security interest that is subordinate in rank to other liens. Impaired loan:  Impaired loans are loans measured at amortized cost, for which it is probable that the Firm will be unable to collect all amounts due, including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the agreement. Impaired loans include the following: • All wholesale nonaccrual loans • All TDRs (both wholesale and consumer), including ones that have returned to accrual status Interchange income:  A fee paid to a credit card issuer in the clearing and settlement of a sales or cash advance transaction. Investment-grade:  An indication of credit quality based on JPMorgan Chase’s internal risk assessment system. “Investment grade” generally represents a risk profile similar to a rating of a “BBB-”/“Baa3” or better, as defined by independent rating agencies. LLC:  Limited Liability Company. Loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratio:  For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan. Origination date LTV ratio The LTV ratio at the origination date of the loan. Origination date LTV ratios are calculated based on the actual appraised values of collateral (i.e., loan-level data) at the origination date. Current estimated LTV ratio An estimate of the LTV as of a certain date. The current estimated LTV ratios are calculated using estimated collateral values derived from a nationally recognized home price index measured at the metropolitan statistical area (“MSA”) level. These MSA-level home price indices consist of actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. As a result, the estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting LTV ratios are necessarily imprecise and should therefore be viewed as estimates.   Combined LTV ratio The LTV ratio considering all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Combined LTV ratios are used for junior lien home equity products. Managed basis:  A non-GAAP presentation of financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Management uses this non- GAAP financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors. Master netting agreement:  An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts, as well as cash collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or termination of any one contract. Mortgage origination channels: Retail – Borrowers who buy or refinance a home through direct contact with a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by a banker in a Chase branch, real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties. Correspondent – Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions that sell closed loans to the Firm. Mortgage product types: Alt-A Alt-A loans are generally higher in credit quality than subprime loans but have characteristics that would disqualify the borrower from a traditional prime loan. Alt-A lending characteristics may include one or more of the following: (i) limited documentation; (ii) a high combined loan-to-value (“CLTV”) ratio; (iii) loans secured by non-owner occupied properties; or (iv) a debt-to-income ratio above normal limits. A substantial proportion of the Firm’s Alt-A loans are those where a borrower does not provide complete documentation of his or her assets or the amount or source of his or her income. Option ARMs The option ARM real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that provides the borrower with the option each month to make a fully amortizing, interest-only or minimum payment. The minimum payment on an option ARM loan is based on the interest rate charged during the introductory period. This introductory rate is usually significantly below the fully indexed rate. The fully indexed rate is calculated using an index rate plus a margin. Once the introductory period ends, the contractual interest rate charged on the loan increases to the fully indexed rate and adjusts monthly to reflect movements in the index. The minimum payment is typically insufficient to cover interest accrued in the prior month, and any unpaid interest is  312   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Glossary of Terms deferred and added to the principal balance of the loan. Option ARM loans are subject to payment recast, which converts the loan to a variable-rate fully amortizing loan upon meeting specified loan balance and anniversary date triggers. Prime Prime mortgage loans are made to borrowers with good credit records who meet specific underwriting requirements, including prescriptive requirements related to income and overall debt levels. New prime mortgage borrowers provide full documentation and generally have reliable payment histories. Subprime Subprime loans are loans that, prior to mid-2008, were offered to certain customers with one or more high risk characteristics, including but not limited to: (i) unreliable or poor payment histories; (ii) a high LTV ratio of greater than 80% (without borrower-paid mortgage insurance); (iii) a high debt-to-income ratio; (iv) an occupancy type for the loan is other than the borrower’s primary residence; or (v) a history of delinquencies or late payments on the loan. Multi-asset:  Any fund or account that allocates assets under management to more than one asset class. N/A:  Data is not applicable or available for the period presented. Net charge-off/(recovery) rate:  Represents net charge-offs/(recoveries) (annualized) divided by average retained loans for the reporting period. Net production revenue:  Includes net gains or losses on originations and sales of mortgage loans, other production-related fees and losses related to the repurchase of previously-sold loans. Net mortgage servicing revenue  includes the following components: Operating revenue predominantly represents the return on Mortgage Servicing’s MSR asset and includes: – Actual gross income earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, such as contractually specified servicing fees and ancillary income; and – The change in the fair value of the MSR asset due to the collection or realization of expected cash flows. Risk management represents the components of Mortgage Servicing’s MSR asset that are subject to ongoing risk management activities, together with derivatives and other instruments used in those risk management activities.   Net yield on interest-earning assets:  The average rate for interest-earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds. NM:  Not meaningful. Nonaccrual loans:  Loans for which interest income is not recognized on an accrual basis. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status when full payment of principal and interest is not expected or when principal and interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status. Nonperforming assets:  Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, nonperforming derivatives and certain assets acquired in loan satisfaction, predominantly real estate owned and other commercial and personal property. Over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives:  Derivative contracts that are negotiated, executed and settled bilaterally between two derivative counterparties, where one or both counterparties is a derivatives dealer. Over-the-counter cleared (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives:  Derivative contracts that are negotiated and executed bilaterally, but subsequently settled via a central clearing house, such that each derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of that clearing house. Overhead ratio:  Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue. Participating securities:  Represents unvested stock-based compensation awards containing nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (collectively, “dividends”), which are included in the earnings per share calculation using the two-class method. JPMorgan Chase grants restricted stock and RSUs to certain employees under its stock-based compensation programs, which entitle the recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock. These unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to each class of common stock and participating securities, based on their respective rights to receive dividends. Personal bankers:  Retail branch office personnel who acquire, retain and expand new and existing customer relationships by assessing customer needs and recommending and selling appropriate banking products and services. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   313 Glossary of Terms Pre-provision profit/(loss):  Represents total net revenue less noninterest expense. The Firm believes that this financial measure is useful in assessing the ability of a lending institution to generate income in excess of its provision for credit losses. Pretax margin:  Represents income before income tax expense divided by total net revenue, which is, in management’s view, a comprehensive measure of pretax performance derived by measuring earnings after all costs are taken into consideration. It is one basis upon which management evaluates the performance of AM against the performance of their respective competitors. Principal transactions revenue:  Principal transactions revenue includes realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded on derivatives, other financial instruments, private equity investments, and physical commodities used in market making and client-driven activities. In addition, Principal transactions revenue also includes certain realized and unrealized gains and losses related to hedge accounting and specified risk management activities including: (a) certain derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk), (b) certain derivatives used for specified risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit risk, foreign exchange risk and commodity risk, and (c) other derivatives. Purchased credit-impaired (“PCI”) loans:  Represents loans that were acquired in the Washington Mutual transaction and deemed to be credit-impaired on the acquisition date in accordance with the guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”). The guidance allows purchasers to aggregate credit-impaired loans acquired in the same fiscal quarter into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics (e.g., product type, LTV ratios, FICO scores, past due status, geographic location). A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. Real assets:  Real assets include investments in productive assets such as agriculture, energy rights, mining and timber properties and exclude raw land to be developed for real estate purposes. Real estate investment trust (“REIT”):  A special purpose investment vehicle that provides investors with the ability to participate directly in the ownership or financing of real-estate related assets by pooling their capital to purchase and manage income property (i.e., equity REIT) and/or mortgage loans (i.e., mortgage REIT). REITs can be publicly-or privately-held and they also qualify for certain favorable tax considerations. Receivables from customers:  Primarily represents margin loans to prime and retail brokerage customers which are included in accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets.   Reported basis:  Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP, which excludes the impact of taxable-equivalent adjustments. Retained loans:  Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value). Revenue wallet:  Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third party provider of investment banking competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products. Risk-weighted assets (“RWA”) : Basel III establishes two comprehensive methodologies for calculating RWA (a Standardized approach and an Advanced approach) which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, also operational risk. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced, both of which incorporate the requirements set forth in Basel 2.5. Sales specialists:  Retail branch office and field personnel, including relationship managers and loan officers, who specialize in marketing and sales of various business banking products (i.e., business loans, letters of credit, deposit accounts, Commerce Solutions, etc.) and mortgage products to existing and new clients. Seed capital:  Initial JPMorgan capital invested in products, such as mutual funds, with the intention of ensuring the fund is of sufficient size to represent a viable offering to clients, enabling pricing of its shares, and allowing the manager to develop a track record. After these goals are achieved, the intent is to remove the Firm’s capital from the investment. Short sale:  A short sale is a sale of real estate in which proceeds from selling the underlying property are less than the amount owed the Firm under the terms of the related mortgage and the related lien is released upon receipt of such proceeds. Structural interest rate risk:  Represents interest rate risk of the non-trading assets and liabilities of the Firm. Structured notes:  Structured notes are predominantly financial instruments containing embedded derivatives. Where present, the embedded derivative is the primary driver of risk. 314   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report Glossary of Terms Suspended foreclosures:  Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings have started but are currently on hold, which could be due to bankruptcy or loss mitigation. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states. Taxable-equivalent basis:  In presenting managed results, the total net revenue for each of the business segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities; the corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. Troubled debt restructuring (“TDR”):  A TDR is deemed to occur when the Firm modifies the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty. Unaudited:  Financial statements and information that have not been subjected to auditing procedures sufficient to permit an independent certified public accountant to express an opinion. U.S. GAAP:  Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (“U.S. GSEs”) and U.S. GSE obligations:  In the U.S., GSEs are quasi-governmental, privately-held entities established by Congress to improve the flow of credit to specific sectors of the economy and provide certain essential services to the public. U.S. GSEs include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but do not include Ginnie Mae, which is directly owned by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. U.S. GSE obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. U.S. Treasury:  U.S. Department of the Treasury. Value-at-risk (“VaR”):  A measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment.  Warehouse loans:  Consist of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value and classified as trading assets. Washington Mutual transaction:  On September 25, 2008, JPMorgan Chase acquired certain of the assets of the banking operations of Washington Mutual Bank (“Washington Mutual”) from the FDIC. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2015 Annual Report   315 Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials Consolidated average balance sheet, interest and rates Provided below is a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated average balances, interest rates and interest differentials on a taxable-equivalent basis for the years  2013  through  2015 . Income computed on a taxable-equivalent basis is the income reported in the Consolidated statements of income, adjusted to present interest income    and average rates earned on assets exempt from income taxes (primarily federal taxes) on a basis comparable with other taxable investments. The incremental tax rate used for calculating the taxable-equivalent adjustment was approximately  38%  in  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . A substantial portion of JPMorgan Chase’s securities are taxable. (Table continued on next page) 2015 Year ended December 31, (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) Average balance   Interest (e)   Average rate Assets             Deposits with banks $ 427,963   $ 1,250   0.29 %   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 206,637   1,592   0.77   Securities borrowed 105,273   (532 ) (f)   (0.50 )   Trading assets  206,385   6,694   3.24   Taxable securities 273,730   6,550   2.39   Non-taxable securities (a) 42,125   2,556   6.07   Total securities 315,855   9,106   2.88 (h)   Loans 787,318   33,321 (g)   4.23   Other assets (b) 38,811   652   1.68   Total interest-earning assets 2,088,242   52,083   2.49   Allowance for loan losses (13,885 )           Cash and due from banks 22,042           Trading assets – equity instruments 105,489           Trading assets – derivative receivables 73,290           Goodwill 47,445           Mortgage servicing rights 6,902           Other intangible assets:             Purchased credit card relationships 25           Other intangibles 1,067           Other assets 138,792           Total assets $ 2,469,409           Liabilities             Interest-bearing deposits $ 872,572   $ 1,252   0.14 %   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 192,510   609   0.32   Commercial paper 38,140   110   0.29   Trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities (c) 207,810   622   0.30   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) 49,200   435   0.88   Long-term debt 284,940   4,435   1.56   Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,645,172   7,463   0.45   Noninterest-bearing deposits 423,216           Trading liabilities – equity instruments 17,282           Trading liabilities – derivative payables 64,716           All other liabilities, including the allowance for lending-related commitments 79,293           Total liabilities 2,229,679           Stockholders’ equity             Preferred stock 24,040           Common stockholders’ equity 215,690           Total stockholders’ equity 239,730 (d)           Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,469,409           Interest rate spread         2.04 %   Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets     $ 44,620   2.14   (a) Represents securities which are tax exempt for U.S. Federal Income Tax purposes. (b) Includes margin loans.  (c) Includes brokerage customer payables. (d) The ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average assets was  9.7%  for  2015 ,  9.2%  for 2014, and  8.7%  for  2013 . The return on average stockholders’ equity, based on net income, was  10.2%  for 2015,  9.7%  for  2014 , and  8.6%  for  2013 . (e) Interest includes the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. (f) Negative interest income and yield for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, is the result of increased client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates; the offset of this stock borrow activity is reflected as lower net interest expense reported within short-term and other liabilities. (g) Fees and commissions on loans included in loan interest amounted to  $936 million  in  2015 ,  $1.1 billion  in  2014 , and  $1.3 billion  in  2013 . (h) The annualized rate for securities based on amortized cost was  2.94%  in  2015 ,  2.82%  in  2014 , and  2.37%  in  2013 , and does not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). (i) Reflects a benefit from the favorable market environments for dollar-roll financings. 316     Within the Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates summary, the principal amounts of nonaccrual loans have been included in the average loan balances used to determine the average interest rate earned on loans. For additional information on nonaccrual loans, including interest accrued, see Note 14.   (Table continued from previous page)                     2014   2013   Average balance   Interest (e)   Average rate   Average balance   Interest (e)   Average rate                             $ 358,072   $ 1,157   0.32 %     $ 268,968   $ 918   0.34 %   230,489   1,642   0.71     231,567   1,940   0.84   116,540   (501 ) (f)   (0.43 )     118,300   (127 ) (f)   (0.11 )   210,609   7,386   3.51     227,769   8,191   3.60   318,970   7,617   2.39     333,285   6,916   2.07   34,359   2,158   6.28     23,558   1,369   5.81   353,329   9,775   2.77 (h)     356,843   8,285   2.32 (h)   739,175   32,394 (g)   4.38     726,450   33,621 (g)   4.63   40,879   663   1.62     40,334   538   1.33   2,049,093   52,516   2.56     1,970,231   53,366   2.71   (15,418 )             (19,819 )           25,650             35,919           116,650             112,680           67,123             72,629           48,029             48,102           8,387             8,840                                     62             214           1,316             1,736           146,343             149,058           $ 2,447,235             $ 2,379,590                                     $ 868,838   $ 1,633   0.19 %     $ 822,781   $ 2,067   0.25 %   208,560   604 (i)   0.29 (i)     238,551   582 (i)   0.24 (i)   59,916   134   0.22     53,717   112   0.21   220,137   712   0.32     202,894   1,104   0.54   47,974   405   0.84     54,798   478   0.87   269,814   4,409   1.63     263,603   5,007   1.90   1,675,239   7,897   0.47     1,636,344   9,350   0.57   395,463             366,361           16,246             14,218           54,758             64,553           81,111             90,745           2,222,817             2,172,221                                     17,018             10,960           207,400             196,409           224,418 (d)             207,369 (d)           $ 2,447,235             $ 2,379,590                   2.09 %             2.14 %       $ 44,619   2.18         $ 44,016   2.23       317 Interest rates and interest differential analysis of net interest income – U.S. and non-U.S. Presented below is a summary of interest rates and interest differentials segregated between U.S. and non-U.S. operations for the years  2013  through  2015 . The segregation of U.S. and non-U.S. components is based on   the location of the office recording the transaction. Intracompany funding generally consists of dollar-denominated deposits originated in various locations that are centrally managed by JPMorgan Chase’s Treasury unit. (Table continued on next page)             2015 Year ended December 31, (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) Average balance Interest   Average rate Interest-earning assets           Deposits with banks:           U.S. $ 388,833 $ 1,021   0.26 %   Non-U.S. 39,130 229   0.59   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements:           U.S. 118,945 900   0.76   Non-U.S. 87,692 692   0.79   Securities borrowed:           U.S. 78,815 (562 ) (b)   (0.71 )   Non-U.S. 26,458 30   0.11   Trading assets – debt instruments:           U.S. 106,465 3,572   3.35   Non-U.S. 99,920 3,122   3.12   Securities:           U.S. 200,240 6,676   3.33   Non-U.S. 115,615 2,430   2.10   Loans:           U.S. 699,664 31,468   4.50   Non-U.S. 87,654 1,853   2.11   Other assets, predominantly U.S. 38,811 652   1.68   Total interest-earning assets 2,088,242 52,083   2.49   Interest-bearing liabilities           Interest-bearing deposits:           U.S. 638,756 761   0.12   Non-U.S. 233,816 491   0.21   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:           U.S. 140,609 366   0.26   Non-U.S. 51,901 243   0.47   Trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities:           U.S. 166,838 (394 ) (b)   (0.24 )   Non-U.S. 79,112 1,126   1.42   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. 49,200 435   0.88   Long-term debt:           U.S. 273,033 4,386   1.61   Non-U.S. 11,907 49   0.41   Intracompany funding:           U.S. (50,517 ) 7   —   Non-U.S. 50,517 (7 )   —   Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,645,172 7,463   0.45   Noninterest-bearing liabilities (a) 443,070         Total investable funds $ 2,088,242 $ 7,463   0.36 %   Net interest income and net yield:   $ 44,620   2.14 %   U.S.   38,033   2.34   Non-U.S.   6,587   1.42   Percentage of total assets and liabilities attributable to non-U.S. operations:           Assets       24.7   Liabilities       21.1   (a) Represents the amount of noninterest-bearing liabilities funding interest-earning assets. (b) Negative interest income and yield, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is a result of increased client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates; the offset of this stock borrow activity is reflected as lower net interest expense reported within trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities. (c) Reflects a benefit from the favorable market environments for dollar-roll financings. 318     For further information, see the “Net interest income” discussion in Consolidated Results of Operations on  pages 72–74 . (Table continued from previous page)                               2014   2013   Average balance Interest   Average rate     Average balance Interest   Average rate                                               $ 328,145 $ 825   0.25 %     $ 233,850 $ 572   0.24 %   29,927 332   1.11     35,118 346   0.99                         125,812 719   0.57     129,600 793   0.61   104,677 923   0.88     101,967 1,147   1.13                         77,228 (573 ) (b)   (0.74 )     69,377 (376 ) (b)   (0.54 )   39,312 72   0.18     48,923 249   0.51                         109,678 4,045   3.69     120,985 4,301   3.56   100,931 3,341   3.31     106,784 3,890   3.64                         193,856 6,586   3.40     170,473 4,795   2.81   159,473 3,189   2.00     186,370 3,490   1.87                         635,846 30,165   4.74     617,043 31,235   5.06   103,329 2,229   2.16     109,407 2,386   2.18   40,879 663   1.62     40,334 538   1.33   2,049,093 52,516   2.56     1,970,231 53,366   2.71                                               620,708 813   0.13     582,282 1,067   0.18   248,130 820   0.33     240,499 1,000   0.42                         146,025 130 (c)   0.09 (c)     161,256 103 (c)   0.06 (c)   62,535 474   0.76     77,295 479   0.62                         194,771 (284 ) (b)   (0.15 )     176,870 5 (b)   —   85,282 1,130   1.33     79,741 1,211   1.52   47,974 405   0.84     54,798 478   0.87                         256,726 4,366   1.70     250,477 4,949   1.98   13,088 43   0.33     13,126 58   0.45                         (122,467 ) (176 )   —     (181,109 ) (339 )   —   122,467 176   —     181,109 339   —   1,675,239 7,897   0.47     1,636,344 9,350   0.57   373,854           333,887         $ 2,049,093 $ 7,897   0.39 %     $ 1,970,231 $ 9,350   0.47 %     44,619   2.18 %       44,016   2.23 %     37,018   2.46       35,492   2.59     7,601   1.39       8,524   1.42                               28.9           32.6         22.6           23.5       319 Changes in net interest income, volume and rate analysis The table below presents an analysis of the effect on net interest income of volume and rate changes for the periods  2015  versus  2014  and  2014  versus  2013 . In this analysis, when the change cannot be isolated to either volume or rate, it has been allocated to volume.   2015 versus 2014   2014 versus 2013     Increase/(decrease) due to change in:       Increase/(decrease) due to change in:     Year ended December 31, (On a taxable-equivalent basis: in millions) Volume   Rate   Net change   Volume   Rate   Net change   Interest-earning assets                         Deposits with banks:                         U.S. $ 163   $ 33   $ 196   $ 230   $ 23   $ 253   Non-U.S. 53   (156 )   (103 )   (56 )   42   (14 )   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements:                       U.S. (58 )   239   181   (22 )   (52 )   (74 )   Non-U.S. (137 )   (94 )   (231 )   31   (255 )   (224 )   Securities borrowed:                       U.S. (12 )   23   11   (58 )   (139 )   (197 )   Non-U.S. (14 )   (28 )   (42 )   (16 )   (161 )   (177 )   Trading assets – debt instruments:                       U.S. (100 )   (373 )   (473 )   (413 )   157   (256 )   Non-U.S. (27 )   (192 )   (219 )   (197 )   (352 )   (549 )   Securities:                         U.S. 226   (136 )   90   785   1,006   1,791   Non-U.S. (918 )   159   (759 )   (543 )   242   (301 )   Loans:                       U.S. 2,829   (1,526 )   1,303   905   (1,975 )   (1,070 )   Non-U.S. (324 )   (52 )   (376 )   (135 )   (22 )   (157 )   Other assets, predominantly U.S. (36 )   25   (11 )   8   117   125   Change in interest income 1,645   (2,078 )   (433 )   519   (1,369 )   (850 )   Interest-bearing liabilities                         Interest-bearing deposits:                         U.S. 10   (62 )   (52 )   37   (291 )   (254 )   Non-U.S. (31 )   (298 )   (329 )   36   (216 )   (180 )   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:                     U.S. (12 )   248   236   (21 )   48   27   Non-U.S. (50 )   (181 )   (231 )   (113 )   108   (5 )   Trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities                       U.S. 66   (176 )   (110 )   (27 )   (262 )   (289 )   Non-U.S. (81 )   77   (4 )   71   (152 )   (81 )   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. 11   19   30   (57 )   (16 )   (73 )   Long-term debt:                   U.S. 251   (231 )   20   118   (701 )   (583 )   Non-U.S. (4 )   10   6   1   (16 )   (15 )   Intercompany funding:                         U.S. (1 )   184   183   72   91   163   Non-U.S. 1   (184 )   (183 )   (72 )   (91 )   (163 )   Change in interest expense 160   (594 )   (434 )   45   (1,498 )   (1,453 )   Change in net interest income $ 1,485   $ (1,484 )   $ 1   $ 474   $ 129   $ 603   320     Securities portfolio For information regarding the securities portfolio as of  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , and for the years ended  December 31, 2015  and  2014 , see Note 12. For the available–for–sale securities portfolio, at  December 31, 2013 , the fair value and amortized cost of U.S. Treasury and government agency obligations was  $99.2 billion  and  $97.7 billion , respectively; the fair value and amortized cost of all other available–for–sale securities was  $230.8 billion  and  $227.7 billion , respectively; and the total fair value and amortized cost of the total available–for–sale securities portfolio was  $330.0 billion  and  $325.4 billion , respectively. At  December 31, 2013 , the fair value and amortized cost of U.S. Treasury and government agency obligations in the held-to-maturity securities portfolio was  $22.8 billion  and  $23.1 billion , respectively; the fair value and amortized cost of all other held-to-maturity securities was  $920 million ; and the total fair value and amortized cost of the total held-to-maturity securities portfolio was $ 23.7 billion  and  $24.0 billion , respectively.      321 Loan portfolio The table below presents loans by portfolio segment and loan class that are presented in Credit Risk Management on  page 114 ,  pages 115–121  and  page 122 , and in Note 14, at the periods indicated. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 U.S. consumer, excluding credit card loans           Home equity $ 60,548 $ 69,837 $ 76,790 $ 88,356 $ 100,497 Mortgage 192,714 139,973 129,008 123,277 128,709 Auto 60,255 54,536 52,757 49,913 47,426 Other 31,304 31,028 30,508 31,074 31,795 Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card loans 344,821 295,374 289,063 292,620 308,427 Credit card Loans           U.S. credit card loans 131,132 129,067 125,308 125,277 129,587 Non-U.S. credit card loans 331 1,981 2,483 2,716 2,690 Total credit card loans 131,463 131,048 127,791 127,993 132,277 Total consumer loans 476,284 426,422 416,854 420,613 440,704 U.S. wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 83,739 78,664 79,436 77,900 65,958 Real estate 90,836 77,022 67,815 59,369 53,230 Financial institutions 12,708 13,743 11,087 10,708 8,489 Government agencies 9,838 7,574 8,316 7,962 7,236 Other 67,925 49,838 48,158 50,948 52,126 Total U.S. wholesale loans 265,046 226,841 214,812 206,887 187,039 Non-U.S. wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 30,385 34,782 36,447 36,674 31,108 Real estate 4,577 2,224 1,621 1,757 1,748 Financial institutions 17,188 21,099 22,813 26,564 30,262 Government agencies 1,788 1,122 2,146 1,586 583 Other 42,031 44,846 43,725 39,715 32,276 Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 95,969 104,073 106,752 106,296 95,977 Total wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 114,124 113,446 115,883 114,574 97,066 Real estate 95,413 79,246 69,436 61,126 54,978 Financial institutions 29,896 34,842 33,900 37,272 38,751 Government agencies 11,626 8,696 10,462 9,548 7,819 Other 109,956 94,684 91,883 90,663 84,402 Total wholesale loans 361,015 330,914 321,564 313,183 283,016 Total loans (a) $ 837,299 $ 757,336 $ 738,418 $ 733,796 $ 723,720 Memo:           Loans held-for-sale $ 1,646 $ 7,217 $ 12,230 $ 4,406 $ 2,626 Loans at fair value 2,861 2,611 2,011 2,555 2,097 Total loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value $ 4,507 $ 9,828 $ 14,241 $ 6,961 $ 4,723 (a) Loans (other than purchased credit-impaired loans and those for which the fair value option have been elected) are presented net of unearned income, unamortized discounts and premiums, and net deferred loan costs. These amounts were not material as of  December 31, 2015 ,  2014 ,  2013 ,  2012  and  2011 . 322     Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates The table below sets forth, at  December 31, 2015 , wholesale loan maturity and distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements. The table below also presents loans by loan class that are presented in Wholesale credit portfolio on  pages 122–129  and Note 14. The table does not include the impact of derivative instruments. December 31, 2015 (in millions) Within 1 year  (a) 1-5 years After 5 years Total U.S.         Commercial and industrial $ 13,641 $ 57,210 $ 12,888 $ 83,739 Real estate 7,173 19,823 63,840 90,836 Financial institutions 8,093 4,044 571 12,708 Government agencies 1,040 3,140 5,658 9,838 Other 24,196 41,795 1,934 67,925 Total U.S. 54,143 126,012 84,891 265,046 Non-U.S.         Commercial and industrial 9,061 15,913 5,411 30,385 Real estate 1,895 2,626 56 4,577 Financial institutions 13,114 4,072 2 17,188 Government agencies 803 252 733 1,788 Other 32,901 8,532 598 42,031 Total non-U.S. 57,774 31,395 6,800 95,969 Total wholesale loans $ 111,917 $ 157,407 $ 91,691 $ 361,015 Loans at fixed interest rates   $ 8,982 $ 62,274   Loans at variable interest rates   148,425 29,417   Total wholesale loans   $ 157,407 $ 91,691   (a) Includes demand loans and overdrafts. Risk elements The following tables set forth nonperforming assets, contractually past-due assets, and accruing restructured loans by portfolio segment and loan class that are presented in Credit Risk Management on  page 114 ,  pages 115–116  and  page 122 , at the periods indicated. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Nonperforming assets           U.S. nonaccrual loans:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans $ 5,413 $ 6,509 $ 7,496 $ 9,174 $ 7,411 Credit card loans — — — 1 1 Total U.S. nonaccrual consumer loans 5,413 6,509 7,496 9,175 7,412 Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 315 184 317 702 936 Real estate 175 237 338 520 886 Financial institutions 4 12 19 60 76 Government agencies — — 1 — — Other 86 59 97 153 234 Total U.S. wholesale nonaccrual loans 580 492 772 1,435 2,132 Total U.S. nonaccrual loans 5,993 7,001 8,268 10,610 9,544 Non-U.S. nonaccrual loans:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans — — — — — Credit card loans — — — — — Total non-U.S. nonaccrual consumer loans — — — — — Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 314 21 116 131 79 Real estate 63 23 88 89 — Financial institutions 6 7 8 — — Government agencies — — — 5 16 Other 53 81 60 57 354 Total non-U.S. wholesale nonaccrual loans 436 132 272 282 449 Total non-U.S. nonaccrual loans 436 132 272 282 449 Total nonaccrual loans 6,429 7,133 8,540 10,892 9,993 Derivative receivables 204 275 415 239 297 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 401 559 751 775 1,025 Nonperforming assets $ 7,034 $ 7,967 $ 9,706 $ 11,906 $ 11,315 Memo:           Loans held-for-sale $ 101 $ 95 $ 26 $ 18 $ 110 Loans at fair value 25 21 197 265 73 Total loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value $ 126 $ 116 $ 223 $ 283 $ 183     323 December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Contractually past-due loans (a)           U.S. loans:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans $ 290 $ 367 $ 428 $ 525 $ 551 Credit card loans 944 893 997 1,268 1,867 Total U.S. consumer loans 1,234 1,260 1,425 1,793 2,418 Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 6 14 14 19 — Real estate 15 33 14 69 84 Financial institutions 1 — — 6 2 Government agencies 6 — — — — Other 28 26 16 30 6 Total U.S. wholesale loans 56 73 44 124 92 Total U.S. loans 1,290 1,333 1,469 1,917 2,510 Non-U.S. loans:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans — — — — — Credit card loans — 2 25 34 36 Total non-U.S. consumer loans — 2 25 34 36 Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 1 — — — — Real estate — — — — — Financial institutions 10 — 6 — — Government agencies — — — — — Other — 3 — 14 8 Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 11 3 6 14 8 Total non-U.S. loans 11 5 31 48 44 Total contractually past due loans $ 1,301 $ 1,338 $ 1,500 $ 1,965 $ 2,554 (a) Represents accruing loans past-due 90 days or more as to principal and interest, which are not characterized as nonaccrual loans. December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Accruing restructured loans (a)           U.S.:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans $ 5,980 $ 7,814 $ 9,173 $ 9,033 $ 7,310 Credit card loans (b) 1,465 2,029 3,115 4,762 7,214 Total U.S. consumer loans 7,445 9,843 12,288 13,795 14,524 Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 12 10 — 29 68 Real estate 28 31 27 7 48 Financial institutions — — — — 2 Other — 1 3 — 6 Total U.S. wholesale loans 40 42 30 36 124 Total U.S. 7,485 9,885 12,318 13,831 14,648 Non-U.S.:           Consumer, excluding credit card loans — — — — — Credit card loans (b) — — — — — Total non-U.S. consumer loans — — — — — Wholesale:           Commercial and industrial — — — 24 48 Real estate — — — — — Other — — — — — Total non-U.S. wholesale loans — — — 24 48 Total non-U.S. — — — 24 48 Total accruing restructured notes $ 7,485 $ 9,885 $ 12,318 $ 13,855 $ 14,696 (a) Represents performing loans modified in troubled debt restructurings in which an economic concession was granted by the Firm and the borrower has demonstrated its ability to repay the loans according to the terms of the restructuring. As defined in U.S. GAAP, concessions include the reduction of interest rates or the deferral of interest or principal payments, resulting from deterioration in the borrowers’ financial condition. Excludes nonaccrual assets and contractually past-due assets, which are included in the sections above. (b) Includes credit card loans that have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring. For a discussion of nonaccrual loans, past-due loan accounting policies, and accruing restructured loans see Credit Risk Management on  pages 112–132 , and Note 14. 324     Impact of nonaccrual loans and accruing restructured loans on interest income The negative impact on interest income from nonaccrual loans represents the difference between the amount of interest income that would have been recorded on such nonaccrual loans according to their original contractual terms had they been performing and the amount of interest that actually was recognized on a cash basis. The negative impact on interest income from accruing restructured loans represents the difference between the amount of interest income that would have been recorded on such loans according to their original contractual terms and the amount of interest that actually was recognized under the modified terms. The following table sets forth this data for the years specified. The change in foregone interest income from  2013  through  2015  was primarily driven by the change in the levels of nonaccrual loans.  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Nonaccrual loans       U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms $ 513 $ 563 $ 719 Interest that was recognized in income (225 ) (268 ) (298 ) Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 288 295 421 Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total U.S. credit card — — — Total U.S. consumer 288 295 421 Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 24 28 29 Interest that was recognized in income (10 ) (9 ) (9 ) Total U.S. wholesale 14 19 20 Negative impact  —  U.S. 302 314 441 Non-U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. credit card — — — Total non-U.S. consumer — — — Wholesale:         Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 13 7 36 Interest that was recognized in income (6 ) — — Total non-U.S. wholesale 7 7 36 Negative impact  —  non-U.S. 7 7 36 Total negative impact on interest income $ 309 $ 321 $ 477     325 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 Accruing restructured loans       U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms $ 485 $ 629 $ 758 Interest that was recognized in income (286 ) (339 ) (395 ) Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 199 290 363 Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 260 377 602 Interest that was recognized in income (82 ) (123 ) (198 ) Total U.S. credit card 178 254 404 Total U.S. consumer 377 544 767 Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 2 — 1 Interest that was recognized in income (2 ) — (1 ) Total U.S. wholesale — — — Negative impact — U.S. 377 544 767 Non-U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. credit card — — — Total non-U.S. consumer — — — Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. wholesale — — — Negative impact — non-U.S. — — — Total negative impact on interest income $ 377 $ 544 $ 767 326     Cross-border outstandings Cross-border disclosure is based on the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council’s (“FFIEC”) guidelines governing the determination of cross-border risk. The reporting of country exposure under the FFIEC bank regulatory requirements provides information on the distribution, by country and sector, of claims on, and liabilities to, foreign residents held by U.S. banks and bank holding companies and is used by the regulatory agencies to determine the presence of credit and related risks,    including transfer and country risk. Country location under the FFIEC bank regulatory reporting is based on where the entity or counterparty is legally established. JPMorgan Chase ’s total cross-border exposure tends to fluctuate greatly, and the amount of exposure at year-end tends to be a function of timing rather than representing a consistent trend. For a further discussion of  JPMorgan Chase ’s country risk exposure, see Country Risk Management on  pages 140–141 . The following table lists all countries in which  JPMorgan Chase ’s cross-border outstandings exceed 0.75% of consolidated assets as of the dates specified. Cross-border outstandings exceeding 0.75% of total assets (a) (in millions) December 31, Governments Banks Other (b) Net local  country  assets Total cross-border outstandings (c) Commitments (d) Total exposure Cayman Islands 2015 $ — $ 153 $ 76,160 $ 35 $ 76,348 $ 12,708 $ 89,056   2014 2 199 73,708 115 74,024 25,886 99,910   2013 9 232 70,006 — 70,247 21,928 92,175 France 2015 $ 9,139 $ 5,780 $ 21,199 $ 2,890 $ 39,008 $ 127,159 $ 166,167   2014 13,544 8,670 23,254 2,222 47,690 188,703 236,393   2013 10,512 12,448 38,415 2,486 63,861 235,173 299,034 Japan 2015 $ 367 $ 12,556 $ 3,972 $ 29,348 $ 46,243 $ 47,069 $ 93,312   2014 522 11,211 3,922 24,257 39,912 67,480 107,392   2013 957 16,286 12,972 30,811 61,026 60,310 121,336 Germany 2015 $ 19,817 $ 2,028 $ 8,455 $ — $ 30,300 $ 106,104 $ 136,404   2014 22,772 4,524 8,522 — 35,818 173,121 208,939   2013 25,514 4,078 7,057 — 36,649 214,375 251,024 Netherlands 2015 $ 1,717 $ 1,688 $ 10,736 $ — $ 14,141 $ 52,029 $ 66,170   2014 1,551 3,157 24,792 — 29,500 86,039 115,539   2013 1,024 4,349 32,765 — 38,138 97,797 135,935 Italy 2015 $ 12,313 $ 3,618 $ 6,331 $ 732 $ 22,994 $ 89,712 $ 112,706   2014 14,297 5,293 5,221 550 25,361 128,269 153,630   2013 10,302 4,440 5,643 1,524 21,909 135,711 157,620 Ireland 2015 $ 67 $ 952 $ 12,436 $ — $ 13,455 $ 8,024 $ 21,479   2014 131 4,007 13,613 — 17,751 12,734 30,485   2013 99 4,175 13,878 — 18,152 11,709 29,861 Spain 2015 $ 2,385 $ 4,704 $ 4,629 $ 887 $ 12,605 $ 45,838 $ 58,443   2014 1,887 6,290 4,458 79 12,714 71,501 84,215   2013 2,549 9,332 9,543 217 21,641 80,137 101,778 (a) Prior periods were revised to conform with the current presentation. (b) Consists primarily of commercial and industrial. (c) Outstandings include loans and accrued interest receivable, interest-bearing deposits with banks, acceptances, resale agreements, other monetary assets, cross-border trading debt and equity instruments, fair value of foreign exchange and derivative contracts, and local country assets, net of local country liabilities. The amounts associated with foreign exchange and derivative contracts are presented after taking into account the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements. (d) Commitments include outstanding letters of credit, undrawn commitments to extend credit, and the gross notional value of credit derivatives where  JPMorgan Chase  is a protection seller.     327 Summary of loan and lending-related commitments loss experience The tables below summarize the changes in the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments during the periods indicated. For a further discussion, see Allowance for credit losses on  pages 130–132 , and Note 15. Allowance for loan losses           Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Balance at beginning of year $ 14,185 $ 16,264 $ 21,936 $ 27,609 $ 32,266 U.S. charge-offs           U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 1,658 2,132 2,754 4,805 5,419 U.S. credit card 3,475 3,682 4,358 5,624 8,017 Total U.S. consumer charge-offs 5,133 5,814 7,112 10,429 13,436 U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 63 44 150 131 197 Real estate 6 14 51 114 221 Financial institutions 5 14 1 8 102 Government agencies — 25 1 — — Other 6 22 9 56 149 Total U.S. wholesale charge-offs 80 119 212 309 669 Total U.S. charge-offs 5,213 5,933 7,324 10,738 14,105 Non-U.S. charge-offs           Non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — — — Non-U.S. credit card 13 149 114 131 151 Total non-U.S. consumer charge-offs 13 149 114 131 151 Non-U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 5 27 5 8 1 Real estate — 4 11 6 142 Financial institutions — — — — 6 Government agencies — — — 4 — Other 10 1 13 19 98 Total non-U.S. wholesale charge-offs 15 32 29 37 247 Total non-U.S. charge-offs 28 181 143 168 398 Total charge-offs 5,241 6,114 7,467 10,906 14,503 U.S. recoveries           U.S. consumer, excluding credit card (704 ) (814 ) (847 ) (508 ) (547 ) U.S. credit card (364 ) (383 ) (568 ) (782 ) (1,211 ) Total U.S. consumer recoveries (1,068 ) (1,197 ) (1,415 ) (1,290 ) (1,758 ) U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial (32 ) (49 ) (27 ) (335 ) (60 ) Real estate (20 ) (27 ) (56 ) (64 ) (93 ) Financial institutions (8 ) (12 ) (90 ) (37 ) (207 ) Government agencies (8 ) — — (2 ) — Other (3 ) (36 ) (6 ) (21 ) (36 ) Total U.S. wholesale recoveries (71 ) (124 ) (179 ) (459 ) (396 ) Total U.S. recoveries (1,139 ) (1,321 ) (1,594 ) (1,749 ) (2,154 ) Non-U.S. recoveries           Non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — — — Non-U.S. credit card (2 ) (19 ) (25 ) (29 ) (32 ) Total non-U.S. consumer recoveries (2 ) (19 ) (25 ) (29 ) (32 ) Non-U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial (10 ) — (29 ) (16 ) (14 ) Real estate — — — (2 ) (14 ) Financial institutions (2 ) (14 ) (10 ) (7 ) (38 ) Government agencies — — — — — Other (2 ) (1 ) (7 ) (40 ) (14 ) Total non-U.S. wholesale recoveries (14 ) (15 ) (46 ) (65 ) (80 ) Total non-U.S. recoveries (16 ) (34 ) (71 ) (94 ) (112 ) Total recoveries (1,155 ) (1,355 ) (1,665 ) (1,843 ) (2,266 ) Net charge-offs 4,086 4,759 5,802 9,063 12,237 Write-offs of purchased credit-impaired (“PCI”) loans (a) 208 533 53 — — Provision for loan losses 3,663 3,224 188 3,387 7,612 Other 1 (11 ) (5 ) 3 (32 ) Balance at year-end $ 13,555 $ 14,185 $ 16,264 $ 21,936 $ 27,609 (a) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool (e.g., upon liquidation). During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Firm recorded a $291 million adjustment to reduce the PCI allowance and the recorded investment in the Firm’s PCI loan portfolio, primarily reflecting the cumulative effect of interest forgiveness modifications. This adjustment had no impact to the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income. 328     Allowance for lending-related commitments Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Balance at beginning of year $ 622 $ 705 $ 668 $ 673 $ 717 Provision for lending-related commitments 164 (85 ) 37 (2 ) (38 ) Net charge-offs — — — — — Other — 2 — (3 ) (6 ) Balance at year-end $ 786 $ 622 $ 705 $ 668 $ 673 Loan loss analysis           As of or for the year ended December 31,  (in millions, except ratios) 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Balances           Loans – average $ 787,318 $ 739,175 $ 726,450 $ 722,384 $ 693,523 Loans – year-end 837,299 757,336 738,418 733,796 723,720 Net charge-offs (a) 4,086 4,759 5,802 9,063 12,237 Allowance for loan losses:           U.S. $ 12,704 $ 13,472 $ 15,382 $ 20,946 $ 26,621 Non-U.S. 851 713 882 990 988 Total allowance for loan losses $ 13,555 $ 14,185 $ 16,264 $ 21,936 $ 27,609 Nonaccrual loans $ 6,429 $ 7,133 $ 8,540 $ 10,892 $ 9,993 Ratios           Net charge-offs to:           Loans retained – average 0.52 % 0.65 % 0.81 % 1.26 % 1.78 % Allowance for loan losses 30.14 33.55 35.67 41.32 44.32 Allowance for loan losses to:           Loans retained – year-end (b) 1.63 1.90 2.25 3.02 3.84 Nonaccrual loans retained 215 202 196 207 281 (a) There were no net charge-offs/(recoveries) on lending-related commitments in  2015 ,  2014 ,  2013 ,  2012  or  2011 . (b) The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of retained loans declined from  2011  to  2015 , due to an improvement in credit quality of the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios. For a more detailed discussion of the  2013  through  2015  provision for credit losses, see Provision for credit losses on  page 132 .     329 Deposits The following table provides a summary of the average balances and average interest rates of JPMorgan Chase’s various deposits for the years indicated. Year ended December 31, Average balances   Average interest rates (in millions, except interest rates) 2015   2014   2013   2015   2014   2013 U.S. offices                       Noninterest-bearing $ 403,143   $ 376,947   $ 346,765   — %   — %   — % Interest-bearing                       Demand 78,516   75,553   63,045   0.11   0.10   0.09 Savings 475,142   459,186   429,289   0.07   0.10   0.13 Time 85,098   86,007   89,948   0.38   0.35   0.51 Total interest-bearing deposits 638,756   620,746   582,282   0.12   0.13   0.18 Total deposits in U.S. offices 1,041,899   997,693   929,047   0.07   0.08   0.11 Non-U.S. offices                       Noninterest-bearing 20,073   18,516   19,596   —   —   — Interest-bearing                       Demand 185,331   208,364   196,300   0.13   0.22   0.22 Savings 2,418   2,179   1,374   0.11   0.13   0.11 Time 46,067   37,549   42,825   0.54   0.97   1.32 Total interest-bearing deposits 233,816   248,092   240,499   0.21   0.33   0.42 Total deposits in non-U.S. offices 253,889   266,608   260,095   0.19   0.31   0.38 Total deposits $ 1,295,788   $ 1,264,301   $ 1,189,142   0.10 %   0.13 %   0.17 % At December 31, 2015, other U.S. time deposits in denominations of $100,000 or more totaled  $58.4 billion , substantially all of which mature in three months or less. In addition, the table below presents the maturities for U.S. time certificates of deposit in denominations of $100,000 or more. By remaining maturity at December 31, 2015 (in millions) Three months or less   Over three months but within six months   Over six months  but within 12 months   Over 12 months   Total U.S. time certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more) $ 7,520   $ 1,537   $ 1,770   $ 1,745   $ 12,572 330     Short-term and other borrowed funds The following table provides a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s short-term and other borrowed funds for the years indicated. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except rates) 2015   2014   2013 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:           Balance at year-end $ 152,678   $ 192,101   $ 181,163 Average daily balance during the year 192,510   208,560   238,551 Maximum month-end balance 212,112   228,162   272,718 Weighted-average rate at December 31 0.39 %   0.27 %   0.31 % Weighted-average rate during the year 0.32   0.29   0.24             Commercial paper:           Balance at year-end $ 15,562   $ 66,344   $ 57,848 Average daily balance during the year 38,140   59,916   53,717 Maximum month-end balance 64,012   66,344   58,835 Weighted-average rate at December 31 0.55 %   0.22 %   0.22 % Weighted-average rate during the year 0.29   0.22   0.21             Other borrowed funds: (a)           Balance at year-end $ 80,126   $ 96,455   $ 92,774 Average daily balance during the year 93,001   100,189   93,937 Maximum month-end balance 99,226   107,950   103,526 Weighted-average rate at December 31 1.89 %   1.73 %   2.49 % Weighted-average rate during the year 1.84   1.89   2.27             Short-term beneficial interests : (b)           Commercial paper and other borrowed funds:           Balance at year-end $ 11,322   $ 16,953   $ 17,786 Average daily balance during the year 15,608   14,073   22,245 Maximum month-end balance 17,137   17,026   28,559 Weighted-average rate at December 31 0.41 %   0.23 %   0.29 % Weighted-average rate during the year 0.32   0.30   0.26 (a) Includes interest-bearing securities sold but not yet purchased. (b) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities. Federal funds purchased represent overnight funds. Securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements generally mature between one day and three months. Commercial paper generally is issued in amounts not less than $100,000, and with maturities of 270 days or less. Other borrowed funds consist of demand notes, term federal funds purchased, and various other borrowings that generally have maturities of one year or less.     331 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.         (Registrant)   By: /s/ JAMES DIMON     (James Dimon  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   February 23, 2016 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the date indicated. JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not exercise the power of attorney to sign on behalf of any Director.     Capacity   Date /s/ JAMES DIMON   Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)     (James Dimon)                 /s/ LINDA B. BAMMANN   Director     (Linda B. Bammann)                   /s/ JAMES A. BELL   Director      (James A. Bell)                   /s/ CRANDALL C. BOWLES   Director      (Crandall C. Bowles)                   /s/ STEPHEN B. BURKE   Director      (Stephen B. Burke)                   /s/ JAMES S. CROWN   Director    February 23, 2016 (James S. Crown)                   /s/ TIMOTHY P. FLYNN   Director      (Timothy P. Flynn)                   /s/ LABAN P. JACKSON, JR.   Director      (Laban P. Jackson, Jr.)                   /s/ MICHAEL A. NEAL   Director     (Michael A. Neal)                   /s/ LEE R. RAYMOND   Director      (Lee R. Raymond)                   /s/ WILLIAM C. WELDON   Director       (William C. Weldon)                   /s/ MARIANNE LAKE   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial Officer)     (Marianne Lake)                 /s/ MARK W. O’DONOVAN   Managing Director and Corporate Controller  (Principal Accounting Officer)     (Mark W. O’Donovan)       332     	 
 
 
 
